Mackenzie Crook provided the voice for Watership Down ( miniseries )'s character.
Abi Olajuwon is +193 centimetre tall.
Launchpad has an Alexa rank of +7321.
Columbine in Colorado is elevated 1688 metres above sea level.
Sharon Dahlonega Bush is on the focus list of WikiProject African diaspora.
The narrative location of Tekken ( video game ) is Italy.
Vincent Cassel won the César Award for Best Actor.
The Steina (Schwalm) watershed area is +20.497 square kilometres.
The Porte d'Italie (Paris Metro) has 2 platform tracks.
San Jose, California is twinned with Veracruz.
Jean-Léon Gérôme's student was Alexandre Bloch.
The capacity of Sam Nujoma Stadium is 10300.
The Grenoble Institute of Technology has a subsidiary called the Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann.
The Fukuoka Prefecture owns the Saga Prefectural Road and the Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 19.
Pierre Desloges has a hearing loss.
The Dungeon Master's Guide was inspired by Stanley G Weinbaum.
Charterhouse Square is connected to Carthusian Street.
Boris Morukov was a crew member of STS-106.
Alfonso Osorio was in the election in the 1982 Spanish general election.
The speed of HMHS Dover Castle is +14 knot.
Paul Muldoon archives are at Leeds University Library.
The right ascension of Leo II (dwarf galaxy) is +168.36721 degree.
The 2011 Commonwealth of Independent States Cup attendance was 40800.
The Ventotene Lighthouse has a range of +15 nautical mile.
Luis Medina Cantalejo was the referee of the 2009 Copa del Rey Final.
The inflation rate of India is +10.6 percent.
The illustrator of Titan ( Varley novel ) is Connor Freff Cochran.
Cole ( film ) has an aspect ratio of 2.35:1.
Air India operates the Airbus A320 family.
Vladimir Kuzmin's website account is on My World@Mail.Ru.
The LNWR Class G2A has a standard gauge railway.
Jeffery Amherst, 5th Earl Amherst, is relative to Sarah Amherst.
Sidi is the honorific prefix of Si Kaddour Benghabrit.
The 1939 Scottish Cup Final was the final of the 1938-39 Scottish Cup competition.
The discharge of Nagara River is +115.4 cubic metre per second.
The Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Coromoto is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare.
Angola uses the Europlug plug.
Khabarovsk Bridge has 18 spans.
The cover art for Maze of Moonlight is by Thomas Canty.
Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 had 20 deaths.
Castle Peak is the highest point in Gunnison County, Colorado.
Sean Ono Lennon's godparent is Elton John.
Allergic rhinitis is treated with Flunisolide.
The total fertility rate in Tajikistan is +3.756.
The Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System was discontinued in 1998.
Brian Grimsditch was the director of the excavation at Buckton Castle.
The volume of Rangeley Lake is 359 cubic hectometre.
The official symbol of Bangladesh is Nymphaea nouchali.
The medial plantar nerve innervates the flexor hallucis brevis muscle.
The DN Tower 21 was built to replace the Norinchukin Bank Yurakucho building.
Humboldt University of Berlin has 35587 students.
Pat Cadigan was the guest of honor at the 74th World Science Fiction Convention.
The Degiro trading fee is 0.026 percent.
Dave Burgess is the animator of Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 film )'s.
The frequency of the Eighth Cambridge Survey is +38 megahertz.
The mains voltage in Bangladesh is +220 volt.
The legislative body of Doboj is City of Doboj Assembly.
William Hayman Cummings contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography.
The focal height of Capo Spartivento Calabro Lighthouse is +63 metre.
The rector of the University of Trento is Daria de Pretis.
The advertisement for Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign is "America".
The art director of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 film ) is Tom Codrick.
GNOME is a GUI toolkit for OpenSUSE.
Diademed sifaka's gestation period is +150 day.
Arjen Tuiten is the make up artist of Iron Man 2.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Greece was appointed by Alexis Tsipras.
The curator of Mayor Gallery is Douglas Cooper (art historian).
William Broyles Jr. is represented by the Creative Artists Agency.
The Forest ( 2016 film ) has a RARS rating of 16+.
The Málaga Film Festival is held in April.
Pakistan's top level Internet domain is .pk.
Asamushi Onsen has a temperature of +78 degree Celsius.
The North Atlantic Deep Water has a salinity of +35 per mille.
The total equity of Unibank in Azerbaijan is 165000000 United States dollar.
Soyuz TM-11 has an orbit of 2735.
The Toulouse Metro uses Véhicule Automatique Léger.
Federated States of Micronesia is marriedable at 16 years old.
Schwa IPA has a number order of +322.
Akira Toriyama is the artist of Dragon Quest Builders.
Bucerius Law School is a partnership with the Jagiellonian University.
Bukit Ketri railway station is wheelchair accessible.
The TV show Sirius the Jaeger was broadcast by Tokyo MX.
The captain of the Japan women's national football team is Saki Kumagai.
The unemployment rate in the Philippines is +7.3 percent.
The SS Cap Arcona cruise speed is +20 knot.
The number of seats in the Kerala Legislative Assembly is +140.
The Progress MS-05 spacecraft docking/undocking date was 24 February 2017.
The record for the maximum temperature in Louisiana is +114 degree Fahrenheit.
The Eurovision network is maintained by WikiProject WikiProject Eurovision.
There are 495 beds at Eleanor Slater Hospital.
Crescent Lake (Oregon) has a residence time of 13 years.
China Eastern Airlines has a division called Joy Air.
Joseph Bédier took the Agrégation de lettres test.
Stig Blomqvist's co-driver is Bruno Berglund.
Zhong Tian Plaza has 3 floors below ground.
The Cavalier Heights Visitor Center is the tourist office of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park.
The BMW N55 has a compression ratio of +10.2.
Charles Borromeo is a deity in Italy.
133 Cyrene has a rotation period of +12.708 hour.
Giuseppe Cerutti has written for La Feuille villageoise.
The market cap of Randstad Holding is +2466900000 euro.
Jeffrey Glueck is the Chief Operating Officer of Foursquare.
The binding energy of plutonium-239 is +1806916.002 kiloelectronvolt.
Uruguay ratified the Convention on the Exercise of Liberal Professions of 1889.
The plaintiff in the A&M Records Inc. v. Napster, Inc. case is A&M Records, Inc.
The taxonomic area of Weerribben-Wieden National Park is large copper.
The mean age of Bruntál District is +42.5 annum.
The main topic of the category for Baltimore and Ohio Railroad locomotives is:Baltimore and Ohio locomotives.
The Occipitofrontalis muscle is supplied by the supratrochlear artery.
The angle from vertical to the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is +15 degree.
The Burning Empires role-playing game uses the Burning Wheel system.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art official app is The Metropolitan Museum of Art Android app.
The Gregorian calendar was started in Estonia on March 1, 1918.
Gallotia taxon was written by George Albert Boulenger.
Tafod y Ddraig was published by the Welsh Language Society.
Aristotle is credited with the Magna Moralia.
The VG-1 autologous cell line is B301.
SAE 316L stainless steel has an austenite microstructure.
Zeevang water is a percent of the area of +30.57 percent.
The 2018 Laos dam collapse damaged Thasengchan.
Mafia ( party game ) has a minimum number of 3 players.
The Yangpachen Monastery was destroyed in 1966.
The ultimate tensile strength of A36 steel is +450 megapascal.
The Bulgarian Stock Exchange - Sofia stock market index is BG TR30.
Gastropoda is the main food source for ground beetles.
Kerosene has an autoignition temperature of +220 degree Celsius.
Saudi Arabia has a minimum age of 6 years old for compulsory education.
The Hell Creek Formation fossil can be found in the unit Aublysodon molnari.
View of the World from 9th Avenue is located at Ninth Avenue (Manhattan).
The Mars Cube One is equipped with a CubeSat satellite bus.
A36 steel has a yield strength of +250 megapascal.
Todd Beamer was a passenger on United Airlines Flight 93.
Hepatitis C has an incidence of +1.7 cases per 100000 person-years.
The Federal Department of Foreign Affairs's substitute director/manager is Ueli Maurer.
Factor VIII gene inversion is associated with haemophilia A.
Hurricane Dorian had a wind speed of +295 km/h.
Sweden's individual tax rate is +25 percent.
The Sunken Plum was shown at the Málaga Film Festival.
Vergina Sun is the seal description of Macedonia, Greece.
The coastline of Bouvet Island is +29.6 kilometres.
The supercharger of BMW N57 is a turbocharger.
The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 has a rear suspension with a multi-link.
The number of records in the Art & Architecture Thesaurus is 47267.
The Arabia Mountain Path is moderate in difficulty.
Covington Catholic High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Duralex Picardie was made in 1954.
Victor Shem-Tov won The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture.
The Casey v. Planned Parenthood cases were consolidated.
Nicolas Colombel's follower was Nicolas Poussin.
The Hyundai Ioniq has a drag coefficient of +0.24.
NOD2 gene insertion is associated with Crohn's disease.
Andriy Shevchenko's patronym or matronym is Mykolayovych.
Indole is a substrate of Tryptophan synthase.
The total liabilities of Kramfors Municipality are +414715000 Swedish krona.
The central bank of the Korean Empire was the Bank of Korea which was in operation between 1909 and 1950.
The VAT rate in Hungary is +27 percent.
The galactic latitude of Antlia 2 is +11.2479 degree.
Marzia Kjellberg has a multi-channel network on the Disney Digital Network.
Hexafluorophosphate is conjugated to Hexafluorophosphoric acid.
The JMA magnitude of the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes is +7.3.
The admission rate of McMaster University is +0.587.
The Centurion Card offers a cash back of 1.5 percent.
The Catholic Encyclopedia was granted the imprimitur by John Murphy Farley.
Patton Oswalt is the author of the afterword to "I'll Be Gone in the Dark".
The Orion spacecraft has a shelf life of +210 days.
Hazelaarweg Stadion has a maximum capacity of +10000.
Basaula Lemba is a member of Vitória S.C.
Zakiya Bywaters plays for the United States women's national under 17 soccer team.
The Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica, is a subsidiary of Academia Sinica.
Leon Cort plays for Preston North End F.C.
Chris Sumner was Minister of Prices and Consumer Affairs.
Ellery Cairo played for the Feyenoord team.
Kayke Rodrigues is a member of the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
Wang Manli competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The population of Gars am Inn is +3585.
Barbara De Rossi is a cast member of Freckled Max and the Spooks.
The Adam Carolla Project has 13 episodes.
Ian Storey-Moore is a member of the Burton Albion F.C.
Western Bay of Plenty District is bordered by Hauraki District.
Lida District is an administrative district in Baranavichy Voblast.
Molière ( 2007 film ) stars Edouard Baer.
The Perdreauville archives are located at the Departmental archives of Yvelines.
Crasville Manche has a population of 266.
Rene Howe played for Burton Albion F.C.
Aaron and Abner Zook are members of the architectural illustrator group.
Ogden, Illinois is elevated 671 feet above sea level.
Erasmus Earle's given name is Erasmus.
The maximum capacity of Sheikh Kamal Stadium, Nilphamari is +21359.
Igor Aksyonov plays for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alier Ashurmamadov plays for CSKA Pamir Dushanbe.
Konstantin Nikologorskiy has an Elo rating of +2410.
The population of Kozly (Louny District) is 238.
The Turkish people are from the country of Ukraine.
Japan National Route 127 is connected to Futtsu Tateyama Road.
Ryan Brobbel is a member of the Northern Ireland national under 17 football team.
East Martinsburg Historic District is elevated 129 metres above sea level.
Barbara Bates is a cast member of This Love of Ours.
American Airlines operates the Boeing 767-300ER.
Sycamore High School ( Cincinnati , Ohio ) was opened in 1974.
Jerzy Giedroyc was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Grand Duke Gediminas.
Vannino Chiti was President of the Italian region.
Choi Jong-bum played for the South Korea national under-23 football team.
Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor was the owner of the Nature Studies manuscript.
Geneviève Morel starred in The Barton Mystery (1949).
Nico Schulz played for the Germany national under-17 football team.
Dalovice is part of Mladá Boleslav District.
The population of Sic, Cluj is +3189.
Shener Remzi plays for FC Chernomorets Burgas.
The population of Rajupalem, Kadapa district is male and it has a population of 1218.
Jamal Lowe plays for Hitchin Town F.C.
Yevgeny Novikov is a cast member in the film Battle of Moscow.
Dmytro Nevmyvaka is a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team.
Muttiah Muralitharan plays for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club.
Nenê ( footballer , born 1983 )'s club is Cagliari Calcio.
David Fletcher ( baseball ) played for the Burlington Bees.
Richard Matheson is the author of Road Rage (audiobook).
Carmelo Anthony has won the Best Male College Athlete ESPY Award.
Alfredo Adami stars in Mezzanotte d'amore.
Ideal House, London was designed by Raymond Hood.
The population of Quintela de Leirado is 814.
Nigel Povah Elo has a rating of +2310.
Dominic Iorfa plays for Aylesbury United F.C.
Viru Viru International Airport is elevated +1225 feet above sea level.
Urmas Hepner plays for the FCI Levadia U21 team.
The 1995 Acura Classic - Singles was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Billy Stark plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Grégory Duruz plays for New Zealand Knights FC.
Geraldine McCaughrean was nominated for the Carnegie Medal (a literary award).
Mike Green ( basketball , born 1951 ) played for the Sacramento Kings.
The patronage of Shellharbour Airport is +9504.
Cyperaceae is in the Glumiflorae family.
Ed Farmer played for the Baltimore Orioles.
Alpha Sculptoris has a parallax of 4.7068 milliarcsecond.
Arce in Spain has a population of +275.
Omar Shakir plays for the Bermuda national football team.
Horizume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Maesteg RFC is a team that Malcolm Davies (rugby) played for.
The Border Gateway Protocol has a port of +179.
Michael Blackwood ( footballer ) played for Tamworth F.C.
The Newtown Act is an election law.
Oleg Rozin plays for FC Lukhovitsy.
Yorie Yamashita is the voice actor of Only Yesterday ( 1991 film )'s.
The Museumsquartier is the location of Vienna Independent Shorts.
There are 52 houses in Jamnice, Czech Republic.
Rui Fonte plays for RCD Espanyol.
Matt DeCaro starred in House ( TV series )'s.
The capacity of the Chengdu Longquanyi Football Stadium is 30800.
H C Zen founded the Science Society of China.
Antonio Maceda plays for the Spain national under 23 football team.
Slovinky is elevated 442 metres above sea level.
Faisal Al-Merqeb plays for Al-Taawoun FC.
Anton Ponkrashov participated in EuroBasket 2011.
The 8th Street station of Philadelphia is adjacent to the Chinatown station of the SEPTA.
Gilbert Kaze plays for the Burundi national football team.
Andriy Hurskyi played for FC Obolon Kyiv.
The Dark Elf Trilogy is part of the Legend of Drizzt.
Apristurus belongs to the Pentanchidae family.
Ilir Nallbani plays for FC Tatabánya.
Alessandro Zoppetti played for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Salim Arrache is a member of the Toulouse FC club.
Uladzimir Karytska played for FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
The Mississippi River has a watershed area of 2981000 square kilometres.
The film Gate of Hell has a duration of 88 minutes.
The Moldova national football team has a ranking of +121.
Vikhammer Station is located in the Central European Time Zone.
The Cadillac STS-V is 1478 millimetres in height.
The Ferryman ( 2007 film ) is a 100 minute movie.
Lles de Cerdanya has 30 households.
Kevin Todd ( footballer ) played for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Zhastalap is at an elevation of +1 metre above sea level.
The Jubilaeum Maximum is written in Ecclesiastical Latin.
Sebastián Dubarbier played for FC Lorient.
Daniel Schwenter is described by the source BEIC Digital Library.
The screenwriter of 1000 Meisterwerke is Thomas Kellein.
The Coughlin-Alumni Stadium was opened on 22 September 1962.
The Keihan Ishiyama Sakamoto Line connects with the Biwako Line.
Frank Whittle won the Albert Medal of the Royal Society of Arts.
César Belli is a member of the Club Athletico Paranaense.
Paul Emslie is a member of the Peterhead F.C.
Ong Kim Swee played for the Malaysia national football team.
Jesper Bech played for Esbjerg fB.
Libby, Minnesota is located in the Central time zone.
Mal Whitfield won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Abass Lawal plays for Khor Fakkan Club.
Luis Gabriel Rey plays for Atlético Bucaramanga.
Oshri Gita is a member of the Hapoel Acre F.C.
Edoardo Catinali played for U.S. Ancona 1905.
Rathaus Schoneberg is made of sandstone.
Herefordshire Council is the maintainer of the Hereford Road Skew Bridge.
The Chazy River is elevated +28m above sea level.
Javier López Vallejo is a member of the Levadiakos F.C.
Wendy B. Lawrence was a crew member of the STS-86 mission.
Buddo hill is elevated +1300 metres above sea level.
The population of Wavell Heights, Queensland is +9684.
Belgium's life expectancy is 81.2878 year.
Ange N'Silu plays for FC Le Mont.
Gao Rui Elo has a rating of +2487.
Bhakti Kulkarni has an Elo rating of +2256.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of 2504.
Roman Kuzovkin is a member of the FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Chandrapur, Bardhaman has a population of +2104.
Ricky Ravenhill played football for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Richard Graham ( footballer , born 1979 ) played for Billericay Town F.C.
Kita-Kume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
The Nintendo 3DS system software is written in Russian.
Elizabeth Debicki provided the voice for Peter Rabbit (film).
Millford Plantation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The patronage of Darwin International Airport is +95598.
Schwanheide station is located next to the Boizenburg (Elbe) railway station.
Tau1 Hydrae has an apparent magnitude of +3.58.
The population of Neckarwestheim is +3181.
Jason Banton is a member of the Crystal Palace F.C.
Hubert Stevens competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Alexa Guarachi has a ranking of +347.
The population of Alton North, Texas is 5051.
Graeme Montgomery plays for Eastleigh F.C.
Hendon School was established on November 1, 2011.
Tia Carrere is a cast member of Aloha, Scooby-Doo!
The maximum capacity of Stadio Carlo Castellani is +19847.
The novel Bano originates from India.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of the Clube Esportivo Bento Goncalves.
The elevation above sea level of Lower Buckhorn Lake is +274 metres.
Kevin Strootman played for PSV Eindhoven.
Whitehorse Mountain, Washington is elevated +2085 metres above sea level.
Otto Herbert Hajek was a participant in Documenta III.
Assan Bazayev won the 2008 Tour of Turkey.
Nick Colgan played for Grimsby Town F.C.
The cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto is Chieti Cathedral.
The winner of the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor - Series, Miniseries or Television Film is Stanley Tucci.
Battle of Tarutino is located in Moscow.
Denis Cyr played for the Springfield Indians.
Leszek Iwanicki is a member of Legia Warsaw.
Viorel Turcu played for FC Argeş Pitești.
Omar Simionato plays for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica.
Robert Slippens competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The patronage of Saga Airport is 345066.
The elevation above sea level in Abertown, New Jersey is +245 metres.
The area of Birnie Island is +0.72 square kilometre.
Effingham, Illinois is elevated 180 metres above sea level.
Hugh Laurie won the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama.
Elierce Barbosa de Souza played for Brasilia Futebol Clube.
Ira Newble played for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Steve Basham played for Preston North End F.C.
John Bednarski has a mass of +185 pound.
The Fukuoka Prefecture is the owner of Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 736.
Davie Sneddon played for Hurlford United F.C.
Giuseppe Zappella played for the club U.S. Avellino 1912.
Ray McLoughlin played for Barbarian F.C.
Adriano Spatola is the partner of Giulia Niccolai.
Demetris Assiotis plays for Olympiakos Nicosia.
The population of Valley of Lagoons is +48.
Praga is described in Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The right ascension of Kappa Volantis is +124.9540156744000 degree.
Don Shaw was a member of the St. Louis Cardinals.
The population of Ventosilla y Tejadilla is 26.
Enric Saborit plays for the Spain national under-19 football team.
Keith England played for the Castleford Tigers.
Hugo Firmino played for Kabuscorp S.C.P.
The orbital inclination of STS-60 is +57.0 degree.
Jeff Hackett played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Tom Willis is a footballer for Brisbane Roar FC.
Bojan Trkulja plays for the FC Daugava club.
The county of Barbour, West Virginia is located on the border with Randolph County, West Virginia.
Rizvan Ablitarov plays for FC Dnipro.
Andries Malan competed at the 2013 Mauritius International Badminton Championships - Men's doubles.
Jeff Agoos played for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
Hogan Group is elevated +130 metres above sea level.
Ella Diehl was a participant in the 2010 Russia Open Badminton Championships - Women's singles.
Samuel J. Tilden House is a New York City landmark.
Pokey Reddick played for the Winnipeg Jets between 1972 and 1996.
Twan Castelijns plays for Team Jumbo-Visma.
Poranga has a population of +12001.
Keshokhedi is elevated 470 metres above sea level.
Jean Lake Airport is elevated 2370 feet above sea level.
Greig Denham played for Motherwell FC.
Dennis Oli played for Farnborough FC.
Cem Tosun played for the Turkey national under-21 football team.
Doris Schwaiger is +171 centimetre tall.
Sir John Barrington, 7th Baronet was a Member of the 13th Parliament of Great Britain.
The Magadan Oblast includes the Srednekansky District.
Bob McAuley plays for Rangers F.C.
Billy Thomas ( basketball ) played for the Kansas Cagerz.
Artyom Kulesha plays for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.
Jason Taylor, an American football player, won the Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award.
Paddys River in the Australian Capital Territory is 28.4 km long.
Tim Carter is a footballer who plays for Bristol Rovers FC.
Ursula von der Leyen has a Doctor of Medicine degree.
Kempegowda International Airport has a scheduled service to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport.
Justine Zulu plays for the Lamontville Golden Arrows FC.
The patronage of Dundee airport is +23955.
Roman Chmelo is a member of PKNS FC.
The main category of Locarno Festival is Locarno International Film Festival.
Kentucky Route 1682 is +15.295 miles long.
Sobolew railway station is located in the Central European time zone.
Shigenobu Shima has a mass of +95 kilogram.
Shuvagata Hom played for the Barisal Bulls.
The station is located in the time zone of Malaysia, and is called Kampung Baru LRT station.
Episcopal Charities of Southeast Florida is based in the United States.
James Miller ( footballer , born 1904 ) played for Raith Rovers F.C.
The patronage number of Stockholm Arlanda Airport is +17101478.
Ciprian Tănasă is a member of the FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Abraham Gneki Guié was a member of the Ivory Coast Olympic football team.
The European route E70 connects with Alexandria.
Li Weijun is a member of South China AA.
Gareth Hopkins ( footballer ) plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Janet Beecher starred in Judge Hardy's Children.
The patron saint of Manta, Ecuador is Paul the Apostle.
The Scottish Football League First Division season starts in August.
Kendrick Cross is a cast member of Iron Man 3.
Georgi Bizhev plays for FC Dorostol Silistra.
Jamiat Ul Mominat, Hyderabad, India is in India.
The tonality of Auf dem Wasser zu singen is A-flat minor.
The total assets of Commerzbank are 480500000000 euro.
Daryl Sattler played for Minnesota United FC in the 2010-16 season.
Alban Bushi plays for PFC Litex Lovech.
The population of Gradefes is 1028.
Ramon Menezes plays for CR Vasco da Gama.
Donaldo Gonzalez is a member of the Panama national football team.
Saied Reza Ameli's student was Ehsan Shahghasemi.
Turkey women's national volleyball team participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Eswatini's inflation rate is +17.8 percent.
The elevation above sea level of the Kitigan River is +226 metres.
DQ Herculis has the epoch J2000.0.
The Everlovin' World of Eddy Arnold is written in English.
George Van Hoomissen graduated from the University of Virginia.
Joel Pinto played for Sport Huancayo.
The nominal GDP per capita in Burkina Faso is +291 United States dollar.
Choulou is part of the Paphos District.
Robin Williams stars in Shrink.
The footballer Jose Semedo was born in 1979 and he is a member of Apollon Limassol FC.
Ruslan Okhtov played for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The Faenza Cathedral is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faenza-Modigliana.
The patronage of Diamantina Airport is 4334.
Yuri Razuvaev has an Elo rating of +2540.
Bert Badger played for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Dmitri Sheremetev is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Dexter McCluster is +173 centimetre tall.
Blue is the eye color of Abbey Lee Kershaw.
Chiba Prefecture owns the Chiba Prefectural Road Route 169.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes the Maluku Islands.
Lee Hee-joon is a cast member in Legend of the Blue Sea.
Miyauchi Station (Niigata) is adjacent to Nagaoka Station.
Lucius Shepard was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Jean Leurechon is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Kaimar Saag plays for Silkeborg IF.
Sir John Pelham , 3rd Baronet was a member of the Cavalier Parliament.
István Szekár plays for MTK Budapest FC.
Masanori Aoyagi is the chairperson of the Agency for Cultural Affairs.
The right ascension of NGC 7822 is +0.28575 degree.
Nyon District contains the town of Vich, Switzerland.
The Luxembourg Human Development Index is 0.872.
Tiraque Province is located at an elevation above sea level of +3887 metres.
A significant event during the launch of Kosmos 2449 was the launch of the rocket.
Tim Smyczek's playing hand is right-handed.
The Mayor of Barlieu is the head of government in Barlieu.
The number of visitors to the Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum per year is 150000.
Nissim Barda plays for Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C.
Matthew Upson played for Brighton & Hove Albion FC.
The Nuuk Stadium has a maximum capacity of 2000 people.
Epsilon Lupi is a spectroscopic binary star.
Archil Sakhvadze plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
Dean Mason plays for Chesham United FC.
Atlas, Pennsylvania is elevated 345 metres above sea level.
Sherrod Brown was a member of the United States Representative.
The daily patronage of Hatagaya Station is +30116.
The speed limit for West Chang'an Avenue is +70 kilometres per hour.
Marco Martini is a member of the Frosinone Calcio.
The launch of the Soyuz TMA-11 rocket was a significant event.
Rab Shannon plays for Hibernian FC.
Ekene Ikenwa played for Persekabpas Pasuruan.
Gilbert de Moravia was described by source Dictionary of National Biography, 1885-1900.
Eugene H Merrill is a member of the American Oriental Society.
Wuzhou Avenue station is located in the China Standard time zone.
Alessandro Iandoli plays for FC Concordia Basel.
Nikolai Berdyaev graduated with a Doctor of Divinity degree.
Olivier Boumelaha plays for Al-Ittihad Club (Jeddah).
George King ( footballer , born 1923 ) played for Port Vale F.C.
Vladimir Gerasimov ( footballer , born 1975 ) plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Simon Feindouno plays for Al-Shaab CSC.
Sergei Nechay is a member of the FC Kuzbass Kemerovo club.
Quintanilla de la Mata has a population of +147.
Theodore Bikel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Patrick J Kennedy was a U.S. Representative.
Hubert Ashton played for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jóhann Laxdal is a member of the Iceland National football team.
Cyril Collard won the César Award for Best First Feature Film.
The TAM Airlines Flight 3054 is in Spanish.
Mark Bentley played for Enfield 1893 FC.
Fred Coe was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series.
Emiliano Mondonico is the coach of the U.C. AlbinoLeffe.
Mario Adorf was awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Xu Xin ( table tennis ) is ranked +2.
Lin-Manuel Miranda won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
Pavlo Sirotin plays for PFC Nyva Ternopil.
The Dutch East India Company owned the ship Mauritius.
Jennifer Raab graduated from Cornell University.
Jim Les plays for CB Salamanca.
Dmitri Kirichenko plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
The elevation above sea level of Cagua Volcano is +1160 metres.
A Stitch for Time is +53 minute long.
Henry McStay played for the Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team.
The Yelovaya River has a watershed area of +6230 square kilometres.
Anna Behlmer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Marlone is a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Marvin Braun is a member of VfB Stuttgart II.
Eduard Nalbandyan was awarded the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Pyeongchon station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
Li Jinhua is the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China.
Floyd Little is a height of +70 inch.
Gerda Madsen starred in En mand af betydning.
Juliette Welfling won the César Award for Best Editing.
The Awakening ( 2011 film ) has an FSK film rating of FSK 12.
The inflation rate in Ethiopia is +35.9 percent.
Arif Asadov plays for the Azerbaijan national football team.
Lance Frazier was a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
King's School station is located adjacent to Logan station (PAAC).
Tiltonsville, Ohio is elevated 204 metres above sea level.
Apostol Muzac plays for FCSB II.
Anne Vyalitsyna is a partner of Adam Levine.
Chris Fusaro plays for Scotland national under 19 rugby union team.
The Mayor of Blagny is the head of government in Blagny.
Jérôme Scolan is a member of the Sporting Club Toulon.
Stuart Townsend is the voice actor for Robot Chicken.
Heinz Barmettler plays for the Switzerland national under-21 football team.
Girolamo di Benvenuto's works can be found in the National Gallery of Art.
Swadic Sanudi plays for Dynamos FC in South Africa.
Raymont Harris was a member of the Green Bay Packers.
Nasopur is at an elevation of 268 metres above sea level.
Telve di Sopra is located in the Palù del Fersina.
Allan Michaelsen played for FC Nantes.
Tony Godden's club is Luton Town F.C.
Brimbank Park is elevated 58 metres above sea level.
The Brentford Urban District is in the United Kingdom.
The footballer José Goncalves played for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Enzo Biliotti stars in Saluti e baci.
Bimo Fakja is a member of the FK Partizani Tirana football club.
LIRIS is a subsidiary of Claude Bernard University Lyon 1.
The elevation above sea level of Beaverlick, Kentucky is 751 feet.
Arthur Space stars in I Love Trouble ( 1948 film )'s film debut.
Amy Harrison plays for the Australia women's national soccer team.
Hickory, Mississippi is elevated 100 metres above sea level.
Steve Mardenborough played for Stafford Rangers F.C.
Indiana State Road 165 is 17.172 miles long.
Silvia Grijalba is the winner of the Fernando Lara Novel Award.
Alfian Eko Prasetya was a participant at the 2011 BWF World Junior Championships - Mixed doubles.
The Wildhorse Creek is located in Oklahoma.
Chamestan District is the administrative area of Nur County.
Michele Marconi is a member of the Calcio Lecco 1912 club.
Steve Scarsone played for the Rochester Red Wings.
McCoy, Oregon is elevated 167 feet above sea level.
Jimmy Dyer played for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Taipei has a population of 2616375.
Chanute Martin Johnson Airport is elevated 1002 feet above sea level.
The owner of Fort Lincoln Cemetery is Service Corporation International.
La Jumellière has a population of 987.
Rabiu Ibrahim is a member of the Nigeria national under 23 football team.
Carlos Hermosillo plays for the Mexico national football team.
Taryn Manning starred in Lucky 13.
Michael Redd was drafted by Milwaukee Bucks.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science is a member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
The Mayor of Lormes is the head of government in Lormes.
Phil Housley played for the Buffalo Sabres.
Denis Cauchi plays for Floriana F.C.
Steve Redmond played for the England national under 19 football team.
The number of students at Varga Katalin Secondary School is +520.
San Gaspar Ixchil is elevated 1531 metres above sea level.
Gordon R. Dickson was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Novel.
John Hayls works in London.
The patronage number of Marseille Provence Airport is 8182237.
Craig Dove played for Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Abuda ( footballer , born 1986 ) is a member of the Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube.
Oktisi is located in the Central European time zone.
The voice actress Yukiko Iwai is a cast member in the film Case Closed: The Fourteenth Target.
Leandro Simioni is a member of the Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.
Multiverse Music was founded in 2004.
Mills Township in Bond County, Illinois is elevated 154 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Grand Case Espérance Airport is +192285.
Adriano Gerlin da Silva plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe.
Sheremetyevo International Airport earns a total revenue of 28504500000 Russian rubles.
Lorenzo Insigne played for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Serra Nova Dourada is elevated 257 metres above sea level.
Osas Saha is a member of the Sriwijaya F.C.
Aris Limassol FC is a participant of the 2011-12 Cypriot First Division.
Joni Fuller was a contestant in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
The population of Finland is 5165474.
Paul Fitzpatrick is a member of Preston North End F.C.
Paradise Dam (Queensland) is located on the Burnett River.
Timothy Hutton is a cast member in The Alphabet Killer.
The Mayor of Moisy is the head of government in Moisy.
Hassan Akesbi played for Stade de Reims.
The Montenegro national football team has a ranking of +46.
The population of Billings County, North Dakota is +904.
Tennant Creek Airport has the patronage number 22885
The Holden Barina is a subclass of the Chevrolet Aveo (T200).
The mean anomaly for 138 Tolosa is +245.479625483885 degree.
Kiril Dzhorov is a member of the FC Metalurg Pernik.
Estes Brook, Minnesota is elevated 1050 feet above sea level.
Dave Morgan ( weightlifter ) competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Adeshina Lawal is a member of the FC Midtjylland club.
Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center has a maximum capacity of 6469.
The Plaza de Cibeles is connected to Paseo del Prado.
The Scandinavian Festival is located in the United States.
Jess Todd played for the Memphis Redbirds.
Paul Siebert played for the Norfolk Tides.
Marshall Wayne competed in Diving at the 1936 Summer Olympics -- Men 's 10 metre platform.
Peter Honess won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
The Atlantic Ocean has a tributary called the Mersey River, Nova Scotia.
Antony Gormley was a contributor to the book Magna Carta (An Embroidery).
Fraunhofer Portugal is a subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Society.
Clay Armstrong was the winner of the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
Alexander Corro plays for Club Atlético Sarmiento.
Michelle Hendry competed in the 2003 Pan American Games.
Chris Pantale has a mass of +255 pound.
Office Open XML has the Office Open XML Spreadsheet Document, ECMA-376 1st Edition as part of it.
The population of Pudukkottai Village is 592 females.
Geoffrey of Monmouth's consecrator was Walter.
Vyacheslav Ponomarev ( footballer ) plays for PFK Metallurg Bekabad.
Bert Askson played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Inongo Territory is in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Adam Oates has played 1337 matches.
The Brent London Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Otto Maria Carpeaux's language is Portuguese.
Alexandre Moreno plays for FC Sète 34.
The FSK film rating for Underground ( 1995 film ) is FSK 16.
Ana Borges played for Chelsea FC Women.
Polerady (Prague-East District) has a population of 215 people.
Joseph Noulens was Minister of Finance.
Lindesberg Municipality has a population of 23590.
Max Jones ( ice hockey ) was drafted by the Anaheim Ducks.
The Teutsche Academie is published in Nuremberg.
Pascal Mariini is a member of the Stade Brestois 29.
Honey Brook, Pennsylvania is elevated 738 feet above sea level.
Otto Addo played for Borussia Dortmund.
Kaisa Varis competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Imogen Bankier was a participant in the 2005 IBF World Championships - Women's Doubles.
Anthem, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Jan Kalvoda is chairperson of the Civic Democratic Alliance.
Sandeep Lamichhane is a member of the Delhi Capitals.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 has an ortholog called CG11034.
The Hino S'elega is manufactured by Hino Motors.
Shilka River is 560 km long.
Oleksandr Pikhur is a member of the FC Arsenal-2 Kyiv.
Rosa Schapire was described in the book Hamburg Biographies.
Tom Baker is the voice actor for Star Wars Rebels.
Grégory Ursule plays for FC Gueugnon.
Antimony Peak is elevated 6851 feet above sea level.
Poul Anderson was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
The genetics of Asthma is associated with the IRF1-AS1 gene.
Telma Santos is a doubles player in the 2006 Portugal Badminton Championships.
The building Philips Plaza has 8 elevators.
Bill Godley played for Plymouth Argyle FC.
Bella Villa, Missouri has a population of 729.
Kervens Belfort played for Tempête FC.
Jay Johnstone played for the New York Yankees.
Charles Stenholm was a member of the U.S. Representative.
There were 4009 attendees at the 45th World Science Fiction Convention.
Dave Yovanovits played for the Detroit Lions.
Zheng Zhi played for Celtic FC.
Naraguchi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Elena Nozdran competed in the 1999 IBF World Championships - Women's Singles.
The population of General Luna, Quezon is 16526.
Matej Hradecky is a member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
South Ferry station (IRT elevated) is connected to the IRT Ninth Avenue Line.
Alan Foggon played for Hartlepool United F.C.
Mimosa tenuiflora has fruit type Silique.
Montecristi, Ecuador is elevated 140 metres above sea level.
The parallax of Xi Telescopii is +12.6 milliarcsecond.
Borislav Karamatev played for FC Lyubimets.
Brian O'Callaghan plays for Limerick FC.
Solomon Feferman was the doctoral advisor to Jon Barwise.
Roddy Collins played for Dundalk F.C.
The Minden Museum Railway has a standard-gauge track gauge.
Sunday Pops Series has 7 episodes.
David O. Russell won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The elevation above sea level of the Lech river is +400 metres.
Stephen Gough ( footballer ) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
John McGrane played for the Canada men's national soccer team.
Acropustulosis is a type of Acrodermatitis.
The beam of Sea Cloud is +14.90 metres.
Tobu Isesaki Line connects with Utsunomiya Line.
Yury Astravukh plays for FC Minsk.
Yevgeni Skachkov played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Thelon River discharges +840 cubic metre per second.
Count Moritz Von Fries is the patron of Ludwig van Beethoven.
The parallax of PU Puppis is +5.6667 milliarcsecond.
Niamien Rodolph Amessan plays for G.D. Tourizense.
Jon Brady plays for Cambridge United F.C.
The elevation above sea level of the Cikawalon River is +190 metres.
Gareth Griffiths played football for Port Vale F.C.
Chamai Maru Chet Bridge is located on Thanon Phitsanulok.
Robert Bartczak played for the Poland national under-16 football team.
Nicky Salapu has represented Mitra Kukar FC.
Diego Barrera is a member of the San Fernando Valley Quakes.
Alessandro Agostini plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Giorgos Messalas is a cast member of My Daughter, the Socialist.
The owner of FC Shurtan Guzar is the G'uzor Stadium.
Pennsdale, Pennsylvania is elevated 535 feet above sea level.
Sand Dollars ( film ) was nominated for the IFFR audience award.
Andy Mulliner played for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Adilcevaz has a population of 30376.
Murat Suyumagambetov played for FC Ordabasy.
Shlomi Dahan is a member of the Borussia Dortmund club.
There are 4 seasons of Hollywood Game Night.
Yost, Utah is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
The population of Auhagen is +1294.
The Cunard Line owns the MV Britannic (1929).
Rodrigo Riquelme plays for Club Deportivo Palestino.
Planinica (Mionica) is elevated above sea level +559 metres.
The character Asterix is in the novel Asterix and the Falling Sky.
The Elo rating for Evgeny Sveshnikov is +2515.
The protected area of Golden Gate National Recreation Area is IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
James Horner was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
Lanzhou Zhongchuan International Airport has the patronage number +12816443.
Robin Scherbatsky is a partner of Kevin Venkataraghavan.
The elevation above sea level of Dayton, Virginia is +367 metre.
Juan Genovés is a relative of Francisco Candel Tortajada.
Alain Behi plays for Calcio Catania.
Matsumoto Station is in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Abdul Sattar Edhi won the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize.
Stephen Grant is a footballer for Galway United F.C.
Stefan Kolev played for OFC Spartak Pleven.
Luigi Anaclerio's club is Hellas Verona FC.
Wings of the Morning ( 1919 film ) has a duration of +60 minutes.
Jose Luis Deus is a member of the Spain national under 20 football team.
Francesco Brioschi is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Cristian Gabriel Chávez plays for PAS Giannina F.C.
Aloysius Wleh Penie played for RC Bafoussam.
The mean anomaly of 1389 Onnie is +347.15253 degree.
Gitega Province is elevated 1647 metres above sea level.
Olga Vasyukova is +170 centimetre tall.
Sergey Armishev plays for FC Zvezda Perm.
Ramsey, Minnesota is elevated 268 metres above sea level.
Mönkhkhairkhan Mountain is elevated +4231 metres above sea level.
Ben Johnson ( outfielder ) played for the San Diego Padres.
Katra Sambili graduated from the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Willy Boly played for the France national under-19 football team.
Florian Faure played for Oyonnax Rugby.
Emmanuel Cerda plays for Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Roma Trastevere railway station is adjacent to Roma San Pietro railway station.
Michael Armstrong ( politician ) served in the British Army.
Kings Mountain, Kentucky is elevated +1178 feet above sea level.
Valeri Burlachenko played for FC Rotor Volgograd.
The Yelluru Shri Vishweshwara Temple is located in India.
Tootsie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Burlington International Airport is served by the transport hub of Burlington, Vermont.
Baengma station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
Chiltern Hills is elevated 267 metres above sea level.
Desmond Howard played for the Detroit Lions.
Nagatoro Station is in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Crystal Lee Sutton won the Pacem in Terris Award.
Rafael Sanchez Mazas is interested in Madrid.
Alex McCulloch is a footballer for Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Daniel Koffi-Konan plays for AC Arles-Avignon.
Jeff Tutuana plays for Ayia Napa FC.
Harilyn Rousso is on the focus list of WikiProject Human rights.
Patrik Wozniacki plays for Hvidovre IF.
Oscar Engsund has a mass of +198 pound.
Maksym Vasilyev is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team.
The second name in Spanish for José Gutiérrez de la Vega is de la Vega.
Kameron Loe is a member of the Atlanta Braves.
Nishikioka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Johnny Woodly played for Brujas F.C.
Idaho State Highway 13 is located in the Nez Perce National Forest.
Stanislav Rudenko is a member of the FC SKA Rostov-on-Don.
Terence Jeffers-Harris plays for the Calgary Stampeders.
Jack Broome plays for Wigan Warriors in the Rugby League.
The patronage of Isle of Man Airport is +22764.
Clay County, Mississippi is different from Clay County, South Dakota.
Justin Hampson has played for the San Diego Padres.
Richard Agar played for Widnes Vikings.
Ioannis Kanotidis plays for Kalamata FC.
Aki Toyosaki is the voice actor of Spice and Wolf.
The ESRB rating for Virtua Fighter 2 is Teen.
Franz Michelberger played for SV Eintracht Trier 05.
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport is elevated 661 feet above sea level.
The population of Costa Rica is +2052076.
That '70s Show (season 1) has 25 episodes.
The Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory was declared a National Historic Landmark.
Steve McAlpine graduated from Maryknoll Seminary.
Bruno Pereirinha plays for the club Athletico Paranaense.
Osiris Shoes produces clothing.
Patrik Gerrbrand played for the Sweden national under-21 football team.
Aleksandr Kurnayev plays for FC Dynamo Vologda.
Chandelle Estates Airport is elevated 7 metres above sea level.
Freddie Guest's honorific prefix is The Right Honourable.
Ryszard Skrobek has an Elo rating of 2360.
Gyorgy Molnár is a member of the New York Giants soccer team.
Burke Dales was a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Alfred Abel stars in Rasputin, the Holy Sinner.
Stefano Botta plays for FC Lugano.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos plays for Al-Arabi SC in Qatar.
John McGrath ( Irish footballer ) is a member of Tamworth F.C.
The Jake Jabs College of Business and Entrepreneurship is located in Bozeman, Montana.
The National Highway 143A in India is +71 kilometres long.
The Mayor of Dimechaux is the office holder in Dimechaux.
The municipality of Iguala de la Independencia is twinned with the municipality of Merida, Yucatán.
Frank Shu is the winner of the Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics.
Bart Simpson is the owner of Santa's Little Helper.
Isao Yoneda participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Chevry-en-Sereine has a population of 516.
Team Stronach is aligned with Right-wing politics.
The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is published under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license.
Victor P. Whittaker had a doctoral student called Thomas C. Südhof.
The population of Offenburg is 50554.
Arne Zwaig Elo has a rating of +2439.
Uran Kalilov competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The inflation rate for Tanzania is +11.3 percent.
Vladislav Zhuk plays for FC Slutsk.
ALOX12 is a genetic association with colorectal cancer.
Scott Willis played football for Droylsden F.C.
The Campus Antiwar Network is based in the United States.
The notable work of Edith Wharton is Roman Fever.
Birdsville has a population of +140.
Carlos Portaluppi stars in Whisky Romeo Zulu.
The ROM cartridge is the format of distribution of the games, Pokémon Gold and Silver.
Fo Shan Ting Da Bo Gong Temple is located in Singapore.
Tommy Hall (cyclist) is buried in the Abney Park Cemetery.
Petter Andersson played for the Sweden national under-21 football team.
George Francomb played for Barnet F.C.
Mohamad Fares ( footballer , born 1990 ) played for Al-Karkh SC.
Homer, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Kirishima-Onsen Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Ernest Rutherford was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Gerhard Unger was described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Pilip Vaitsiakhovich plays for Assyriska FF.
Little Alps, Oregon is elevated 6457 feet above sea level.
Ellen Burstyn stars in For Those Who Think Young.
Barnard's Star has an effective temperature of +3286 kelvin.
Johann Ludwig Bleuler worked in Scheveningen.
David Brightwell has played for Chester City FC.
Willie Stevenson played for Liverpool FC.
The life expectancy in Spain is 82.47561 years.
The Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia describes Dmitry Karbyshev.
Eric Johnstone played for South Shields FC.
The Mayor of Jallerange is the head of state in Jallerange.
Big Mountain (Oklahoma) is at an elevation of +1145 feet above sea level.
Bruno Gramaglia plays for S.S.C. Napoli.
Pavel Kondrakhin plays for Ulisses FC.
Salvador Artigas plays for the Union sportive du Mans.
Kyle Lohse played for the Rochester Red Wings.
Kubay Quaiyan plays for PSSB Bireuen.
Simone Bentivoglio is a member of the Modena F.C. 2018.
Giampietro Puppi is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Didier Angan is a member of the Ivory Coast national football team.
The voice actress Jennifer Hale is in Tak and the Power of Juju.
Brooks, Wisconsin is elevated 951 feet above sea level.
The Miller Memorial Airpark is at an elevation of +2249 foot above sea level.
The patronage of Dehradun Airport is +92291.
The highest point of Mount Desert Island is Cadillac Mountain.
Frank Wilczek was the winner of the Lilienfeld Prize.
Trayon Bobb played for Morvant Caledonia United.
Gilles Rampillon played for FC Nantes.
Bert Sakmann won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
The California Sea Lion is a species kept at West Midland Safari Park.
Midvale Center station is adjacent to the Historic Sandy station.
Lee Hyun-jin ( footballer ) plays for Jeju United FC.
DS Andromedae has an apparent magnitude of +9.481.
Elionar Bombinha is a member of the Ituano FC.
Alexias' time period was Classical antiquity.
Abdul Osman played for Gretna F.C.
Arthur Nugent played for Darlington F.C.
The Humpbacked Horse ( 1947 film ) is 57 minutes long.
Montecarlo, West Virginia is located in the Eastern time zone.
Lamberto V. Avellana's wife is Daisy Avellana.
Int'Air Îles is an airline alliance with Vanilla Alliance.
Gábor Gerstenmájer plays for FC Baden.
Jacques Anquetil won the 1969 Tour of the Basque Country.
Vadym Shakhraychuk plays for Metallurg Magnitogorsk.
Bayelsa United FC is the club Ebitimi Agogu plays for.
Jacques Ciron stars in The Lottery of Happiness.
Ricardo Lopes de Oliveira plays for América Futebol Clube RN.
The patronage of Dubai International Airport is +23607507.
Javier Umbides plays for Defensa y Justicia.
Andrey Kolmogorov's student was Yuri Prokhorov.
Scandia, Kansas is elevated 439 metres above sea level.
The Marlow Award is conferred by the Royal Society of Chemistry Faraday Division.
The number of platforms at Shawclough and Healey railway station is +2.
Harvey Island has a area of +0.07 square kilometres.
Lee Pearson competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Cotton, Minnesota is elevated 1329 feet above sea level.
138 Tolosa has an orbital eccentricity of +0.162072658521988.
Omicron Persei has a right ascension of +56.07971683 degree.
The owner of the Milsons Point ferry wharf is Roads and Maritime Services.
Kurt Van Dooren's club is Lierse S.K.
The patronage of Essendon Airport is +18836.
Albert Smithson played for Scarborough F.C.
The Country Girl ( 1915 film ) has a 4:3 aspect ratio.
Eppingen has a population of 14645.
Cumberland is located in Edmonton and is elevated 685 metres above sea level.
Billy Crystal was nominated for the TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Movies, Miniseries and Specials.
The population of Lhuis is 910.
Matthew Hittinger was influenced by Alice Fulton.
Diego Perotti played for Boca Juniors.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Guarino Guarini.
Santa Coloma de Queralt has 153 households.
The list of named passenger trains of Indonesia is a list article.
Pomquet Lake is elevated +5 metres above sea level.
The area of Lolobau Island is +56 square kilometre.
Valentin Dartilov plays for OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC participated in the 2002-03 Cypriot First Division.
Daniel Nettelbladt was described in the New Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The administrative district of Visp District is Baltschieder.
Poth, Texas has a population of +1850.
Andrew Hamilton ( rugby league ) plays for Norths Devils.
Denver Pioneers are the occupants of DU Stadium.
Pavel Sitko played for FC Rechitsa-2014.
ASD FBC Saronno 1910 is the team of José Espinal.
Thomas M. Norwood served as a U.S. Representative.
John Jaramillo played for the Colombia national under 20 football team.
Clarence Mitchell Jr. is on the list of WikiProject Human Rights.
The population of Valle del Retortillo is +184.
The University of Regensburg is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories.
Amanda Leighton starred in the American TV series The Fosters.
Pine Hills, Florida is elevated +112 feet above sea level.
The total number of episodes of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson in 1985 is +182.
Simon Feindouno is a member of the FC Istres.
Aleksander Solli was a member of the Norway national under-18 football team.
Bruno Grassi played for the club G.D. Tourizense.
Valcar Cylance 2019 are the participating team in the 2019 Strade Bianche Women.
Steve Ball ( footballer , born 1973 ) played for Bradford (Park Avenue ) A.F.C.
St. Francis, Minnesota is elevated 280 metres above sea level.
Roy Greenwood ( footballer , born 1952 ) played for Swindon Town F.C.
Dr. Jay Loeffler graduated from Williams College.
Ludovic Gotin has a mass of +70 kilogram.
Deon Burton played for Worcester City F.C.
Scott Wilson ( footballer , born 1982 ) played for Brechin City FC.
Laurie Brown played football for Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.
Nana Smith plays with a two-handed forehand.
The topographic prominence of Font Mountain is +213 metres.
The novel Victory is in the public domain.
Ben Roy Mottelson was a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Randsfjorden Line's terminus is Drammen Station.
Alipore Jail has the KMC Heritage Building Grade I designation.
Greenhills Beach, New South Wales has a population of men of +410.
Animax Spain is the owner of Sony Pictures.
Francesco Benussi is a member of the Hellas Verona F.C.
Michael Cacoyannis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director.
Fernando Zunzunegui played for the Spain national under-18 football team.
The orbital inclination of 704 Interamnia is +17.29 degree.
Laluenga has a population of +194.
Richard Whorf starred in Blues in the Night.
Colorado State Highway 136 is 4.469 miles long.
The total revenue of Sakhalin Energy is +314878300000 Russian rubles.
The series Tales from Northumberland with Robson Green has had 3 seasons.
Aleksei Yurishchev plays for FC Khimik-Arsenal.
Lanyu Airport has the patronage number of 47406.
Keezhuvaipur is located in the UTC +05:30 time zone.
David Izazola plays for San Luis F.C.
Mark Charnock is a cast member of Emmerdale.
Marc Mboua plays for AS Real Bamako.
Steve Phillips ( footballer , born 1954 ) played for Torquay United F.C.
The Ilyushin Il-38 is powered by the Ivchenko AI-20 engine.
Alexandru Iacob is a member of the FC Corvinul Hunedoara.
The Fukuoka Prefecture is the owner of the Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 706.
Marco Barbo is Diocesan Bishop.
The Aiken Regional Airport is +161 metres above sea level.
The Group of Thirty is sponsored by Mizuho Financial Group.
Dragan Stojkov plays for Indy Eleven.
Stuart Wardley played for Saffron Walden Town F.C.
Administration Complex Station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
Pomarkku has a population of 2316.
Mario Danailov is a member of the PFC Ludogorets Razgrad club.
The Trenhotel is a service connected to Camp de Tarragona railway station.
Maksym Khvorost competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dahntay Jones plays for the Indiana Pacers.
Caetano Calil is a member of the ACF Fiorentina.
Boonoo Boonoo National Park is elevated 991 metres above sea level.
Savant Lake is elevated 397 metres above sea level.
The population of Huancayo Province is 545615.
Galicia (Spain) has a population of 2767524.
The Mayor of Ydes is the head of government in Ydes.
Alonso Piola is a member of the A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio.
Ethnikos Latsion FC were a participating team in the 2015-16 Cypriot Third Division.
Wilfred Lucas starred in They Drive by Night.
Ilham Jaya Kesuma played for MPPJ Selangor F.C.
Matteo Moschetti is a member of the Kometa Cycling Team.
James Scowcroft plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Adauto Neto plays for Rochester Rhinos.
Punakha District contains the administrative territory of Shenga Bjime Gewog.
Tipishsa Airport is elevated 783 feet above sea level.
Ishmel Demontagnac played for Walsall F.C.
Alfonso de Santa Cruz was an Auxiliary Bishop.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Braunschweig.
Cenicientos has a population of +2110.
The effective temperature of Gamma Centauri is +9082 kelvin.
The Erlspitze Group is elevated above sea level at +2405 metres.
Erik Adlerz competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Yavorsky was described by the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Johnny Carey played for Middlesbrough F.C.
Chris Kaman played for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Goryushino is located in the Krasnoyarsk time zone.
Guido Reybrouck is a member of the Smith's cycling team.
Abukuma Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
1995 Peters International was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Acadia Lake is elevated +55 metres above sea level.
The Hunters ( 1958 film ) has an FSK 12 rating.
The Chalifour River is a tributary of Lake Mistassini.
Mirco Bergamasco played for the Italy national rugby union team.
Billy Felton plays for Altrincham F.C.
Albert Meijeringh works in Paris.
Kiyose Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Geoff Pike was a player for Hendon F.C.
Vodice (Tábor District) has a population of +209.
The Best of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy is published in English.
The 2007 Greek forest fires were located in the Peloponnese.
Manuel Turchi is +181 centimetre tall.
Alexis Denisof starred in the TV series Justice League.
The Worms-Bingen Stadt railway has a standard gauge.
AEM Mesogis were the participating team in the 2001-02 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Stuart Law played for the Derbyshire County Cricket Club.
Tandooreh National Park is in Iran.
Amin Affane is a member of the Sweden national under-19 football team.
Garrett Morris is a cast member of The Stuff.
Ihor Kostyuk is a member of FC Arsenal Kyiv.
Hochheim station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Mohd Faiz Subri plays for Kelantan FA.
Iain Flannigan played for Alloa Athletic F.C.
Carlos Diogo plays for PFC CSKA Sofia.
Martin Lanig is a member of the APOEL FC.
Ron Smith ( defensive back ) played for the Chicago Bears.
Gogrial Airport is elevated 416 metres above sea level.
Jan Schulmeister plays for SK Sigma Olomouc.
Xavier Adibi plays for the Tennessee Titans.
Bridgestone Arena has a maximum capacity of +19395.
Perry Tuttle was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The UFO Welcome Center is located in the United States.
The inflation rate in Tanzania is +6.7 percent.
Soe Min Oo is a member of the Myanmar national under 23 football team.
Soslan Gatagov is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow.
The Ilyushin Il-86 is operated by Armenian Airlines.
The length of Utah State Route 130 is +43.076 mile.
The Revillagigedo Islands are elevated +1130 metres above sea level.
Mena Creek, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Hill.
Lloyd Corrigan stars in the film It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World.
Henry Ezeh played for the Mumbai FC.
The patronage number of Ivalo Airport is 4768.
The Hat Khanom-Mu Ko Thale Tai National Park is located in Taling Ngam.
Caitlyn Jenner has won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Javier Casquero plays for CD Toledo.
Eric Felton weighs 200 pound.
The length of the Semboku Rapid Railway is +14.3 kilometres.
Robin Kay's works are in the collection of Alexander Turnbull Library.
Antonella Clerici is the presenter of Affari tuoi.
Yevgeni Chupin is a member of the FC Sokol Saratov football club.
Jon Klemm played for the Quebec Nordiques.
The Mann Arts and Science Magnet Middle School is named after Horace Mann.
Petar Lakov plays for FC Sportist Svoge.
Matthew Steenvoorden played for FC Dordrecht.
The film Yes Man has an FSK rating of 6.
Thomas Schlieter played for VfB Homberg.
Texas Department of Transportation owns Farm to Market Road 649.
Paulista ( footballer , born 1979 ) played for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
Mikheil Potskhveria is a member of the FC Zorya Luhansk.
Matt Lockwood played for Sutton United F.C.
Speedworks Motorsport was founded in 2005.
Mike Enriquez is a cast member of Philippine Agenda.
Peter Laugesen won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy.
Juninho Pernambucano is the statistical leader of the 2011 Qatar Crown Prince Cup.
Jens Dowe played for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Bert Hoyle is a member of the Exmouth Town F.C.
Ferenc Hámori played for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Andé Dona Ndoh plays for Luzenac AP.
Avril Lavigne is the winner of the Juno Award for Single of the Year.
Khayyam Metro Station ( Mashhad Metro ) is adjacent to Palestine Metro Station ( Mashhad Metro ).
The Belarus national football team has a ranking of +75.
The apparent magnitude of Rho Geminorum is +3.22.
Maxime Josse plays for Stade Brestois 29.
The capacity of the Călărăşeuca Stadium is 2000.
Paddington 2 was filmed in Tower Bridge.
Chiquinho Baiano plays for Niki Volou FC.
Southwick Priory is a scheduled monument.
Fernando Peralta Carrasco played for Sevilla FC.
Sean Evans ( basketball ) is 203 cm tall.
Paolo Ponzo is a member of the Savona F.B.C.
Crescente Errázuriz's consecrator was Eduardo Gimpert Paut.
Gamil Agamaliev has an Elo rating of +2515.
Perry, Florida is elevated 14 metres above sea level.
Bodie Hills is elevated 2871 metres above sea level.
1892 -- 93 Football League had a total of 936 points/goals/sets scored.
The patronage of Horta Airport is +5064.
Sabinopolis is situated at 714 metres above sea level.
Sigamary Diarra plays for Valenciennes FC.
Jorge Silva ( footballer , born 1972 ) is a member of the U.S.C. Paredes.
Zofingen, Wässermattenweg Station is owned by the Swiss Federal Railways.
Thomas Kruse plays for the German national under 16 football team.
Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Filho is a member of the Santa Helena Esporte Clube.
Sandgate, Queensland is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Scott Taylor ( footballer , born 1970 ) played for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Enrique Parada plays for the Bolivia national football team.
Tomasz Baliga played for Okocimski KS Brzesko.
Shea Stadium (Peoria, Illinois) has a maximum capacity of 3800.
Reinier Estpinan competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Birsa Munda Hockey Stadium has a maximum capacity of 5000.
The 312th Cavalry Regiment is from the United States.
Davit G. Petrosian has an Elo rating of 2468.
Iyo-Nagahama Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Melanie Garside-Wight played for Manchester City W.F.C.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari ( born 1983 ) is a member of the F.C. Aboumoslem.
The number of platform tracks at Veenendaal Centrum railway station is +2.
Dave Mustaine is the lyrics author of the song "Peace Sells".
Rufus is available for Windows 10.
Kurt Weill was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
Hiram Garcia is the executive producer of Shazam!
Krasnokutsky District is in the Samara Time Zone.
The United States Marine Corps Reserve has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The Doris Day Show has +128 episodes.
Don Strock has a mass of +220 pound.
Vegetarianism is the lifestyle of Yair Netanyahu.
The Shifting Sands is part of the Deltora Quest 1.
Kostas Kapetanos plays for A.E. Karaiskakis F.C.
Andrei Bugneac is a member of the FC Rapid Ghidighici.
Jason Trifiro plays for South Melbourne FC.
Baden, Switzerland has a population of +19175.
Hélder Barbosa plays for S.C. Braga.
Javier Clemente plays for the Spain national under-23 football team.
George Ford (rugby union) played for England Saxons.
Supreme, Louisiana is elevated +488 metres above sea level.
Gabriel Zakuani is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
The population of Chok Chai District is 82462.
Jan Balet works in Munich.
John Graham is a diplomat whose biography is in The National Cyclopaedia of American Biography.
Miguel Miranda is a member of the Deportivo Wanka.
Colcabamba District is the administrative territory of Tayacaja Province.
Christoph Martschinko is a member of SC Wiener Neustadt.
Qusay Habib is +180 centimetre tall.
Mahbubul Alam is a member of the Dhaka Dynamites cricket team.
The orbital period of Soyuz 16 is +89.2 minute.
Amvrosios Papadopoulos plays for Xanthi FC.
The primary destinations of European route E52 are Strasbourg.
The length of the Allagash River is +105 kilometres.
Daniel Pedro Minorelli plays for the ABC Futebol Clube.
Joe Kendrick ( footballer , born 1983 ) plays for Bray Wanderers F.C.
U.S. Route 400 is part of the state highway system in Colorado.
Luis Monti is a member of the Club Atlético Huracán.
Ernie Carless plays for Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Bobb'e J. Thompson provided the voice for Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
Nikolai Olenikov is a member of the Russia national football team.
The official language of Jeffreys Bay is Afrikaans.
The Emperor's Cook stars Takeshi Kaga.
Graham Newton played for Worcester City FC.
Koyaura Station is adjacent to Kure-Portopia Station.
Pratik Chaudhari is a member of the Mumbai F.C.
The owner of Chiba Prefectural Road Route 157 is Chiba Prefecture.
The owner of the Milzkalne Station is the Latvian Railways.
Larisa Li plays for the Kazakhstan women's national football team.
The elevation above sea level of Pachakutiq (Puno) is 5000 metres.
Mohd Hasmawi Hassan played for Penang FA.
The elevation above sea level of Ikema Island is +28 metre.
Firestone Stadium was opened in 1925.
Daysville, Illinois is located at an elevation of 699 feet above sea level.
Matthias Jansz van den Bergh was a student of Peter Paul Rubens.
The Cromer Links Halt railway station is located in Cromer.
The Matsubara Route is connected to the Japan National Route 479.
William Hakewill was a Member of the 1601 Parliament.
Clover Township in Clearwater County, Minnesota is elevated 385 metres above sea level.
The Nuremberg U-Bahn station Kaulbachplatz was opened on 10 December 2011.
Cristian Molinaro is +182 cm tall.
The population of Vega de Valcarce is 735.
The births in San Luis, Argentina are categorised under the category:Births in San Luis, Argentina.
Jose Ramon Alexanko plays for the Basque Country national football team.
Lisa Smith-Batchen's sponsor is The North Face.
Park Township, St. Joseph County, Michigan elevation above sea level is +255 metres.
Niklas Andersson played for the Quebec Nordiques.
Herbert Read won the Erasmus Prize.
Titus Kaphar is represented by the Jack Shainman Gallery.
Cecilie Pedersen ( Norwegian footballer ) plays for LSK Kvinner FK.
Zoumana Camara plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Henry Seniloli plays for Fiji Warriors.
Linda Cardellini stars in Freaks and Geeks.
Adam Kokoszka is +187 cm tall.
The Cosmos CE2F series is a midget submarine.
Emily Bett Rickards is a cast member of the TV series Supergirl.
Ray Semproch played for the Philadelphia Phillies.
William Morton ( footballer ) played for Durham City AFC.
Bill Radovich played for the Detroit Lions.
Hatcher, West Virginia is elevated 2028 feet above sea level.
Massimiliano Ammendola plays for Crociati Noceto.
Ricardo Buitrago played for the Panama national football team.
Burgdorf, Switzerland is located at an elevation of 533 metres above sea level.
Maastricht Randwyck railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone.
Edwin Gorter is a player for FC Lugano.
Casey Jones ( TV series ) has 32 episodes.
Delfina de la Cruz is relative to Francisco Antonio Pinto.
Benson, Vermont is elevated 146 meters above sea level.
11885 Summanus has an orbital inclination of +19.41888 degree.
Ebina Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Daniel Montenegro is a member of the Club Atlético Independiente.
Mahela Jayawardene is a member of the Kochi Tuskers Kerala team.
Bueng Sam Phan District has a population of 67692.
The cast of Bright Young Things includes Jim Broadbent.
Arturo Soria y Mata contributed to El Progreso.
The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a member of Historic Hotels Worldwide.
Carlos Deltour competed in Rowing at the 1900 Summer Olympics - Men's coxed pair.
Ben Stiller stars in The Meyerowitz Stories.
Otay Mesa-Nestor Branch Library is part of San Diego Public Library.
Peterhead in South Australia has a female population of 609.
Adam Nemec played for New York City FC.
Simone Malacarne played for the Italy national football C teams.
The film Malaya has a duration of +95 minutes.
The Mayor of Cuiaba is the head of government in Cuiaba.
Boudry is described by Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Anaya de Alba is +228.
Candaba, Pampanga has a population of 16036.
People from Floyd County, Virginia are included in the category People born in Floyd County, Virginia.
Pedro Correia ( footballer , born 1987 ) plays for the Portugal national under-20 football team.
Biro-Biro ( footballer , born 1964 ) played for the club Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Tempe Pigott stars in Man of the Forest.
Charles Wills was a Member of the 5th Parliament of Great Britain.
Antonio Moreno plays for the club, Merida UD.
Vaigu is located in Saaremaa Parish.
Pavel Caicedo plays for C.S. Emelec.
Bobby Locke ( baseball ) played for the Cleveland Indians.
Pascal Millien plays for the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Bobo Bola plays for IFK Lidingö.
Mai Khet is an administrative territory in Mueang Prachinburi District.
Roman Smishko played for FC Odessa.
Matteo Guarise competed in the 2018 Rostelecom Cup - pair skating.
Tatanagar Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Steve Burton ( footballer , born 1983 ) played for Kettering Town F.C.
Paul Evans ( footballer , born 1973 )'s club is Rushden & Diamonds FC.
Mikhail Ryzhov ( footballer ) plays for FC Spartak Kostroma.
Davide Chiumiento plays for FC Zurich.
Plamen Iliev ( footballer , born 1994 ) plays for PFC Levski Sofia.
The Sunzha River discharges 82.9 cubic metres per second.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2004-05 Cypriot First Division.
Ban Thi Subdistrict has a population of +9525.
Pollux ( star ) has an apparent magnitude of +0.39.
The Metropolitan City of Bari is the administrative territory of Apulia.
The home ground of ASC Diaraf is Stade de Diaraf.
The population of Baskin, Louisiana is +188.
Boykin, Alabama is elevated +128 feet above sea level.
The Justice Party (Turkey) is the main topic of the party's main category.
Osvaldo Peretti played for Piacenza Calcio 1919.
Davit Benidze has an Elo rating of +2525.
Jim Hagan played for the Detroit Express.
Encanto/Central Avenue station is located adjacent to McDowell/Central Avenue station.
Angadipuram railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
The inflation rate in Honduras is +15.7 percent.
Palazuelo de Vedija has a population of 272 people.
Lee Sharpe played for Manchester United F.C.
Alon Hazan played for the Israel national football team.
Nick Viergever played for the Netherlands national football team.
The population of Francheleins is 1482.
Adam Shaiek is a member of Troyes AC.
Andromeda XXII is the parent astronomical body of the Triangulum Galaxy.
Detlef Schrempf has won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award.
David Gerrold was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
Seydou Koné plays for ES Uzès Pont du Gard.
The Alush Noga Stadium has a maximum capacity of 4000.
The 12th volume of Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie contains a detailed description of Nicolaus Ferber.
Food security is on the focus list of WikiProject Human Rights.
The mean anomaly of 215 Oenone is +4.83020815415958 degree.
The length of Kentucky Route 242 is 10.275 miles.
Iris Tabeling was a competitor at the 2015 Swiss International Badminton Championships - Mixed doubles.
Nariyasu Yasuhara plays for the Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo).
The patronage number of Teresina Airport is 89035.
The main category of the gens Fadia is Fadii.
Liverpool John Lennon Airport has the patronage number of +598844.
David Nègre plays for FC Aurillac Arpajon Cantal Auvergne.
Espeja has a population of 245 people.
Fredric Steinkamp was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
Sergio Gori played for the Italy national football team.
Giulio Benso has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
Roman Zozulya plays for Sevilla FC.
Sangrampur, Maharashtra is elevated 273 metres above sea level.
Printer, Kentucky is elevated 673 feet above sea level.
Ben Stiller stars in While We're Young.
Alan Rawsthorne's student was Lorne Betts.
Belen, Uruguay is at an elevation of 44 meters above sea level.
The Russian Biographical Dictionary describes Ivan Lazhechnikov.
The Lebanon national football team has a ranking of +93.
Billy Konstantinidis is a member of the Pierikos F.C.
Wolf Lake (New York) is elevated 462 metres above sea level.
The 2010 League of Ireland First Division has a main topic called The 2010 League of Ireland First Division.
Ellesmere Island is part of the Arctic Archipelago.
Mark Leiter played for the Philadelphia Phillies.
There were 88 participants in the 2015 La Madrid Challenge by La Vuelta.
The Principle of Moments was recorded at Rockfield Studios.
Alma, Texas is elevated 146 metres above sea level.
Nelson Carneiro was the signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
The Southeastern Anatolia region is shared with the Mediterranean region in Turkey.
The game Joint Strike Fighter is set in Afghanistan.
Julian Symons won the Cartier Diamond Dagger.
Brunei inflation rate is +6 percent.
Virginia Madsen won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Acting Ensemble.
A Soldier's Tale stars Eric Galliano.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes the coin Solidus.
The population of Utzenfeld is 527.
The Italian language is the language used in the original film, Grasshoppers (Cavallette).
The head of government in Slobozia, Giurgiu is Mihai Gheonu.
Daowai District is elevated 119 metres above sea level.
Rolf Rasmussen is a cast member of Sommer.
Fielding, Iowa is elevated 1394 feet above sea level.
Tarrawingee is located in the state of Victoria, Australia.
Thomas Franck ( footballer ) played for SV Darmstadt 98.
Tawarada Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Christine Magnusson competed in the 1992 Scottish Open Badminton Championships - Women's doubles.
Tamazi Yenik plays for FC Dinamo Sukhumi.
Kwanchai Fuangprakob played for the Thailand national football team.
The Soviet submarine K-278 Komsomolets has a beam of +12.3 metres.
Semmangudi is located in the UTC +05:30 time zone.
Jean-Marie Aubry is a member of the Lille OSC.
Maksim Grigoryev ( footballer , born 1990 ) is a member of the Russia national under-21 football team.
The elevation above sea level of Slatterys Lake is +1 metre.
Valerie Adams was a participant at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup.
The HSF Knossos Palace is +214.0 metres long.
David Parnas was a doctoral student of Everard Mott Williams.
Lyons, Georgia is elevated 73 metres above sea level.
The elevation above sea level of Thunderhead Mountain is +5527 feet.
Asa Hartford's club is Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Vadim Bolohan plays for FC Nistru Otaci.
Marcel Duchamp was a partner of the artist, Maria Martins.
Arsen Balabekyan plays for FC Kotayk.
Horacio Erpen plays for U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Brusnica Velika is elevated 152 metres above sea level.
Harry Crane Perrin is in the archives at McGill University Archives.
Mourtala Diakité plays for Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C.
Beverly Yanez plays for PK-35 Vantaa.
Mikhail Gorbachev won the Golden Plate Award.
Andy Bowman played for Tonbridge Angels FC.
The Mayor of La Ricamarie is the head of government in La Ricamarie.
Viktor Melnyk plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
Robin Atkin Downes provided the voice for Postman Pat: The Movie.
Clark Masters played for Redbridge F.C.
April Wine was nominated for the Juno Award for Group of the Year.
Steve Arnold ( footballer , born 1951 ) played for Dorchester Town F.C.
The elevation above sea level of Gangabal Lake is +3566 metres.
Olympia, Kentucky is elevated 761 feet above sea level.
Garbagnate Parco delle Groane railway station is located in the Central European time zone.
Fritz Wunderlich was described by the source BEIC Digital Library.
Alberto Toril played for the Real Madrid Castilla.
Bunny Larkin plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Theodor Leschetizky's student was Ignacy Jan Paderewski.
Iuliu Bodola is a member of the Romania national football team.
Olumide Oyedeji plays for the Orlando Magic.
Zaur Mamutov's club is FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.
Diego Rivarola plays for the Club Atlético Platense.
J.J. Thomson won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
William Rose played football for Swifts F.C.
Yervand Sukiasyan plays for Iraklis F.C. (Thessaloniki).
Richard FitzNeal served as the Bishop of London.
Costas Markou is a member of the Ayia Napa FC.
The Central Denmark Region is twinned with Shanghai.
Kritsakorn Kerdpol is a member of the PT Prachuap F.C.
Tommaso ( 2016 film ) has a duration of +97 minute.
Raymond Felton played for the Charlotte Hornets.
Juan Figallo plays for the Argentina national rugby union team.
Balázs Zamostny plays for Pécsi MFC.
Untereisesheim has a population of 2127.
Juninho ( footballer , born 1983 ) plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro.
The source of the book Pope Gregory IX is the BEIC Digital Library.
Mehdi Zobeydi is a member of the Foolad F.C.
Navarredonda de la Rinconada has a population of 276.
Maksim Bobylev is a member of the FC Shinnik Yaroslavl club.
Jacob Poscoliero plays for Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.
Humayun Farkhan is a member of the Sargodha cricket team.
Sakis Tsiolis plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Christophe Gaffory played football for Stade Bordelais.
Glasgow Prestwick Airport has a patronage of +405042.
IFK Norrköping played in the 2015 season.
The length of Block Island is +11 kilometres.
Sahiti P. Lakshmi Elo has a rating of +2110.
Jo Hyeon-woo is a member of the South Korea national football team.
The patronage number of Hervey Bay Airport is +8952.
David Galloway is a footballer for Leyton Orient FC.
Bertie Childs competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Fabio Borini played for Sunderland A.F.C.
Tommaso Crudeli was a student of Bernardo Tanucci.
The population of Haiti is +5051633.
Dennys Reyes played for the Colorado Rockies.
Mayor of Cathervielle is the head of government in Cathervielle.
Leandro Amaral plays for CR Vasco da Gama.
Marques Batista de Abreu plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Amgueddfa Cymru-National Museum Wales includes the subsidiary Big Pit National Coal Museum.
Kieron Dyer played for Newcastle United FC.
Oleh Mazurenko is a member of the FC Obolon Kyiv.
Miguel Rojas is a member of the Alianza Petrolera F.C.
Agent Sawu plays for Dynamos F.C.
Oskar Eustis is the director/manager of The Public Theater.
Georges Urbain was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Zambia is a signatory of the Universal Copyright Convention.
Marc de Val plays for CE Sabadell FC.
James Stewart ( footballer , born 1885 ) played for Dumbarton F.C.
Artem Galyak plays for FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi.
Thenmala railway station is in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Vesa Vierikko stars in August Fools.
The Horde (2009 film) has a duration of 102 minutes.
Ferdinando Sforzini plays for FC Grosseto S.S.D.
Kevin Finney played for Lincoln City FC.
Annaba is described in Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Ted Hufton plays for Watford F.C.
Dante Mircoli played for Calcio Catania.
Attila Szili played for FC Rouen.
The elevation above sea level in Iron Range Township, Itasca County, Minnesota is 435 metres.
The inflation rate in Kenya is 19.3 percent.
The orbital eccentricity of 2995 Taratuta is +0.1351558.
Frankenstein (Pfalz) station is located in the Central European Time Zone.
The elevation above sea level of DeFuniak Springs Airport is +289 foot.
Willie Naughton, born 1962, played for Bamber Bridge FC.
Berezivka has a population of 9845.
Adriano Zecca's club is Genoa C.F.C.
Tonnerre Yaounde's home ground is Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo.
Jason Mooney is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Ards FC.
The patronage of Cangyuan Washan Airport is +2773.
Hollandsville, in Delaware is elevated 66 feet above sea level.
Panagiotis Katsiaros is a member of the Athletic Union of Larissa.
The edibility of Lactarius sanguifluus is choice mushroom.
Franco Paonessa played for Canton Invaders.
Stratford, California is elevated 62 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Andahuaylas Airport is +1139.
Gustavo Rodas is a member of the Beijing Renhe F.C.
Tom Webley plays for Dorset County Cricket Club.
Alexander Golitzen was the production designer for The Saga of Hemp Brown.
Frank Marlowe stars in Journey into Light.
The editor of The London Magazine is John Lehmann.
Orfeas Nicosia were the participating team in the 1978-79 Cypriot Cup.
Brikama is the capital of Brikama (local government area).
The voice actor in The Fuma Conspiracy is Kazuaki Koide.
Clydie Roberts played for Concord Rangers F.C.
Tatyana Nikitina is a Candidate of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics.
Ha Jung-eun is a participant of the 2011 Swiss Open Badminton Championships - Women's doubles.
Umesh Yadav plays for Vidarbha cricket team.
Daniel McNiven is a member of the Indiana Flooring team.
Jordi Fabregat plays for Hércules CF.
Ryan Shawcross played for the England national football team.
The owner of Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 188 is Kumamoto Prefecture.
The TV series Heroes and Villains has a total of 6 episodes.
The John Mayer Trio is signed with Columbia Records.
The 'Neath Brooklyn Bridge is +61 minute long.
John Petts is a footballer for Bath City FC.
John Howell Collier's place of burial was Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery.
Miyuki Sawashiro provides the voice for Naruto Shippuden the Movie.
The inflation rate in Ghana is +16.8 percent.
Stamatis Sapalidis played for PAS Giannina F.C.
The patronage of Mangalore International Airport is +199957.
Suzanne Davies played for Nottingham Forest L.F.C.
Ruben Schaken plays for SC Veendam.
Seranville has a population of +95.
George Pal was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Roman Udodov played for FC Stavropol.
Hengyang has Hengnan County as its administrative territory.
The Faleme River is +400 kilometres long.
Patty Hearst was a cast member in Bio-Dome.
Shikaka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Dennis Etchison won the World Fantasy Award for the Anthology.
Xemi Fernández played for FC Barcelona B.
Alessandro Marchi is a member of the A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Nicolae Muşat plays for CS Concordia Chiajna.
Marcelo Carballo played for the Bolivia national under-20 football team.
Alberto Escassi plays for Hércules CF.
Hiroyuki Tomita competed in the 2002 Asian Games.
Femi Ogunode was a competitor in the 2010 Asian Games.
The list of hotels in Poland is a list of hotels in Poland.
There are 13105 households in the Central District of Dargaz County.
Shizuoka Prefecture is the owner of Shizuoka Prefectural Road Route 245.
Thomas Gottzl plays for the Finland national under-21 football team.
Davide Taini played for FC Singen 04.
Delta Cassiopeiae has an apparent magnitude of +2.25.
Igor Ryzhkov plays for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
Israel Salanter's student was Simcha Zissel Ziv.
Mosambik Lake ( Ontario ) is elevated 345 metres above sea level.
Jehad Muntasser played for Empoli F.C.
Murat Tleshev plays for FC Taraz.
English is the language of Homework ( Daft Punk album )'s work.
Niko Bianconi plays for S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
Sven Kreyer is a member of the VfL Bochum II.
Lilian Nalis played for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
The population of Bouconville is +56.
The National Theatre Company of China's parent organization is the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the People's Republic of China.
Daxueshan Yizu Lahuzu Daizu Xiang is the administrative territory of Yongde County.
Michael Palardy has a mass of +191 pound.
Hazel Keener starred in the 1951 film The Racket.
The length of Hall Island (Alaska) is 9.7 kilometres.
Yona, Russia is elevated 156 metres above sea level.
The Boulevard de Sébastopol is bounded by the rue Blondel.
Henning Hauger is a member of the Norway national under-21 football team.
Seagraves, Texas is elevated 1022 metres above sea level.
The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups was established on December 17, 1987.
Verdi Godwin played for Brentford FC.
Adrian Neaga played for CS Mioveni.
Logan Botanic Garden has a category B listed building.
The maximum capacity of Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium is +9000.
Justin Moss is a height of +80 inch.
The Palouse Falls drainage basin is the Snake River basin.
Gerald Williams ( baseball ) played for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Bobby Tolan played for the San Diego Padres.
Alessandro Carrozza played for A.C. Pisa 1909.
Raimo Summanen has a mass of +180 pound.
Kristianstad Municipality is elevated 5 metres above sea level.
Michel Benoist stars in the 1962 film, The Seven Deadly Sins.
Simeon Masaba is a member of the Police FC in Uganda.
The population of Mangampadu is 625 men.
Matia Bazar was a contestant in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979.
Volodymyr Hrynyov was a participant in the 27th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Woolley Edge services are provided in the United Kingdom.
Bukit Ketri railway station is located in the time zone of Malaysia.
The orbital inclination of 3749 Balam is +5.38052 degree.
Kudus Oyenuga plays for Boreham Wood F.C.
Lake Manyara Airport is served by the transport hub of Haydom.
Shawn Weatherly starred in Cold Case.
Population: +213. Dlouhopolsko.
There are 265 people in Sezemice, Mladá Boleslav District.
Yordan Gospodinov plays for PFC Litex Lovech.
The book English Female Artists describes Alice Boyd.
The proper motion of HR 273 is -12.669 milliarcsecond per year.
Tarawli Kalan is located at +491 metres above sea level.
LibreOffice is written in the Welsh language.
Marc Libbra is a member of Toulouse FC.
Yuriy Goltsev plays for FC Neman Grodno.
Gedde Watanabe starred in Armageddon (1998).
Toyama Prefecture owns Toyama Prefectural Road Route 297.
Jean Pierre Flourens starred in The Contessa's Secret.
Rasa Komuter station is located in the time zone of Malaysia.
Oak Point, Illinois is located in the Central Time Zone.
Valle de las Navas has a population of 618.
Ulunma Jerome plays for Rivers Angels F.C.
The inflation rate in Thailand is +4.8 percent.
Jérôme Palatsi plays for the Olympique Alès.
Mikhail Yudin is a member of FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Wallonia is elevated +163 metre above sea level.
Javi Venta plays for Real Oviedo B.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 83.
Wanda Landowska was described by Riemann's Music Dictionary (1901-1904).
The Island Federal Credit Union Arena has a maximum capacity of 4160.
Marcus Bean played for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
The archives of Krumbach, Bavaria are in the Stadtarchiv Krumbach.
Fadhil Noh plays for Home United FC.
Wayne Matle is a member of the Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
The Regent Park Revitalization Plan is from Canada.
Waisale Sukanaveita played for the Barrow Raiders.
Mongo ( horse )'s father was Royal Charger.
Holger K. Nielsen was a member of the Folketing.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary is the source of the description of La Guaira.
Scott McBride is a member of the Raith Rovers F.C.
Usaghade is a language of the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Walkers Crossing, West Virginia is elevated 597 feet above sea level.
Mauri Wasi plays for Sobou F.C.
The Fable of the Bees is in the public domain.
Tremaine Stewart played for Waterhouse F.C.
High Wycombe Chair Making Museum is located in the United Kingdom.
Mickleton , New Jersey is located in the Eastern time zone.
The population of La Pobla Llarga is +4577.
Bryan Camilo Reyes is a member of the San Luis de Quillota team.
The patronage of Kingscote airport is 52552.
Margrethe Munthe's brother is Hartvig Andreas Munthe.
Sheldon Brookbank played for the New Jersey Devils.
Rusty Schwimmer starred in Arrow of Time (Numbers).
Wokkpash Lake is at an elevation of +1167 metres above sea level.
Pipra Bhagwanpur is located in the UTC +05:45 time zone.
Parina, Kentucky is at an elevation of 883 feet above sea level.
The University of Sousse is categorised as an educational institution and is the University of Sousse alumni.
Ivan Rocha plays for Deportivo Alavés.
The Detective ( 1968 film ) has a duration of +123 minutes.
Uschi Disl competed in the Women's relay event at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Japanese units of measurement.
Hardwick Hall Country Park is located in the United Kingdom.
Hunter Gilstrap played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC.
Toyama Prefectural Road and Ishikawa Prefectural Road Route 74 are owned by Ishikawa Prefecture.
Thanasis Kolitsidakis played for Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Roy Kay is a member of York City F.C.
The Free Watermen and Lightermen's Almshouses were commissioned by the Company of Watermen and Lightermen.
Muralha played for Luverdense Esporte Clube.
Tiago Alves ( footballer , born 1984 ) plays for Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
Andreas Granqvist plays for Helsingborgs IF.
Stefan Pichler is the chief executive officer of Thomas Cook AG.
Vesta, Indiana is elevated 682 feet above sea level.
Svend Pri competed in the 1974 Denmark Open Badminton Championships - Men's singles.
Philipp von Stosch's relative was Eberhard Heinrich Daniel Stosch.
Peter Schoomaker is the Director of the Joint Special Operations Command.
Amáncio Fortes plays for Atlético Onubense.
The tributary of Cayuga Lake is Bloomer Creek.
Markku Markkula was a candidate in the municipal elections in Espoo, Finland in 2017.
The apparent magnitude of Omega Sagittarii is 4.70.
Joe Morgan (manager) played for the Cleveland Indians.
Luis de los Santos played for the Rochester Red Wings.
Faisal Khalil plays for Al-Shaab CSC.
The administrative territory of Luliang is Jiaokou County.
Márcio Rosário plays for Macae Esporte Futebol Clube.
Marat Safin won the 2007 Kremlin Cup - Men's Doubles.
Pamir Mountains is elevated 7649 metres above sea level.
Brian Lockwood played for the Castleford Tigers.
Rohan Bopanna plays right-handed.
Patricia Norris was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
The elevation above sea level of Steinbach am Ziehberg is +547 metre.
The Mount Khajeh has been designated as Iranian National Heritage.
Claudio Costa is an artist who took part in Documenta 6.
The Arrondissement of Vire is the administrative territory of Calvados, a department in the country.
Tom Wilkinson was nominated for the BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
The patronage of Mercedita Airport is +15926.
Napat Tapketkaew plays for TOT S.C.
Remy Reynierse is a member of the VVV-Venlo club.
Vladislav Mukhamedov plays for FC Smolevichi.
Diyadin is +1925 metres above sea level.
Charles T. Main was the winner of the ASME Medal.
Fabrizia Castagnoli is a cast member of Vai avanti tu che mi vien da ridere.
Steffi Jones plays for 1 FFC Frankfurt.
The patronage of Akure Airport is 5462.
Maksim Stanislavovich Lepskiy played for FC Dynamo Vologda.
Steve Perrin played football for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
The brick Doberan Abbey is made of.
Gurtej Singh is a member of the JCT F.C.
Abdelaziz Barrada plays for Getafe CF.
The administrative territory of Prahova County is Puchenii Mari.
Francisco de Borja Queipo de Llano , 8th Count of Toreno's place of burial is Saint Isidore Cemetery.
The Kyoto Imperial Palace is maintained by the Kyoto Office of Imperial Household Agency.
The composer Engelbert Humperdinck is described in the source Obalky knih.cz.
Fortine, Montana is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Juan Carlos Xama speaks the Basque language.
The Secretariat of Communications and Transportation (Mexico) is the owner of Mexican Federal Highway 30.
Dumbarton Academy is a category for alumni of educational institutions and includes the following people: people who were educated at Dumbarton Academy.
Biranna Diop is a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team.
Lorenzo Pasqualini played for Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Kim Kwe-ryong competed in the 1998 Asian Games.
Harry Hadley played for Halesowen Town FC.
Lucas Bovaglio plays for Club Atletico Los Andes.
Larry Floyd has a mass of +180 pound.
Faysville, Texas is elevated 26 metres above sea level.
Stéphane Adam plays for US Creteil.
The area of Blanchard, Oklahoma is +77.096536 square kilometres.
Blumenau railway station is located in the UTC + 01:00 time zone.
Wilder Guisao played for Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Lakeview, Arizona is elevated 2185 metres above sea level.
Julien Peyrelongue plays for US Dax.
Rodolfo Vicente played for Club Atlético Atlanta.
Rinat Abdulin plays for FC Ordabasy.
Gary Twynham plays for Hednesford Town F.C.
Sebastian Telfair played for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Robert Acquafresca has played for Torino F.C.
Tammetaguse is located in the Alutaguse Rural Municipality.
Craig Pearce won the AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
2016 Suzhou Ladies Open was held in Suzhou, Anhui.
A Flag Full of Stars is about James T. Kirk.
Peter Woodring played for Hamburger SV.
Mohler, Washington is located at +1995 foot above sea level.
Wister, Oklahoma is elevated +148 metres above sea level.
Tom McQueen played for Accrington Stanley F.C.
The mean anomaly of 2927 Alamosa is +162.56265 degree.
The Mayor of Riencourt is the head of government in Riencourt.
Roberto Brunamonti competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Cameron Bright stars in An American Affair.
Ahmed Kasoum played for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Jonas Vandermarliere plays for K.F.C. Vigor Wuitens Hamme.
Craig Leipold is married to Helen Johnson-Leipold.
Samir Hadjaoui plays for CR Belouizdad.
Esteban Fuertes played for Derby County F.C.
Ice cream cones are found in Fiji.
Oleg Dineyev is a member of FC Spartak Moscow.
Don McFadyen has a mass of +163 pound.
Tal Ayela plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Armando de Vicente stars in Yesterday Was Spring.
The patronage number of Francisco B. Reyes Airport is 28867.
Selita Ebanks is represented by Women Management.
Badmus Babatunde plays for ONGC F.C.
Alexander Shevchenko ( ice hockey ) plays for Kristall Elektrostal.
Montacute is located in South Australia.
Solikamsk has a population of 41333 people.
The main category of Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology is "Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology".
The population of Portugal is 9964675.
The patronage number of Swami Vivekananda Airport is +69142.
Lucas Rastello played for Olympique de Marseille.
Stanislav Manolev is a member of the FC Kuban Krasnodar football club.
The patronage of Janakpur Airport is 64703.
Torreya State Park is a National Natural Landmark.
Leon Knight played for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Artur Jakubiec has an Elo rating of +2542.
Carlos Roa plays for the Argentina national under-23 football team.
Westbrook, Connecticut is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Olga Dovgun competed in the 1998 Asian Games.
Andre Boucaud played for Peterborough United FC.
William Brownrigg was described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Jacques Rohault had a student called Claude Clerselier.
Artyom Rebrov plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Stowe's Hill is elevated 381 metres above sea level.
Louisine Havemeyer is the owner of A Woman Seated beside a Vase of Flowers.
Thomas Stangassinger has a mass of +82 kilogram.
Louis Riel is an opera where Dr. Schultz is a character.
The elevation above sea level of Center Township, Wayne County, Indiana, is 308 metres.
The scheduled service destination of Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport is Chennai International Airport.
The Bordj Bou Naâma District is the administrative territory of Tissemsilt Province.
The Bahr el Ghazal River has a watershed area of +520000 square kilometres.
Leonid Smetannikov performs the song "Vdol po Piterskoy".
Harry Cranfield was a member of Colchester United F.C.
Bambuka is a language used in the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Rory Fallon is a member of the Crawley Town F.C.
Caitlin Lowe competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Paz plays for CE Sabadell FC.
The patronage of Storuman Airport is +1012.
Gornyak, Altai Krai, is elevated 270 metres above sea level.
Bobo Djalo is a member of the Portugal national under-21 football team.
Shiodamachi Station is adjacent to Nakano Station, Nagano.
Norman Abramson was the winner of the ASME Medal.
Ben Duckett is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes.
Kazue Ikura stars in Sakura Wars: The Movie.
John Fielding ( footballer , born 1939 ) played for Grimsby Town F.C.
Andreas Rauscher plays for Kapfenberger SV.
Simone Colombi is a member of the Atalanta B.C.
Le Saturday Night Live is from France.
Waikato Stadium was opened in 2002.
Mark Redshaw played for U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Stanislav Khan is a member of the FC Zenit Penza.
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry is a topic whose main category is Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry.
The dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase ortholog is LPD1.
Redland City is elevated +37 metres above sea level.
George Forrester Davidson graduated from Harvard University.
Audi A7 is +1420 millimetre tall.
Vitaliy Fedotov played for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
The BR Standard Class 5 73082 Camelot has 2 cylinders.
The A54 road is in Derbyshire.
Bob Stetler played for the Washington Diplomats.
The first flight of the Avia B-534 was on 25 May 1933.
Stacey Sher is an executive producer on Into the Badlands.
Prairie Township in Randolph County, Missouri is in the Central Time Zone.
Maimatsubara Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Sean Berry played for the Montreal Expos.
Rodney Peete played for the Dallas Cowboys.
Jeannot Bouyain plays for the Burkina Faso national football team.
The station Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof is located in the same area as Leipzig Wilhelm-Leuschner-Platz.
Michael Bradley ( soccer ) played for the New York Red Bulls.
Migen Memelli plays for KF Laçi.
Falkenberg Municipality is twinned with Gniezno.
The herald moth's host is Populus.
Angol Los Confines Airport is elevated 81 meters above sea level.
Berlin Springpfuhl station is located in Marzahn.
Anna Bornhoff plays for the club TSV Crailsheim.
Sofia Gubaidulina was the winner of the Polar Music Prize.
Maurya ( film ) originates from India.
The total fertility rate in Liberia is 5.635.
Tim Coco worked for Scripps League Newspapers.
Frank O'Neill played for Waterford F.C.
Hryhoriy Surkis was awarded the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd class.
Dan Amboyer starred in the TV series Younger.
Granadilla de Abona has a population of 42545.
Werner Lorant played for SV Heidingsfeld.
The bus company operates public transport in New Plymouth.
Razif Sidek competed in the 1992 Asian Badminton Championships - Men's doubles.
The main category of the Provincial Highway 29 in Taiwan is Highway 29.
Axel Schneider is chairperson of Altonaer Theater.
Igualada is elevated 313 metres above sea level.
José Angulo played for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers between 2006 and 2016.
Craig Sutherland is a member of the Cowdenbeath F.C.
Cow Country is 82 minutes long.
Canada has a total fertility rate of +1.53.
Argentina has an unemployment rate of +16.6 percent.
Wiz Khalifa was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist.
Jorge Sampaio was awarded the Order of the Lion of Finland.
Patrick van Aanholt played for Coventry City FC.
Andrea Masiello plays for U.S. Avellino 1912.
Attila Kuttor plays for MTK Budapest FC.
The tributary of the West Branch Delaware River is Peaks Brook.
Barak Levi plays for the Israel national under-21 football team.
The parallax of S Cassiopeiae is +0.8585 milliarcsecond.
Simon Andreu stars in Nero (2004 film).
Rezo Dzhikiya plays for FC Rustavi.
Harry Curran played for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
The monuments in Heumen are known as Gemeentelijke monumenten.
The Mayor of Glenay is the head of government in Glenay.
Smedjebacken Municipality is located in the Skinnskatteberg Municipality.
Davor Landeka is a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team.
Chippubetsu, Hokkaido has a population of 2421.
Gaetano Vasari plays for S.S.D. Palermo.
Lutz Pfannenstiel played for SV Wacker Burghausen.
Alexei Fedorov has an Elo rating of +2540.
Isaac Grünewald's student was Stig Alyhr.
Erindale in South Australia has a population of 581 men.
The 2019 Tour of Belgium had 124 participants.
The patronage of Salgado Filho International Airport is 7691181.
The Mayor of Bergnicourt is the leader of Bergnicourt.
Muriel Bowen worked for The Sunday Times.
Santa Cruz, Texas is elevated 49 metres above sea level.
Franz Heinrich Schwechten is buried in Berlin.
Floe, West Virginia, is elevated 318 metres above sea level.
Andreas Sotiriou is a member of the Cyprus national football team.
Hoidas Lake is elevated +474 meters above sea level.
The Fabulous Baker Boys was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The South Australia Police is located in Marree, South Australia.
Discovery, Inc. owns the Asian TV channel, TLC.
The Sky Tower in Abu Dhabi has 27 elevators.
The length of King Cobra ( 2016 film ) is +92 minute.
Expo This Week has 25 episodes.
The Wilderspool Stadium has a maximum capacity of 9000.
Ronald Rauhe competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Shingo Suetsugu participated at the 2002 Asian Games.
Antal Nagy ( footballer , born 1944 ) played for the club Wuppertaler SV.
Marco Vélez played for the Seattle Sounders from 1994 to 2008.
Henry Frederic Turle's burial place is West Norwood Cemetery.
Yu Rui ( footballer ) plays for Tianjin Tianhai F.C.
Kittisak Rawangpa plays for the club Jumpasri United F.C.
Christer Youssef plays for Aris Limassol FC.
The Kazakhstan national football team has a ranking of +133.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov is described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Eltinho played for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
The population of Jaqui District is +1532.
The ATPase ASNA1 ortholog is ASNA-1.
Maurice Peddelty played for Darlington FC.
San Clemente Island has a population of +300.
There are 946 female residents of Ceduna, South Australia.
Rodolfo Acosta stars in The Lovers ( 1951 film )'s film debut.
Alberto Manga plays for FC Barcelona C.
The patronage number for Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is +4864335.
Hazel Hogarth competed in the 1905 All England Badminton Championships - Mixed doubles.
Matthew Berkeley is a member of Droylsden F.C.
Adi Nimni plays for Hapoel Ra'anana A.F.C.
Sean Flynn plays for Evesham United F.C.
Daniel Carr plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Elmwood, Texas is elevated 620 feet above sea level.
Keith Quinn played football for Waterford FC.
Elliott Frear played for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Stanislav Strebko was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine.
The Colonel ( 2006 film ) has a duration of +104 minute.
The copyright representative of Lucian Freud is the Bridgeman Art Library.
Vitali Seletskiy plays for FC Chita.
Antaeus Limassol play their home matches at the GSO Stadium.
The River Severn has a watershed area of +11420 square kilometres.
The population of Tranqueville-Graux is +101.
Hanns Zischler stars in Angels of Iron.
Undead Knights is distributed via Universal Media Disc.
François Remetter played for RC Strasbourg Alsace.
Marion Isbert played for the Germany women's national football team.
Pietro Miglio played for A.C. Meda 1913.
Luis Bertodano was a student of Casto Plasencia.
Untergrombach station is in the Central European Time Zone.
The elevation above sea level of Fighting Island is +174 metres.
Jingle Ma was the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Cinematography.
The parallax for HD 240237 is +0.67 milliarcsecond.
The main topic of 1994 French Open is "1994 French Open".
Patrick Agyemang plays for Stevenage FC.
People born in Windhoek are included in the category Births in Windhoek.
Robert Duncan McNeill starred in The Chute.
Giovanni Domenico Mansi's consecrator was Henry Benedict Stuart.
Ollie Griffiths is a member of the Dragons rugby union team.
Evgeny Gleizerov has an Elo rating of +2545.
Jimmy Glass played for Burnley FC.
The Sasanian empire was followed by the Dabuyid dynasty.
Denis Shchetkin played for FC Kyzylzhar.
Eva Craig Graves Doughty is described in the book A Woman of the Century.
Vadims Gospodars was a member of the Latvia national under 17 football team.
Anthony Flood played for St Patrick's Athletic FC.
Rashad Sadygov ( footballer , born 1983 ) is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Emanuele Berrettoni played for Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Jeremy Christie played for the New Zealand Knights FC.
Annalisa Minetti competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The length of Ohio State Route 160 is +38.82 mile.
Daniel Linderman is a character in the American TV series Heroes.
Aarons, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Ender Günlü plays for the club, Étoile Carouge FC.
The length of the Taebaek Mountains is +500 kilometres.
The owner of the Belarusian Railway is Pralyetarskaya Pabyeda.
Veronika Exler has an Elo rating of +1950.
The American TV series Reina de corazones has 140 episodes.
Ahmet Dursun plays for the Turkey national football team.
Anton Arkhipov ( footballer , born 1985 ) plays for FSC Dolgoprudny.
Troy Crowder played for the Los Angeles Kings.
Elmer Bernstein was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Kirill Kochkayev played for FC Atyrau.
Frode Holstad Hansen played for Fredrikstad FK.
Kevin James is an English footballer who played for Yeovil Town FC.
Ervin Skela plays for 1 FC Union Berlin.
Sean Doherty ( footballer ) plays for Blackpool F.C.
The patronage of Windsor International Airport is +241684.
Bolivar Municipal Airport is elevated 333 metres above sea level.
Ruth E. Carter was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
The rector of Ukrainian Catholic University is Bogdan Prach.
Luigi Facta was Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy.
Foxleigh, Florida is located at an elevation of 20 feet above sea level.
The Mayor of Bracieux is the office held in Bracieux.
Max Handelman attended the Catlin Gabel School.
Rubén Piaggio plays for Tigres UANL.
Stock Island, Florida is elevated +1 m above sea level.
The population of Bangladesh is +102133217.
Scott Wootton played for Rotherham United F.C.
The Flaming Hour is in the public domain.
Nicky Maynard played for West Ham United FC.
Tamás Somorjai plays for Vasas SC.
The director of Hamburger Bahnhof is Eugen Blume.
Middle Haddam Historic District is elevated 33 metres above sea level.
Andreas Matthä is the Director of the Austrian Federal Railways.
Walt Martin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Castelfranco in Miscano is a neighbour of Roseto Valfortore.
The station Zhuangqiao is adjacent to, is called Yunlin station (Wuxi Metro).
Ghasipura is located at an elevation of +52 metres above sea level.
Yevgeni Glukhov ( footballer , born 1976 ) plays for FC Tyumen.
Constantinos Coconis is the illustrator of Summer of the Swans.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto plays for FC Seoul.
Reuben Gabriel plays for Waasland-Beveren.
K. Schippers won the P.C. Hooft Award.
Caledonian Canal Act 1840 is part of the legislation.
Mike Tredgett competed in the 1983 Welsh International Badminton Championships - Men's doubles.
Anne Byrne ( actress ) has 2 children.
Dimitar Vezalov plays for PFC Bansko.
Armando Silvestre is a cast member of Lola Casanova.
Jamie Staff competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The life expectancy in Cyprus is 79.071 years.
Serge Branco plays for Levadiakos F.C.
Stewart R. Mott Foundation is part of WikiProject Human Rights.
Seaside is the administrative location for Clatsop County, Oregon.
Joonas Tamm played for Trelleborgs FF.
FC Lorient are the participating team in the 2019-20 Ligue 2.
Jason Banton is a member of the Notts County F.C.
The patronage of East London Airport is 49820.
The director of photography for Keep the Aspidistra Flying (film) was Giles Nuttgens.
The elevation above sea level of Moody Tank Conservation Park is +132 metres.
The Mbanderu people are from Southern Africa.
Cristian Cigan is a member of the CS Gaz Metan Mediaş club.
Shizong County has a population of 392361.
Denis Kokarev has a mass of +174 pound.
Daan de Lange competed in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The Thai Song language is spoken in Nakhon Sawan Province.
Hamed Namouchi plays for SC Freiburg.
House Husbands has 46 episodes.
El Hadji Diouf ( footballer , born 1988 ) plays for Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
The film Baby Mama has a duration of +95 minute.
The elevation above sea level in Polhamus Landing, Arizona, is 539 feet.
Naoki Imaya plays for Marconi Stallions FC.
The Kaimanawa Range is +50 kilometres long.
Chestnut Hill West Line is a service that 30th Street Station is connected to.
Robin Tunney won the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.
Tibor Végh plays for FC Veszprém.
Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales is available on GOG.com.
Vadim Shefner was awarded the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Jorgen Pettersson ( footballer ) played for Malmö FF.
Paul Dougherty plays for New York Red Bulls.
Otto Lyng was a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway.
Casey Thomas played for Port Talbot Town F.C.
The inflation rate of Guatemala is +27.9 percent.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The Final Cut ( song ) was written by Roger Waters.
Cameron Delport plays for Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Carlos Alberto Riccelli is married to Bruna Lombardi.
Chensagi Lake is elevated 261 metres above sea level.
Peter is a character in Bluebell in Fairyland.
Mihail Petrov plays for FC Dobrudzha Dobrich.
Charlie Henry ( footballer , born 1962 ) played for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Laverton Airport is at an elevation of 466 metres above sea level.
Kelly Bowen is +72 inch tall.
Andrea Pazzagli is a member of the Calcio Catania.
Fayzabad District is the administrative district of Jowzjan Province.
Moore, Idaho is elevated 1668 metres above sea level.
Ivan Hetsko plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.
Ludovic Clemente played for FC Andorra.
The Chicago Transit Authority owns the 35th/Archer station.
The main topic of Altes Stadthaus (Berlin) is Altes Stadthaus.
Nigatake Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Daniel Russo stars in Mado.
The executive producer of Earth ( 2007 film ) is Andre Sikojev.
Rinat Jumabayev has an Elo rating of +2611.
Nightmare Alley ( novel ) is written in English.
Osterley tube station is adjacent to Hounslow East tube station.
Clarkfield, Minnesota is elevated 332 metres above sea level.
The 2014 U.S. Open Grand Prix Gold is on the list of the tournament focus list of Wikimedia project WikiProject Badminton.
Oleh Mishchenko is a member of the FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Ashley Westwood ( footballer , born 1976 ) played for Northampton Town F.C.
The duration of Live at Montreux 2003 (Jethro Tull album) is +4303 second.
Paint Township, Holmes County, Ohio is elevated 394 metres above sea level.
Nenad Pralija plays for HNK Hajduk Split.
John Casken is employed by the University of Manchester.
Emi Wada was the costume designer for the film Hero.
Patrick Ochs played for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Jimmy Miller was the producer of Parachute Woman.
Fred Fisher ( footballer , born January 1910 ) played for Swindon Town F.C.
Igor Kovalenko has an Elo rating of +2639.
Eddy Vega plays for Deportivo Zacapa.
Albany and Schenectady Railroad is located in the United States.
Grahamvale, Victoria is located in the City of Greater Shepparton.
Hernán Grana plays for the Club Atletico Los Andes.
Houston, Kansas has an elevation of +2274 foot above sea level.
Carlos Llamosa is +180 cm tall.
Sean Connery won the MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo.
Bill Henderson ( footballer , born 1878 ) played for Southampton F.C.
167th Street station (IND Concourse Line) is connected to the B (New York City Subway service).
Simon Wingfield Digby was a Member of the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Markus Grössinger plays for SV Grödig.
Tito Santana is a cast member of WrestleMania IV.
Alexandre N'Gadi plays for Toulouse FC.
Sant Llorenç des Cardassar is located in the same region as Petra, Spain.
Italy won the 2009 Archery World Cup.
Paul Rémy played in the Davis Cup.
Walter Guglielmone played for the Uruguay national football team.
Pablo Sarabia plays for Sevilla FC.
Steve Jocz plays the drum kit.
Bir Kasd Ali District is the administrative division of Bordj Bou Arréridj Province.
Deepak Mondal plays for Mahindra United FC.
Chua Boon Huat was a competitor in the 2002 Asian Games.
The parallax of HR 7703 is +166.25 milliarcsecond.
Michele Tarallo plays for U.S.O. Calcio.
Moctezuma Serrato plays for Club Atlético Zacatepec.
Olga Konon competed in the Mixed Doubles event at the 2018 BWF World Championships.
Randy Livingston played for the Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) team.
The Iceland national football team has a ranking of +97.
Chompoo Sangpo played for Songkhla United F.C.
Wendy Foster is the architect of the Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts.
Johann Smith played for Kalmar FF.
Robert Kodym is a member of Lucie.
Jason Floros plays for Sydney Thunder.
Tanimbar Islands are elevated +49 metres above sea level.
Waleed Jassem plays for Al Ahli SC (Doha).
Olaf Seier played for Berliner FC Dynamo.
Sergio Bustos is a member of the Talleres de Remedios de Escalada.
Doctor of Historical Sciences is the academic degree of Peter Charanis.
The First Battle of Salvador da Bahia was part of the Dutch-Portuguese War.
Breadalbane, New South Wales is located in the Division of Hume.
The population of Villabuena del Puente is +705.
The population of Nong Chok District is +98407.
The Hunted ( 2003 film ) has a duration of 91 minutes.
The population of Mill Park, Victoria is +29710.
Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
Santiago Ventura Bertomeu is a right-handed player.
Cheoljong of Joseon was replaced by Gojong of Korea.
Paul Popovich played for the Chicago Cubs.
Giorgio Barbolini was a member of Modena F.C. 2018.
Vallamand is at an elevation of 516 metres above sea level.
Petar Aleksandrov is a member of the FC Blue Stars Zurich football club.
Mathias Jack played for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Sulphur Springs, Alabama is elevated 925 feet above sea level.
Dafne Schippers competed in the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield.
Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira is a member of the Fluminense FC.
Melbourne, Florida is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Harika Dronavalli has an Elo rating of +2526.
Boris Tessmann provides the voice for Through the Looking Glass in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Goodview, Virginia is located at an elevation of 997 feet above sea level.
Willie D. Burton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Stanislav Tecl plays for the Czech Republic national under-18 football team.
The Queensland Railways 2100 class is powered by the EMD 645.
The British TV series Stepping Out has 5 episodes.
Jeon Kyung-jun plays for Home United FC.
Dollah Salleh plays for Negeri Sembilan FA.
Amelia Alicia Anscelly is a participant in the 2011 Vietnam International Badminton Championships - Mixed doubles.
Alex Afonso plays for G.D. Estoril Praia.
Michel Acosta played for Atenas de San Carlos.
Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Aegina.
Hervé Renard's coach is Lille OSC.
Dimitar Pechikamakov plays for FC Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa.
Timur Bogatyryov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Avnei Hefetz is at an elevation of +200 metres above sea level.
Kryoneri, Olympia is elevated 486 metres above sea level.
Leo and Diane Dillon are the illustrators of Ashanti to Zulu.
Txomin Nagore played for RC Celta de Vigo.
Wanderson Cristaldo Farias is a member of the Clube Esportivo Nova Esperanca.
Jim Leonhard played for the Baltimore Ravens.
Heidelberg Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania is elevated 797 feet above sea level.
Shadowboxing ( 2005 film ) has a duration of +132 minute.
Teri Garr's father is Eddie Garr.
Maksym Trusevych plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Sekime-Takadono Station is adjacent to Noe-Uchindai Station.
Tavares Seaplane Base is elevated 63 feet above sea level.
Yevhen Kovalenko plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
The 2018 WNBA season was the Women's National Basketball Association's season.
Nathan Ashton played for the England national under-17 football team.
Levan Kebadze plays for FC Torpedo Kutaisi.
Richard Steven Horvitz is the voice actor of Invader Zim.
Lewis Toshney played for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Donald G. Saari is the winner of the Chauvenet Prize.
Wilfried Pallhuber competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
El Port de la Selva has a population of 791.
Simon Brown ( footballer , born 1976 ) played for Hibernian F.C.
Andreas Vogler ( footballer ) plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin.
Kali Alaudeen's club is Mumbai F.C.
Chandrika de Silva was a player at the 1995 Sri Lanka Badminton Championships - Women's doubles.
The Edward Harrison Memorial Prize is conferred by the Chemical Society.
The Mayor of Triors is the head of government in Triors.
Eric Bana won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Mirko Taccola plays for S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
The Mayor of Villechantria is the office holder in Villechantria.
Tim Sills plays for Hereford United F.C.
Wollaston Foreland is located in the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Ted Critchley played for Port Vale FC.
Ilha das Flores is at an elevation of +3 metres above sea level.
Kremlin, Oklahoma is elevated 341 metres above sea level.
Cheri Oteri is a cast member of Grown Ups 2.
Avenue de Wagram is bordered by the rue Alphonse-de-Neuville.
Villers-sur-Mer has a population of 2721.
Nélson Fernandes is a member of the S.L. Benfica.
Mikita Bukatkin plays for FC Minsk.
Ganiu Ogungbe plays for AC Omonia.
The chairperson of the Norwegian Skating Association is Aksel Gresvig.
Ana Romero plays for Real Betis Féminas.
Benjamin Raich competed in the men's slalom event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
The director of photography for The Man with the Twisted Lip (film) was Germain Burger.
William H. Hudnut III is the head of government in Indianapolis.
Hikaru Sulu is a character in The Voyage Home.
The population of L'Anse-au-Loup is +558.
Juan Ferreri is a member of the Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo).
Darjeeling Himalayan Railway has a two-foot gauge.
Mathieu Robail is a member of the Dijon FCO club.
Kepler-444 has an apparent magnitude of +10.01.
Simon & Schuster is the publisher of Vampirates: Tide of Terror.
Steinfeld railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
El Rebollar is part of Merindad de Sotoscueva.
The population of Delaware County, New York is 47621.
Bryan Melisse plays for F91 Dudelange.
Dan Fritsche played for the New York Rangers.
Brittany Murphy is a cast member of Cherry Falls.
István Ferenczi plays for VfL Osnabrück.
Andy Sandell played for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
San Buenaventura Municipality in La Paz is elevated 300 metres above sea level.
Pablo Vitti played for Toronto FC.
Jean-Christian Lang played for the France Olympic football team.
Jimmy Mann ( footballer ) plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
The character Lord Jasper Tring is in Me and My Girl.
Mobin Mirdoraghi plays for Sanaye Giti Pasand F.C.
Jack Riley provided the voice for Rugrats in Paris: The Movie.
The University of South Australia is located in Whyalla Norrie, South Australia.
Isques is located in the Pas de Calais region, and neighbours Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais.
Andrius Gedgaudas is a member of Keşla FK.
James Bridges is a partner of Jack Larson.
Christophe Lemaitre won the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Marcelo Guerrero played for Club Sportivo Cerrito.
The population of Chiang Rai Province is +1129701.
Hondlon District is located in UTC + 08:00.
Makkaur Lighthouse has a range of +17.6 nautical miles.
Cesar Rivera played for Orange County SC.
Georges Schneider was the flag bearer for Switzerland at the 1956 Winter Olympics.
Keltersbaumbach is a tributary of Godesberger Bach.
The patronage number of Clark International Airport is +877757.
Hellen Obiri competed in Athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Norbert Hofmann ( footballer , born 1972 ) played for FSV Oggersheim.
Oberweser has a population of +3278.
Thomas Supis has a mass of +187 pound.
The New Haven EP-2 is manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works.
The elevation above sea level in Nordheim, Baden-Wurttemberg, is +188 metre.
The Royal Opera was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production.
Manu Hervás plays for Valdres FK.
Gao Rui Elo has a rating of +2113.
Jota ( footballer , born 1999 ) has a mass of +60 kilograms.
Takayuki Yoshida plays for Yokohama Flügels.
Zakraj, Bloke is at an elevation of +774.9 metres above sea level.
Fabien Boudarène plays for Dijon FCO.
The cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vila Real is the Cathedral of Vila Real.
Beiye Township is elevated 338 metres above sea level.
Mercy Lewis is a character in The Crucible.
The patronage of Cairns Airport is +2690311.
Lili Hinstin is the director of the Locarno Festival.
Kutlovac, Mitrovica is in the Central European Time zone.
Louise Chevalier stars in Une ravissante idiote.
The elevation above sea level of Goshen, California is +87 metres.
Ruslan Malinovskyi plays for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
Joe Oliver played for the Cincinnati Reds.
Ceiba in Puerto Rico has a population of 12218.
Russell Maughan graduated from Utah State University.
Oier Olazábal plays for Real Sociedad.
The population of Torrelles de Foix is +1103.
Moshe Glam played for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Roberto Mogrovejo plays for Defensa y Justicia.
Ismail Morina is a member of 1 FC Bad Kötzting.
Antonio Ananiev is a member of the PFC Slavia Sofia.
Renato Anselmi competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Rodrigue Dikaba is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
Japan National Route 422 is partially coincident with Shiga Prefectural Road and Kyoto Prefectural Road Route 3.
Manfred Pohlschmidt is a member of the FC Schalke 04.
Alessandro Pellicori is a member of the U.S. Lecce.
Piz Toissa has a topographic prominence of +310 metres.
Eric Bokanga is a member of the S.L. Benfica (Luanda) team.
The Arkansas Timberlands are located in the United States.
Haltom City, Texas is elevated +163 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Tezpur Airport is +711.
Klavdiya Shulzhenko won the Medal "For the Defence of Leningrad".
Kristen Skjeldal competed in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2003.
Esteiro Lighthouse has a range of +21 nautical mile.
The food steamer is found in Tunisia.
Johnny Dusbaba was a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Doug Sisk played for the Baltimore Orioles.
Naoto Takenaka provides the voice for Sword of the Stranger.
The Brindisi railway station is located at the same place as the Brindisi Perrino railway halt.
The patronage of Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is +136783.
Naples -- Aversa railway is +10.5 kilometres long.
Cheng Wen-hsing competed in the 2001 IBF World Championships - Women's Doubles.
Renze Fij plays for SC Veendam.
The patronage number of Colorado Springs Airport is +2481098.
Gerrie Mühren plays for AFC Ajax.
Mahovci is located at +223 metre above sea level.
Kim Barnett plays for the Impalas cricket team.
Jonathan Howard played for Burton Albion F.C.
The length of Sadang River is +180 kilometres.
San Salvador is elevated 658 metres above sea level.
Saralee Thungthongkam was a badminton player at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the women's doubles.
Stefan Johansen is a member of the Norway national football team.
Jingdezhen Luojia Airport is elevated 34 metres above sea level.
Nortons, Oregon is elevated +187 feet above sea level.
Iliyan Kiryakov played for OFC Akademik Svishtov.
Zaza Janashia is a member of the Georgia national football team.
The patronage of King Island Airport is +34975.
Craig Stanley ( footballer ) is a member of the Raith Rovers F.C.
Taylor Peay is a member of the Ogden Outlaws.
Ulrich Vinzents is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Johnny Downie played for Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
John Alt is a height of +80 inch.
Bell, Wisconsin is elevated 339 metres above sea level.
The KML file "Metcalfe Street (Ottawa)" is attached KML/Metcalfe Street.
Denys Vasin played for FC Belshina Bobruisk.
Luis Abramovich is a member of the Club Atlético Belgrano.
Abhimanyu Mithun plays for Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Marcel Oerlemans plays for First Vienna FC.
Jorge Espinoza played for the Illinois Thunder.
The life expectancy in Mozambique is +50.007 year.
Stowaway ( 2001 film ) comes from Hong Kong.
The Statute of Westminster 1931 is the law that applies to Mauritius between 1968 and 1992.
Francisco Sanchez de la Fuente was the Diocesan Bishop.
Berrian Mountain has a topographic prominence of 927 feet.
Malcolm Thomas ( basketball , born 1988 ) has played for Austin Spurs.
Kimiko Shiratori played for the Japan women's national football team.
Abdellatif Boutaty is a member of the Stade Toulousain.
Marcel Schied plays for TSG Neustrelitz.
The language used in the Philippines is Villa Viciosa Agta.
Vladislav Kulik plays for FC Rotor Volgograd.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Johannes Walther.
Robert Vidalin is a cast member of Elena and Her Men.
The rector of Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics is Valerii Semenets.
Simple Pleasures is Bobby McFerrin's English album.
Maxime Faget won the ASME Medal.
Rodrigo Ruiz plays for Tecos F.C.
2016 Strade Bianche event had a distance of +176 kilometres.
Shlomi Yosef Azulay plays for Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Roberto de Assis Moreira plays for CR Vasco da Gama.
The Kumano Nachi Taisha includes the Nachi Primeval Forest.
José Manuel Babak plays for Club 2 de Mayo.
Kathryn V. Marinello is the chief executive officer of Thrifty Car Rental.
The length of the Raven River is +85 kilometres.
Billy Bitzer was the director of photography for The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of.
Steve Balboni played for the Texas Rangers (baseball).
Yevgeni Pesegov plays for FC Tolyatti.
Eckert Field Airport is elevated 426 feet above sea level.
The rector of Humboldt University of Berlin is Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin.
Rubén Capria plays for Chacarita Juniors.
Antoine Tassy is a member of the Haiti national football team.
Deon Butler has a mass of +182 pound.
The Sun-Shooting Tower is located in Chiayi Park.
The number of participants in the 2016-17 Azerbaijan Premier League is 8.
The Kanagawa Prefecture owns Kanagawa Prefectural Road Route 75.
Davide Biondini plays for Cagliari Calcio.
Otis Roberts plays for Barnet F.C.
Rocco Sabato plays for U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Upshur County, West Virginia is bordered by Harrison County, West Virginia.
John Middleton ( footballer , born 1910 ) played for Darlington F.C.
The musical Sally stars Rosalind Rafferty.
Ricky Januarie played for Lyon OU.
Sangamori Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
William Robert Colton works in Paris.
John Burgoyne was described in The New Student's Reference Work.
Ardian Kozniku plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb.
Littlefield, Arizona is elevated 565 meters above sea level.
Brundage, Texas is located in the Central Time Zone.
Nick Wright ( footballer , born 1987 ) plays for Tamworth F.C.
Aleksandr Molodtsov plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jorge Manuel Ulate played for the Costa Rica national under-20 football team.
Monoplacophora is the parent taxon of the Protoconchoididae.
Jon Conway plays for Chivas USA.
Star Trek: The Next Generation (season 6) has 26 episodes.
Sania Mirza played tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gustav Siemon worked in Berlin.
Torrington , Wyoming is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Paradise Lost is Paradise Lost's album in English.
The Mayor of Faulquemont is the leader of Faulquemont.
Jim Allenby plays for Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Julia Dent Cantacuzene Spiransky-Grant was married to Prince Mikhail Cantacuzene.
There are 7910 people living in Ide, Kyoto.
Paul Sabatier University has an alumni category.
The number of participants at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was +42.
Amin Younes plays for S.S.C. Napoli.
Ethan Jolley is a member of the Lynx F.C.
Kjetil Osvold plays for Nottingham Forest FC.
Histon railway station has 2 platform tracks.
The administrative district of Mueang Ranong District is Ngao.
Tobias Duffner played for Kickers Emden.
Bradley Bubb played for the Grenada national football team.
Alan Lascelles was awarded the title of Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath.
The main category of 2008 BNP Paribas Masters is "2008 BNP Paribas Masters".
Joeri Schroyen is a member of the VVV-Venlo team.
Niklas Westberg plays for AFC Eskilstuna.
Daniel Quaye is a member of the Chongqing Dangdai Lifan F.C.
Aleksandr Valentinovich Zhidkov plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
R.A. Dickey played for the Tacoma Rainiers.
The patronage of Linköping/Saab Airport is 4696.
Alim Karkayev is a member of the FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk football club.
Lee Beevers is a member of the Ipswich Town F.C.
Neil Harvey played for Hednesford Town FC.
The population of Winnenden is 24655.
Anton Kostadinov plays for FC Montana.
Lewis Young plays for Yeovil Town FC.
Oguchi Uche plays for Enyimba International FC.
The inspiration for Franck Lepage was Karl Marx.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 32.
Vampeta is a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
The population of Hesperange is +12395.
Mike Perkins is the illustrator of Ruse (comics).
Panagiotis Spyropoulos plays for Niki Volou FC.
Andy McGuigan is a member of the Port Vale F.C.
Ismo Lius plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, has 2 children.
Frank McEwen attended Mill Hill School.
Arne Feick played for the Germany national under 20 football team.
Marcus Richardson is a player for Harrow Borough FC.
The patronage of Salamanca Airport is +22718.
John Paterson ( footballer ) played for Leicester City F.C.
Giuseppe Alessi ( footballer ) is a member of the S.S.C. Napoli.
Eta Microscopii has an apparent magnitude of +2.596.
Sydney Trains operates the Bankstown Line.
Lev Aptekar has an Elo rating of +2240.
Andy Marriott is a member of the Nottingham Forest F.C.
Osip Senkovsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Randall William Cook was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
The Starpoint Gemini uses the computer keyboard.
Viktor Mikhalchuk was awarded the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class.
Souleymane Youla plays for the Guinea national football team.
Harib Al-Habsi plays for the Oman national football team.
Sergei Kosov played for Columbus Crew SC.
Ohio State Route 363 is +1.43 mile long.
The Elo rating of Stanislav Savchenko is +2526.
Sergei Kovalev was awarded the Officer of the Legion of Honour award.
Yevgeni Varlamov is a member of the FC Kuban Krasnodar club.
Fritz Weiss was in the Theresienstadt Ghetto.
Eduardo Ribeiro dos Santos plays for RC Lens.
Brian Deane plays for Sheffield United F.C.
The elevation above sea level of Gladstone, Queensland, is +21 metres.
Fabián Bordagaray played for Defensa y Justicia.
Chris Illingworth is part of GoGo Penguin.
The Joker ( 1960 film ) stars Marcel Gassouk.
Deborah Richter starred in the film Winners Take All.
Carrie Preston is a cast member of The Good Wife.
Steve Buscemi was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male.
Dmitry Ignatenko, born in 1969, plays for FC Luch Vladivostok.
Neustrelitz -- Warnemünde railway's terminus is Neustrelitz.
Harry Penk played for Wigan Athletic F.C.
Jon Knudsen plays for FC Midtjylland.
Roberto Cortese played for A.S.D.P. Ribera 1954.
Lenzburg is elevated 413 metres above sea level.
Bebe Neuwirth stars in The Good Fight.
Sandip Trivedi was a doctoral student of John Preskill.
Omar Sowunmi plays for Braintree Town F.C.
Mick Mahon's club is North Shields F.C.
German Avenue Road is located in Saxony.
The population of Sostis is +1176.
Arad County contains the Administrative Territory of Dezna.
The Townline Tunnel crosses the Welland Canal.
Nathan Paulse plays for Ajax Cape Town F.C.
John Vogel was a contributor to the Catholic Encyclopedia.
Sofie De Vuyst is a member of the Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.
Jimmy Argue played football for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Alex Pineda Chacón plays for LA Galaxy.
Wiesen, Austria is the administrative territory of Mattersburg District.
The time zone for Omsukchan is Vladivostok time.
Andy Sayer played for Fulham F.C.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Serampore.
Catuji Human Development Index is 0.621.
Thomas Mavros played for Panionios F.C.
Miah Dennehy plays for Waterford F.C.
The patronage of Kota Airport is +215.
Soh Wooi Yik competed in the 2018 BWF World Championships - Men's doubles.
Georgi Kaloyanov is a member of the PFC Burgas.
Conor Ramsay plays for Arthurlie FC.
Hong Kong is a signatory of the Berne Convention.
Collado de la Vera has a population of +181.
Stefan Halper graduated from Stanford University.
Miguel Herlein's club is the Recreativo Granada.
John Brown ( footballer , born 1947 ) plays for Stockport County F.C.
Martin McNeil is a member of the Torquay United F.C.
Hristijan Dragarski is a member of the FK Radnik Surdulica.
Jonas Lindberg played for Varbergs BoIS.
The Misumi Line connects with Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 50.
Montenegro has a total fertility rate of +1.875.
John Morris ( cricketer ) played for the England cricket team.
Matthias Morys plays for VfB Stuttgart II.
The population of Vallda is +913.
Mikkel Andersen played for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mario Cáceres plays for FC St. Gallen.
The Independencia Department is the administrative territory of La Rioja Province, Argentina.
The length of Branisko Tunnel is +1,4975 metres.
The population of Lapu-Lapu, Philippines is +217019.
Lusk, Tennessee is located at an elevation of +801 foot above sea level.
Iwate Prefecture owns the Iwate Prefectural Road Route 225.
The tributary of the Bolshoy Salym River is Chupa.
Antron Dillon has a mass of +270 pound.
Aleksei Trinitatskiy plays for FSC Dolgoprudny.
Stephan Loboué plays for SC Paderborn 07.
Batman Returns was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Fuxian Lake is +30 km long.
Pingfeng Mountain is elevated at 325 metres above sea level.
Muscat is elevated +69 metre above sea level.
Suradej Saotaisong plays for Police Tero F.C.
Cory Gibbs played for the New England Revolution.
Julianne Moore is the winner of the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead.
Belle Valley, Ohio is elevated 227 metres above sea level.
Saeed Al-Zahrani plays for Al-Wehda Club in Mecca.
Evan Bates competed at the 2019 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Ice dancing.
Wells Fargo Center (Los Angeles) includes the Wells Fargo Tower.
Cec Edey played for the club Macclesfield Town F.C.
The National Park Service maintains the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore.
John Fishbaugher played for the Kitsap Pumas.
Perth railway station (Scotland) is adjacent to Ladybank railway station.
Thiouthioune is elevated 23 metres above sea level.
Jack Obersteller played for Grays Athletic F.C.
San Benedetto del Tronto is twinned with Alfortville.
Gutach im Breisgau has a population of 3498.
Poinville has a population of +144.
The Rio de Janeiro Metro has a Line 1 line.
Sanma Province uses the Tasmate language.
Gavin Strachan plays for Corby Town F.C.
Marian Ilitch founded Ilitch Holdings.
Mike Williamson ( footballer ) played for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
The Japan National Route 313 is maintained by Hiroshima Prefecture.
Sandy Sanchez plays for the CF Granma club.
Chris Brown ( footballer , born 1984 ) played for Norwich City F.C.
Paracetamol has a mass of +151.063 dalton.
PJ Marsh plays for the New Zealand Warriors.
There are 12 elevators in the James Monroe Building.
Andreas Hilfiker played for FC Aarau.
Chinna Rajulagumada has 419 households.
The elevation above sea level of MacAskills Lake is +192m.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference was founded by Saeima.
The duration of Inside Fighting China is 22 minutes.
Livio Pin plays for Udinese Calcio.
Domenico Bianconi was the consecrator of Aurelio Bacciarini.
The season for La Roue Tourangelle starts in April.
The population of Diyala Governorate is +1371035.
The population of Walldorf is +14592.
Luke O'Neill played for the England national under-17 football team.
Documenta 5 included Werner Schroeter among its participants.
The Prayag - Bareilly Express is an express train in India.
Joel Filani played for the Tennessee Titans.
Canaseraga Creek's watershed area is 334 square mile.
Wang Wei was a competitor in the badminton doubles at the 2002 Asian Games.
The R Coronae Australis is an infrared source.
Adrian Viveash played for Swindon Town FC.
The patronage of Strasbourg Airport is +964000.
Misbun Sidek was a participant at the 1980 IBF World Championships where 1980 IBF World Championships -- Men 's Doubles won the bronze medal.
Sergi Darder is a member of the Spain national under 21 football team.
Clifford Heap played for Burnley FC.
David Chipperfield won the European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards.
Dave Beasant played for the England national football team.
Francisco Zuela is a member of the Xanthi F.C.
Mike Ambersley played for the St. Louis Strikers.
Randy Kuhl was a member of the New York State Assembly.
Toshiharu Sakurai is the voice actor of Kaiji (manga).
Frank Richardson ( footballer , born 1897 ) played for West Ham United F.C.
Royersford, Pennsylvania is elevated 239 feet above sea level.
The population of Fiji is 754923.
Ariel Damian Grana plays for CD Toledo.
Fritz Lindemann was awarded the Order of the Crown in Romania.
The Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm's installed capacity is +402 megawatts.
Paul Adelstein starred in the TV series Medium.
Chris Rogers ( cricketer ) plays for the Australia national cricket team.
Sonny Pike played for Barnet F.C.
David Bruno plays for FC Porto B.
Bruno Koagne Tokam plays for Odivelas F.C.
The Software and Information Industry Association was created in 1984.
Dean Chandler played for Woking F.C.
Thomas Birtles played for Barnsley FC.
The Nemansky District is the administrative territory of Kaliningrad Oblast.
Lithuania's national football team has a ranking of +98.
Himekawa Station (Niigata) is adjacent to Itoigawa Station.
Gershon Koffie is a member of the International Allies F.C.
Kadov (Znojmo District) is located in the Znojmo District, and shares borders with Petrovice (Znojmo District).
Fort Sill is a National Historic Landmark.
Kelantan FA is the team that played in the 2011 season.
Oliver Grainger is the voice actor for the TV series Arthur.
Mikhail Alfimov plays for FC Yelets.
Hoyershausen is elevated 142 metres above sea level.
Samir Subash Naik is a member of the India national football team.
The periapsis of STS-60 is +348 kilometres.
Granvin is the jurisdiction of Hardanger District Court.
Matthias Peßolat plays for Chemnitzer FC.
Adam Sandler starred in The Wedding Singer.
Jawad Williams played for Hapoel Jerusalem B.C.
Jason Ward played for the New York Rangers.
Federico Nanni is a member of the San Marino national football team.
Peter Tempesta's sister was Maria of Naples.
Jonathan Filewich has a mass of +208 pound.
Pavel Loskutov competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kearney, Missouri is located at an elevation of 261 metres above sea level.
Lester Conner is a member of the Rapid City Thrillers.
Luck, North Carolina is elevated 780 metres above sea level.
Youngs Bottom, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Leo White is a cast member of Little Miss Thoroughbred.
The Elms, Derbyshire is located within the United Kingdom.
The 2nd Spetsnaz Brigade was involved in the Second Chechen War.
The film Union Maids was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The Remains of the Day ( film ) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
Ty Shipalane played for the Richmond Kickers.
Laura Linney provides the voice for Arthur Christmas.
The character Steve Wilkos in Jerry Springer: The Opera.
Heiwajima Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Ed Olwine played for the Norfolk Tides.
Pope Paul V was the consecrator of Alessandro Petrucci.
The presenter of Miss World 2013 was Myleene Klass.
2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg -- Doubles is a part of the 2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg.
Gilles Sunu is a member of the Derby County F.C.
Winslow, Arkansas is elevated 527 metres above sea level.
Pentala Harikrishna has an Elo rating of +2741.
The film Sleeping Beauty ( 1987 film ) is based on the novel The Beauty Sleeping in the Wood.
Duffy Cobbs has a mass of +178 pound.
Vanderson Stolk Francisco played for Central Sport Club.
Svoboda in Burgas Province is elevated 24 metres above sea level.
Oleksandr Koval is a member of the FC Metalurh Donetsk team.
Oliver Springs, Tennessee is elevated +243 metres above sea level.
Ivan Petkov is a member of the FC Kaliakra Kavarna.
The elevation above sea level of the Rehburg Hills is 138 metres.
La Chapelle-Yvon has a population of 525.
Peng Bunchay plays for Boeung Ket Angkor FC.
Vuarennes station is owned by the Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway.
Julio Marchant played for Boca Juniors.
The Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia describes Wang Mang.
Guido Balsamo Stella's works are in the Nationalmuseum.
The adjacent station to Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is the Gare de Gannat.
The population of Devanakonda is +10493.
The inflation rate in Estonia is +3.9 percent.
The South Asian Federation of Accountants is an international organization.
State Route 343 is 18.45 miles long and is located in New York and Connecticut.
Pavel Bugalo plays for the Uzbekistan national football team.
Joel Sanchez ( Mexican footballer ) plays for CD Guadalajara.
Kagawa Prefecture owns Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 24.
Sofiane Ben Braham plays for Amiens AC.
The elevation above sea level of Faryab Province is 584 metres.
Doug Beach played for Colchester United F.C.
Hristo Yanev played for PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.
The Parc Naturel Régional de la Chartreuse is located in Barraux.
Vaja has a population of 3515.
The population of Altbach is 5559.
Bridget Malcolm is represented by The Society Management.
Stockport, Iowa is elevated +229 metres above sea level.
Ludlow is the administrative town in Aroostook County, Maine.
Chandler Catanzaro is +191 centimetre tall.
Leigh Jakes played for Kokkola Futis 10.
Xiangtan North railway station has 3 platform tracks.
The Exhibition Stadium cost +17600000 Canadian dollar.
Artem Simonyan plays for the Armenia national football team.
Dimitris Karademitros plays for Apollon Smyrni F.C.
The number of platform tracks at Kita-Urawa Station is +2.
Shimane Prefecture is the owner of Shimane Prefectural Road Route 310.
The 26th Division of the German Empire was located in Stuttgart.
Marcello Boldrini is described by the source BEIC Digital Library.
The consecrator of Roger Morin was Francis B. Schulte.
Gregory III Laham was the consecrator of Youssef Absi.
The patronage number of Sydney Airport is 6813214.
Dennis Schmidt plays for the TSV Meerbusch club.
Fraunhofer Society's subsidiary is the Fraunhofer Institute for Photonic Microsystems.
The elevation above sea level of Lake Gardner Seaplane Base is +87 foot.
Javier Bardem was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Actor.
Hakim Warrick plays for Phoenix Suns.
Pennsylvania Route 445 is +11.998 mile long.
John William Strutt , 3rd Baron Rayleigh is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of the Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C.
Agustin Torassa plays for Chacarita Juniors.
Burundi's national football team is ranked +112.
The Vercelli railway station is adjacent to the San Germano Vercellese train station.
Highlander: The Series stars the character Darius.
Frans Badens works in Amsterdam.
The total revenue of the Rhode Island Historical Society is +6520752 U.S. dollar.
Waldeck Ornelas is the signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
Fausto Fernandes signed the Constitution of Brazil.
John Fleming ( footballer , born 1890 ) played for Newcastle United F.C.
The patronage of Roskilde Airport is 30252.
The Mayor of Saessolsheim is the head of government in Saessolsheim.
Anatoli Kozhemyakin has a mass of +78 kilogram.
Eswatini life expectancy is +47.805 year.
Salmon Falls, California is elevated 469 feet above sea level.
Kelve Road railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Sarah Wagenfuhr played for the Western New York Flash.
The owner of Nagano Prefectural Road Route 183 is Nagano Prefecture.
Andre Gomes plays for FC Barcelona.
Jeff Francis played for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Nick Ingman attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
900 South station is maintained by the Utah Transit Authority.
Clayton Township, Perry County, Ohio is elevated 299 metres above sea level.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction was won by Fatboy Slim.
Gunma Prefecture owns Gunma Prefectural Road Route 222.
Roman Oreshchuk is a member of the PFC CSKA Moscow football club.
Yani Urdinov plays for the Belgium national under 17 football team.
Simona Quadarella competed at the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships.
Jordan Kirkpatrick played for Dumbarton FC.
Jermaine Jackson ( basketball ) played for the Great Lakes Storm.
J. Smith-Cameron stars in The Equalizer.
Asempa FM has a frequency of +94.7 megahertz.
Frank Martin (mayor) is an English speaker.
Sara Bronfman's brother is Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Sven Dodlek played for the Slovenia national under 17 football team.
The game mode Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. is a single player video game.
Supriyadi ( footballer ) played for Persitara Jakarta Utara.
Shanghai Express ( film ) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Gibralter Hill is elevated +483 metres above sea level.
The station Ludwigsfelde-Struveshof has 2 platform tracks.
Freddie Woodman played for Crawley Town F.C.
The fictional universe of Donald Duck is described in Trash or Treasure.
Pat Heard played for Rotherham United F.C.
Wally Schang played for the Boston Red Sox.
Wilman Conde plays for the S.D. Aucas team.
Tony Bird ( footballer , born 1974 )'s club is Cardiff City F.C.
The total fertility rate of North Korea is +1.991.
The duration of Freck Langsam is +84 minute.
Emiliano Bigica is a member of the Mantova 1911 S.S.D.
John Baldwin is a figure skater's partner and Rena Inoue is one of her partners.
Sorin Cârţu played for CS Universitatea Craiova.
Ken Wallace (canoeist) competed in canoeing at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The gestation period for the common shrew is +20 days.
Sif Ruud is a cast member in Sommar och syndare.
The effective temperature of Theta Centauri is +4755 kelvin.
Elisabeth Risdon is a cast member of The Roaring Twenties.
Jaime Navarro played for the Chicago Cubs.
The Stranger ( 1987 film ) stars Milton James.
The length of the Liteyny Bridge is +396 metres.
Henrique Loureiro dos Santos plays for the Esporte Clube Bahia.
Nikola Marinov's student is Ilija Petrov.
Ian Muir played for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
The inflation rate of El Salvador is 9.8 percent.
The Mayor is the head of government in Iba, Zambales.
Marco Rossi ( footballer , born 1987 ) is a member of the Robur Siena club.
Hagens Berman Axeon 2019 are a team that competed in the 2019 Tour of Utah.
Viking Stadion has a maximum capacity of 16300.
The patronage of Barra Airport is 8486.
Jamie McQuilken plays for St Johnstone F.C.
Bates County, Missouri is bordered by Cass County, Missouri.
Colin Blakely is a character in Red Monarch.
Matthias Lehmann plays for VfB Stuttgart II.
Dimitrios Verginis played for Panathinaikos BC.
Vladimir Kazakov plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Shlomi Avisidris plays for Hapoel Ironi Safed F.C.
Serge Djiehoua plays for Stella Club d'Adjamé.
Ronen Harazi played for the Israel national football team.
The French language is used in the creation of the games, Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire.
Jim Barron played for Peterborough United F.C.
The Ball's Bluff Battlefield and National Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ramon Rivas was a participant in the 1990 FIBA World Championship.
Ken Loach won the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Andrea Gasbarroni plays for the Italian national under-18 football team.
Fabio Lauria plays for Parma Calcio 1913.
New Harmony, Utah is located at an elevation of 1617 metres above sea level.
Sky Office Tower is 22 floors above ground.
Ryan Baldacchino plays for Hume City FC.
Maure, Pyrénées-Atlantiques has a population of +112.
Villenbach is an administrative district of Dillingen.
Tony Smith ( basketball ) plays for the Phoenix Eclipse.
Ichikawa-Hommachi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time Zone.
Andy Kennedy ( footballer , born 1964 )'s former clubs include Sheffield United F.C.
The focus list of Camille Patha is the Wikimedia project Art + Feminism.
Banj is in the Zadar County in Croatia.
The patronage of Porto Santo Airport is +1083.
Artyom Kulishev plays for FC Vityaz Podolsk.
Bojan Djordjic is a member of the Aarhus Gymnastikforening club.
Andrzej Kubica plays for Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Marianne Vos won the 2010 Giro d'Italia Femminile.
Amir Hossein Yousefi plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
Walter Tyndale worked in Paris.
Juanjo is a member of the Santiago Futsal team.
Taylor Pyatt played for the Buffalo Sabres.
Adam Stachowiak played for Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Jan Justus Enschede's brother was Frederik Eduard Enschede.
Randy Niemann played for the Minnesota Twins.
The fruit type of Alnus cremastogyne is nucule.
Milano Certosa railway station is located in the Central European summer time zone.
Luke McAlister plays for Sale Sharks.
The ABNT NBR 15607 is a technical standard.
Fawangsi is the administrative territory of Hejiang County.
Marshall Soper played for the Australia national soccer team.
Tol Air was founded in 1981.
NGC 5679 Group has an apparent magnitude of +12.200.
Andre Luciano da Silva is a member of Sport Club Internacional.
Morten Christensen stars in This Life.
Olympiakos Nicosia were the participating team in the 1954-55 Cypriot First Division.
Eaton Square is connected to Lyall Street.
Krasnoyarsk time is the time zone of Zyryansky District.
Antun Kovacic plays for Oakleigh Cannons FC.
Ricardinho Paraiba plays for Valeriodoce Esporte Clube.
The population of Pontassieve is 20646.
Efosa Eguakun played for the Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Paulo Henrique Carneiro Filho plays for the Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Albert Hall ( athlete ) competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nitish Kumar was the Chief Minister of Bihar.
Winterthur Wallrüti railway station is elevated 458 metres above sea level.
Eugene Chung is +193 centimetres tall.
Ishikari-Tsukigata Station is located adjacent to Chiraiotsu Station.
Mariángel Ruiz is the presenter of Miss Venezuela 2012.
Vladimir Golmak's coach is FC SKVICH Minsk.
The Small Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes the Kymi River.
Simone Borgheresi won the 2000 Giro del Trentino.
Boomahnoomoonah is an administrative territory in County of Moira.
Gustavo Bastos plays for ABC Futebol Clube.
Georgi Kanev competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Kamarul Effandi's club is Perak FA.
Daniel Waenga's club is the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union.
Harvard University is the school David Chadwick Smith graduated from.
Brian Vandenbussche plays for the club Brugge KV (women).
Erftstadt is elevated 94 metres above sea level.
The 1992 Leeds City Council election followed the 1991 Leeds City Council election.
Rio Grande City, Texas is elevated 53 metres above sea level.
Silvio Pagano played for Wuppertaler SV.
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for JEF United Chiba.
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania is a subsidiary of Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
Drew Powell is a cast member of Twisted.
Podgora, Dobrepolje is elevated 438.9 metres above sea level.
Robert Baxter Llewelyn served as the Administrator of Grenada.
The right ascension of NGC 6210 is +251.1229983222050 degree.
The apparent magnitude of S Coronae Australis is +11.76.
Berrilee, New South Wales is elevated +182 m above sea level.
Sascha Lenhart plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
Haixia Olympic Center has a maximum capacity of 60000.
The Tuska Open Air Metal Festival is held in VR warehouses.
Eynsham railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Parli Vaijnath railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Ramon Sinkeldam is +193 centimetre tall.
The original language of The Tunnel ( 2009 film ) is Shona language.
The population of Keilor North, Victoria is 34 females.
The elevation above sea level of Walnut Springs, Texas is +278m.
Ruslan Khubetsov played for FC Elista.
Chozas de Abajo has a population of 2449.
The film Duck stars Bill Cobbs.
Lilian Astier is a member of the FC Mulhouse football club.
Patrick Galbraith ( ice hockey ) played for Frölunda HC.
The aspect ratio of Deadfall ( 2012 film ) is 2.35:1.
Mulgi is a dialect of South Estonian.
Darryl Shannon played for the Winnipeg Jets between 1972 and 1996.
Marlon Moore weighs +190 pound.
Sophia Kokosalaki was born in Athens, Greece in 1972. She graduated from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens. She is a fashion designer who is a woman.
The Cypriot Fourth Division was played in the 2007-2008 season. Digenis Oroklinis was promoted from the Cypriot Fourth Division, which is won by Digenis Oroklinis. Enosis Kokkinotrimithia and ASPIS Pylas were also competing in the season.
The musical Belfast Child was performed by Simple Minds. The music was written by Jim Kerr, the lyrics by Charlie Burchill.
The HM Passport Office is an executive agency in the United Kingdom, headquartered at 2 Marsham Street. Its main regulatory text is the Identity Documents Act 2010. It was established on May 13, 2013.
The United States is the location of Block Island, which was established in 1664. The island is located in Washington County, Rhode Island, in the Atlantic Ocean. New Shoreham is a coextensive place with the island.
The film Venom was released on October 5, 2018, stars Ellen Gerstein and Scott Haze. The film was directed by Ruben Fleischer and has a rating for ages 15 and up.
Dimitrij Skolil, whose real name is Dmitry, is a Czechoslovakia national who competed in canoeing and kayaking. He is a canoeist and human being.
The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup - Singles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was part of the 2001 Betty Barclay Cup.
The tennis player, Andre Ghem was born in Porto Alegre, Brazil, on May 29, 1982. He is a member of the men's tennis team.
Andre Cushing III, also known as Andre, is a member of the Maine Republican Party in the United States. He is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council and is a human being. Andre Cushing III is a member of the Maine House of Representatives.
True at First Light is a memoir written by Ernest Hemingway. It was published in 1999. It is considered fiction writing. It is published by Charles Scribner's Sons.
Love Is in the Air is a musical film that was released on 23 June 2011. It was directed by Simon Staho, stars Claus Gerving and Donna Marie Thyrrestrup.
Taylor Ware, a female given name, is a performer of country music. Taylor Ware is a human being.
Pierre Bousmanne, born in 1925, is a field hockey player, who is also a human and who plays field hockey. He is a man.
Palisades Park, New Jersey, United States, was created on March 22, 1899. Palisades Park is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, which is bordered by Leonia, New Jersey.
The 1977 Paris Open - Singles was a tennis event held in France. It was part of the 1977 Paris Open and was held in the men's singles competition.
The album Tune Up was produced by Ozzie Cadena and was released in 1971. It is a jazz album and features Don Patterson (organist). It was recorded by Prestige Records.
Regina Ip was born in Hong Kong on 24 August 1950. She graduated from the University of Hong Kong and is a politician. Regina Ip is a woman from China.
Flavia Company was born in Buenos Aires, Spain on 27 September 1963. She is a writer and screenwriter. She is also a journalist.
"For a Friend" is a pop song performed by The Communards. It is a single from the album Red and was released in 1988.
Spy Groove is a television series from the United States that was created by Elliot M. Bour. It was directed by Saul Andrew Blinkoff and was first broadcast in 2000.
Bayswater railway station, Melbourne, was opened on 4 December 1889. It is owned by VicTrack and serves the transport hub of Bayswater, Victoria. The station closed on 15 October 2016.
Tom Hasslan was born in Kongsberg, on November 23, 1983. He is a jazz musician. He is a guitarist and he is a man.
Imanol Rojo was born in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, Spain on 30 November 1990. He competed in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2015 and was the men's cross country skier.
Sukavich Rangsitpol was born December 5, 1935 in Bangkok, Thailand. He is a politician and a member of the House of Representatives. He is a man.
Roman Zobnin is a football player from Russia who was born in Irkutsk on 11 February 1994. He was part of the Russia men's national football team at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Sublime, a rock and pop band from the United States, was formed in 1988. The band's genre is Ska punk and their music is a form of reggae rock. They are signed to the record label Gasoline Alley.
Yasuhito Morishima was born in Kobe, Japan, on 18 September 1987. He is an association football player and he plays for the Japan men's national football team.
Briton Ferry Athletic FC is an association football club from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1925 and play in the Welsh Football League Division Three. They dissolved in 2009.
Dumpy Goes to the Big Smoke is a 2012 short film starring Anthony Hayes and produced by David Michod. Mirrah Foulkes is the director.
Keith Potger, born Keith, was educated at Melbourne High School. He is a folk music performer and a voice player. He was awarded the Officer of the Order of Australia.
The Chief White Eagle is a 1912 silent film produced by Siegmund Lubin and directed by Romaine Fielding.
Claudio Nieto Jimenez was born in Santiago, Chile on September 24, 1977. He is a triathlete and ski mountaineer, and his personal best is a man's time of 3:00:00.
Shane Mangroo was born in the Seychelles on 12 March 1993. He is a swimmer and competed in the swimming at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The Judah and 19th Avenue station is located in San Francisco, United States. It is owned by the San Francisco Municipal Railway and was opened on October 21st, 1928. It is a tram stop on the line N Judah.
The Warehouse District/Hennepin Avenue station is owned by Metro Transit in Minnesota, United States. The station was opened on June 26, 2004 and is a train station. Target Field station is adjacent to this station.
Orbisongs is a rock music album by Roy Orbison. It was released in 1965 by Monument Records and was produced by Fred Foster.
Out of the Dark is a science fiction novel written by David Weber in the United States. The book was published on 28 September 2010 and is about the Alien invasion.
Andriy Khomin, whose full name is Andriy Khomin, is a Defender for the FC Borysfen Boryspil team. Andriy Khomin is from the country of Ukraine.
Dusty's Trail, a television comedy series from the United States, was directed by Earl Bellamy and Leslie H. Martinson. Bob Denver starred in the series.
Yuliana Slashcheva was born in Moscow, Russia (part of the Soviet Union) in 1974. She is a businessperson and is a woman.
Onaje Allan Gumbs was born in New York City, United States on September 3, 1949. He is a pianist and jazz musician, as well as a songwriter.
Patrik Abrahám was born in Czechoslovakia on 10 December 1991. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for FK Dubnica.
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor is a platform game with action genre. It was released in Japan in March 1992 and published by Capcom.
Hong Tai-kwai was born in Pingtung City, Taiwan on December 8, 1946. She was a female gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Creighton University is a private not-for-profit educational institution in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. It was founded in 1878 and is affiliated with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
The film Trading Places was released in 1983. It stars Eddie Jones and Philip Bosco. It has toplessness as a film quality.
Maggi Hambling was born on 23 October 1945 in Suffolk, United Kingdom. She graduated from the Slade School of Fine Art and is a painter. She is a woman.
Harri Nykänen, born in Helsinki, Finland on 20 June 1953, is a journalist, writer and screenwriter.
Greg Feek, a New Zealand rugby union player, was born in New Plymouth on July 20, 1975. He is a member of the New Zealand men's national rugby union team.
Margot Eppinger, born in Denkendorf, Baden-Wallonia in 1952, is a female athletics competitor who competes in the sport of athletics.
Yuma Kawamori was born in Yokkaichi, Japan on 1 February 1993. He is a football player in the Association football genre and is a man of the match.
The Way of Cross and Dragon is a science fiction short story written by George R.R. Martin. It was published in Omni magazine in June 1979.
The Unicorn Series is a speculative fiction novel series written by Tanith Lee. The series originated in England and was published in 1991.
Metal Masters is a fighting game video game developed by Bit Managers and published by Electro Brain. It was released in December 1993 and its music is by Alberto Jose González.
George Aiken was educated at Brattleboro Union High School and worked in Montpelier, Vermont. He was Lieutenant Governor of Vermont and was a human being.
The Statue of Niels W. Gade, made of bronze, is located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark. It was created in 1897 by Vilhelm Bissen.
Bothwell Chapungu was born in Kwekwe, Zimbabwe on November 22nd 1987. He is a cricketer who played for the Zimbabwe men's national cricket team.
The Malediction is a novel written by Jean Giono that was published in 1951 in France by the Éditions Gallimard.
Enzo Sacchi competed in the men's track cycling at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was from the Kingdom of Italy.
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, which was founded in 1915, is located in Rancho Cordova, California, United States. The company is in the business of owning Aerojet Rocketdyne.
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 is a sports game for the Nintendo 64 video game console. It was developed by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts on June 17, 1997.
Born on 19 February 1973 in New York City, Eva Golinger is a lawyer and journalist. She was the first woman to be a lawyer in the U.S.
Marlborough Girls' College is a secondary school in New Zealand. It was established in 1963 and is located in Marlborough Region. Marlborough College was the previous name of the school.
Mike Bellamy was born June 28, 1966 in New York City, United States. He is an American football player, who competed in the men's American Football.
Orivesi, a city in the municipality of Pirkanmaa in Finland, was founded in 1869.
Marianna Csornyei was born in Budapest, Hungary on October 8, 1975. She is a mathematician working at University College London and is the first female to hold the position.
Fernando Palomeque was born in Mexico City on March 20, 1968. He is a football player and manager. Fernando Palomeque plays for Mexico's national team and is a man of letters.
CZ12 is an action film which was written by Jackie Chan. Shu Qi and Daniel Wu also star in the movie. The genre of the film is Martial arts.
Olga Ivanova is a taekwondo athlete who was born in Verkhneuralsk, Russia on 23 March 1993. She competed in the women's taekwondo event.
Christina Gonzalez, a US citizen, was born in New York City. She attended the University of Miami and worked as a reporter for KTTV. Gonzalez is a woman.
The SNCF Class Y 9000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive class. It was made by Socofer and comes from France. The SNCF Class Y 9000 is operated by SNCF.
Dragon Age Pure, a Japanese language magazine, was founded in Japan on 30 January 2006. It is published by Fujimi Shobo.
De Staat is an alternative rock band from Nijmegen, Netherlands. The band was created in 2006.
Baishizhou station is part of Shenzhen Metro, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. The station was opened on September 28, 2009.
Dean Brown was born on November 16, 1945 in McDonough, Georgia. He is an American football player who played defensive back for the Miami Dolphins.
The Mykolas Romeris University in Vilnius, Lithuania was established in 2004. The university is a member of the European University Association.
Bo'ness is a small town located in the Falkirk council area of Bo'ness and Carriden, in the United Kingdom.
Needle is a science fiction novel written by Hal Clement and published by Doubleday in the United States in 1950.
The Charioteer of Delphi is a novel from the United Kingdom written by Caroline Lawrence, published by the Orion Publishing Group in 2006.
The architect of Marselisborg Palace in Denmark is Hack Kampmann. The palace was inaugurated in 1902 and is located in the Aarhus Municipality.
One Clear Call is a historical novel written by Upton Sinclair and published by Viking Press in the United States in 1948.
The Statue of Henry Havelock, Trafalgar Square is located in the city of Westminster, United Kingdom. The statue is a public art work created by William Behnes in 1861.
Jewelled Nights is a 1925 silent film directed by Louise Lovely starring Gordon Collingridge.
The Rouge River Bridge was constructed in 1994 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Abdul Gaddy is a surname of the point guard, a member of the Maine Red Claws in the United States, and a player in the men's basketball league.
Aaron Westervelt (born Aaron Westervelt) is a midfielder who plays for the Adelaide Cobras FC. He is also a member of the Seaford Rangers FC and plays for the human beings.
Chetumal is the location of the Chetumal International Airport in Mexico, operated by Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares. The airport serves the transport hub of Chetumal.
Robert Bouloux was born in Ploubalay, France on May 22, 1947. He is a male cycle sport athlete.
The film Kalichaat originates from India and was produced by Sudhanshu Sharma. The film's music is by Sanjeev Kohli. The film is directed by Sudhanshu Sharma and the language spoken is Hindi.
Barry House, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council. He was the President of the Council and attended Busselton Senior High School.
Dulquer Salmaan was born 28 July 1986 in Kochi, India. His occupation is actor and he is a businessman.
Sylvan Hills High School is a state school in the United States, in the Pulaski County Special School District. The school was established in 1956 and is located in the administrative territory of Arkansas.
The NZR KB class is a New Zealand locomotive class which was introduced in 1939 and retired in 1969. The New Zealand Railways Department operate this class.
Jan Fredrik Vogt was born in 1974 in Norway. He is a politician from the Progress Party and was a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway. He is a man.
Miki Tanaka was born in Nagahama, Shiga, Japan on 20 October 1987. She is a judoka, who competes in Judo for the women's team.
State Highway 140 is a state highway in Colorado, United States. It is owned by the Colorado Department of Transportation.
Tarryl Clark was born on 31 July 1961 in Norfolk, Virginia, US. She is a lawyer and politician, and was the first woman to serve in that position.
Dulce Pontes, a singer-songwriter, was born in Montijo, Portugal, on April 8, 1969. She is a woman.
Mario Torelli was born in Rome, Italy, on May 12th 1937. He is an art historian, archaeologist and classical scholar.
Bruce Bouton was born in South Carolina in 1954. He was a student at Virginia Commonwealth University. He is a guitarist and human being.
The action film Blade of the Immortal is from the United Kingdom and Japan. It was produced by Jeremy Thomas and has a Kijkwijzer rating of 16.
Seiko Hashimoto is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan. She is a track cyclist who competed in the 1994 Asian Games. Hashimoto also competed in speed skating.
The film Son of Django was released in 1967 and stars Daniele Vargas, Ignazio Spalla. Its director was Osvaldo Civirani and the composer was Piero Umiliani.
Miguel Bose performs the pop song Si Todos Fuesen Iguales a Ti. The song was written by Antonio Carlos Jobim and was released in 1992. The song is part of the album Papito.
The company Zonergy, in the palm oil industry, is owned by ZTE and was founded in January 2007. The company is headquartered in Beijing.
Chris Biotti, born in the United States, is a defenceman who played ice hockey. He graduated from Harvard University.
Douglas Luiz was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on May 9, 1998. He is a male association football player.
Robert R. Reisz, whose real name is Robert, is a human being who works at the University of Toronto. His doctoral advisor was Robert L. Carroll and his doctoral student was Michel Laurin. His work is in the field of paleontology.
Ivan Almeida Dias, a human being, was born in Niteroi on 28 August 1972. He is an association football player.
Lee Trevino won the 1971 Open Championship, which was held at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club.
Rakesh Mohan was born in Uttar Pradesh, India on 14 January 1948. He graduated from Princeton University and is an economist. Mr. Mohan is a man of great intellect.
Born on 16 February 1952, Nina Bassuk is a female landscape architect. She graduated from Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and is now employed at Cornell University.
The film Youth was released in 1934. Its music was composed by Georges Van Parys. The film stars Lisette Lanvin, Robert Arnoux and was directed by Georges Lacombe.
The Kiev Municipal Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre for Children and Youth is located in Kiev, Ukraine. It was founded in 1982. The Opera House is located in Kiev and is a youth theatre.
The action film Jil originates from India and was produced by UV Creations. The film's original language is Telugu and its director of photography is Sakthi Saravanan. The film was edited by Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao.
Empire is a historical novel written by Gore Vidal. It was published in 1987 in the United States by Random House.
The book Kavalu, written by S.L. Bhyrappa, was published in India in 2010. The book is a fiction work written in Kannada.
Hoar Cross Hall is an English country house hotel in the United Kingdom. It was designed by Henry Clutton and was completed in 1871. It is owned by Hugo Meynell.
Vanessa Boslak was born in Lesquin, France on June 11th 1982. She was a female pole vaulter who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The film Victoria was released on 11 June 2015 and has a PG12 rating. Franz Rogowski and Martin Goeres star in the film.
Delaware Byways are owned by the Delaware Department of Transportation in the United States. The state of Delaware is the location of these Byways. The system was started in 2000.
Szandra Szalay was born on 30 July 1989 in Hungary. She is a triathlete who competes in triathlon and is a human being.
The Keio Challenger is a tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was created in 1999 and is located in Yokohama, Japan.
WAPS is an FM radio station in Akron, Ohio, United States. It was established in 1955 and is owned by Akron Public Schools.
Elias Bjuhr was born in Sweden on October 17th 1988. He is a male ice hockey player.
Tweetie Pie is a US animated short comedy film distributed by Warner Bros. The film was produced by Edward Selzer and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Serhiy Zahidulin is a midfielder who plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv. He is a human being who lives in Ukraine.
The Colton Hills Community School is a secondary school in Wolverhampton, England and Wales, United Kingdom. The school is located in the city. It was established in 1974.
The Elephant Celebes is a 1921 oil on canvas painting by Max Ernst from the United States. The painting is in the Tate Modern.
Kurt Stillwell, whose full name is Kurt Stillwell, is a human being. He plays shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds and the San Diego Padres.
Cedric Gondo was born in Divo, Ivory Coast on November 25, 1996. He is an association football player who has played for both Delfino Pescara 1936 and ACF Fiorentina.
York County Courthouse is located in York, South Carolina, United States. It was designed by William Augustus Edwards in the Neoclassicism style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vin Bourke was born in Henty, New South Wales on 14 September 1933. He is an Australian rules football player who played for the North Melbourne Football Club. He also played for the North Albury Football Club.
Auston Matthews was born in San Ramon, California, USA on September 17, 1997. He is an ice hockey player who plays for the US men's national ice hockey team.
The film S/O Satyamurthy was released in 2015. It was directed by Trivikram Srinivas, starred Vennela Kishore and Upendra (actor) and has Devi Sri Prasad as the composer.
Luciano Astudillo was born in Sweden in 1972. He is a politician from the Swedish Social Democratic Party and a member of the Swedish Riksdag. He is a man.
Judith W. Rogers was born in New York City in 1939. She graduated from Harvard Law School and is a United States citizen. She was a judge.
The film Dragon Hunters is a children's film from Luxembourg, Germany. It was directed by Arthur Qwak. French is the original language of the film and it was distributed by InterCom.
Sharon Needles is a singer, drag queen and man who was born November 28, 1981 in Newton, Iowa, United States.
The Science of Discworld II: The Globe is written in English, the sequel to The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch. It was written by the biologist Jack Cohen and originates from the United Kingdom.
Thomas Dougherty was born in 1951 in Casper, Wyoming. He graduated from Brown University and worked as a diplomat. He is a human being.
NHL 08 is a video game developed by EA Vancouver. EA Sports published the game, which is a sports game. It was released on September 12, 2007 for Microsoft Windows.
The Alexander Theatre (constructed in 1879) is an opera house in Helsinki, Finland. The Alexander Theatre is part of Esplanadi-Bulevardi and is located in Helsinki.
Homemade Millionaire is a reality television series that was broadcast on TLC. The series is based in New York City, United States. The series is in English.
Demetrio Steffe was born in Trieste on 30 July 1996. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Robur Siena.
Frank Torre is a baseball player who played first base for the Atlanta Braves and Philadelphia Phillies.
The Night Riviera is a night train service that was established on 11 July 1983 in the United Kingdom. It is operated by the Great Western Railway.
Funtaine Hunter was born on December 27, 1983 in Valdosta, Georgia, United States. He is a former American football player who was a member of the US men's national football team.
The Orpheum Theatre, located in San Francisco, California, United States, is a movie theater. The Orpheum Theatre was established in 1926.
The 2003 Japanese Grand Prix was an auto racing event held at Suzuka International Racing Course in Japan on October 12, 2003. It was part of the 2003 Formula One World Championship.
Columbia TriStar Television, a United States based business, was founded in 1994 and dissolved in 2002. Sony Pictures Television was the owner of Columbia TriStar Television.
Katya Adler was born on 3 May 1972 in London. She graduated from the University of Bristol and worked as a journalist for the BBC. She is a woman.
After Hours at the London House is a live album of vocal jazz by Sarah Vaughan. It was recorded in 1959 and was produced by Jack Tracy. The record label was Mercury Records.
A Paris Apartment was written by Michelle Gable and published in the United States on January 1, 2014. It is written in English. The book was published by Thomas Dunne Books.
Indie Allen, whose surname is Allen, was born on December 27, 1992 in Montego Bay. He is a singer and human being. Indie Allen's musical genre is male.
The film Muthal Mariyathai was released in 1985. It was directed by P. Bharathiraja and the screenwriter was P. Bharathiraja. The film's musical score is by Ilaiyaraaja, and Sivaji Ganesan is a key character.
Iwanka Sanjula was born in Galle, Sri Lanka, on 16 February 1997. He is a cricketer who plays for the Sri Lanka men's cricket team.
Rag Tale is a 2005 comedy film directed by Mary McGuckian. The film stars John Sessions and Simon Callow.
The Anzhi Arena is a soccer-specific stadium in Kaspiysk, Russia. It is operated by FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
London based Hammerson is a public limited company that was established in 1942 and is in the United Kingdom.
The Schleicher ASW 20 is a 15 metre Class aircraft family from Germany. It was designed by Gerhard Waibel and manufactured by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.
Roy Brindley was born in Southampton, United Kingdom, on 10 June 1969. He is a journalist and author. Roy Brindley is a man.
The English language film Hachi: A Dog's Tale was written by Kaneto Shindo and stars Kevin DeCoste and Robert Capron. It was produced by Richard Gere.
Rough River Lake is located in Kentucky, United States. The lake has an inflow of the Rough River.
A Chef in Love is a drama, a romantic comedy, produced by Alexander Rodnyansky and Temur Babluani. The screenplay was written by Irakli Kvirikadze and the cast includes Jean-Yves Gautier.
Justin Catanoso, a journalist, was born on 5 November 1959 in the United States. He attended Wake Forest University, where he worked as a journalist. Justin Catanoso was a man of letters.
Alexander Tarasov, a figure skater, was born in the Soviet Union. Alexander Tarasov is a figure skater who competed in pair skating. Alexander Tarasov is a human figure skater.
Gwethalyn Graham is the wife of David Yalden-Thomson. He has won the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction. Gwethalyn Graham is a human being who wrote the notable novel Earth and High Heaven.
August Cinema is the company that produced Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty. It is from India and the film was originally released in Malayalam. The cast includes Sekhar Menon and Nedumudi Venu.
Mitchell R. Julis was born in 1955. He graduated from Princeton University with an MA in Human Resources. He is a business executive, and attended Harvard Law School.
Born on 16 May 1964 in the United Kingdom, Milton Jones, who graduated from Middlesex University, is a stand up comedian. Mr. Jones has appeared on the TV show, The Man from U.K.
The 2011 International Cup of Nice was a figure skating competition held in France. The competition began on October 26th 2011 and ended on October 30th 2011.
Johan Sotil (born in Lima, Peru on August 29, 1982) is a football player and manager. He is a man.
The Blue Bonnet is a 1919 British drama film directed by Louis Chaudet. The screenwriter was Eugenie Magnus Ingleton and William Parsons was the producer.
The Magician's Elephant is a novel written by Kate DiCamillo. It was published by Candlewick Press in the United States in 2009.
Air Above Mountains is a live album by Cecil Taylor and his band, Free Jazz. It was recorded in 1978 and was produced by Matthias Winckelmann.
Jordan Palmer-Samuels was born in London on 12 September 1994. He is an association football player for Karmiotissa FC.
Masato Matsui was born in Maebashi, Japan on November 19, 1987. Masato Matsui is a baseball player.
Elizabeth Anton was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 12 December 1998. She is a football player who plays as a midfielder for the New Zealand women's national football team.
The Stranger Next Door was written by Amelie Nothomb and published in 1995. It is a novel from Belgium that was published by Éditions Albin Michel.
Harvey Pulliam is a United States born outfielder and pitcher who plays for the Colorado Rockies.
Denis Shapovalov was born in Tel Aviv on April 15, 1999. He is a male tennis player and ice hockey player from Canada.
Martin Cameron was born on 16 June 1978 in Dunfermline, United Kingdom. He was an association football player and he represented the United Kingdom at the men's football tournament.
Velenka is a municipality in the Nymburk District of the Czech Republic. Velenka is located in the historical region of Bohemia, it is a cadastral area in the Czech Republic and the border with Kounice is also shared with Velenka.
Paradise Hills is an English language film starring Emma Roberts, Danielle Macdonald and Awkwafina. It was written by Brian DeLeeuw and produced by Adrián Guerra.
Marian Dougherty was born November 25, 1984 in Denver, USA. She is an association football player and a member of the United States women's national football team.
Takuya Murayama was born in Osaka, Japan in 1989. He is an association football player and he plays for the Japan men's national football team.
The Supremes, who are signed to the record label Motown, released High Energy in 1976. The album is produced by Brian Holland. The Supremes' musical genre is soul music.
Jacob Gillbee was born on 13 September 1992. He is an Australian rules football player for the Gold Coast Suns. He is a member of the Gold Coast Suns men's soccer team.
Hazel English was born in Sydney, Australia on 27 November 1990. She is a musician whose musical genre is female.
Cornelius Redick was born in the United States, on January 7, 1964. He was an American football player for the Green Bay Packers, and was a member of the US men's national football team.
Edmond Audran composed the opera La Mascotte which was published in 1850. The work is a French language opera, the libretto was written by Alfred Duru.
J-League Dynamite Soccer 64 is a sports game that was published by Imagineer in Japan on September 5, 1997 for the Nintendo 64.
The JGR Class 8150 is a locomotive class from the United States that is operated by the Ministry of Railways in Japan. It was put in service in 1890 and retired in 1927.
1988 Tokyo Indoor was a tennis tournament that was held in 1988. The 1988 Tokyo Indoor - Singles was part of the tennis tournament and was the sequel to the 1987 Tokyo Indoor.
Suzuka 8 Hours, a racing video game, was released in Japan on October 10th, 1992. The arcade game is a video game genre.
Jarmo Jokila was born on 13 February 1986 in Turku, Finland. He is an ice hockey player who competes in the men's tournament.
Hollyn is a songwriter who was born on 3 January 1997 in Waverly, Ohio, United States. Hollyn is a woman and human.
Morecambe FC is a United Kingdom association football club that was founded in 1920. They play in the EFL League Two league. The club's headquarters are in Morecambe.
The Apostles is a thriller film from China which was released on January 17, 2014. It was released in 2013 and stars Josie Ho.
Cam Neely, a winger, is a member of the Vancouver Canucks and Boston Bruins ice hockey teams.
Keiko Terada, born in Funabashi, Japan, on 27 July 1963, is a singer-songwriter whose genre is female singing.
Faber and Faber is a book publisher founded in 1929 by Geoffrey Faber in London, United Kingdom.
Tommy Steel is a male association football player who was born in Glasgow, United States. Tommy Steel plays for Fore River soccer club.
A Few Good Men is a legal drama play written in English by Aaron Sorkin. The play was written in the United States, where the main subject is the United States Marine Corps.
William César de Oliveira, born 17 October 1968 in Cuiaba, is a football player who represented Brazil. He is a man of association football.
Every Loser Wins is a pop music single by Nick Berry, released in 1986. It is part of the New Vintage: The Best of Simon May album and is available on the BBC Records label.
The Three Rivers Heritage Trail, a National Recreation Trail, is a rail trail in North America. It is located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Renat Yanbayev was born on 7 April 1984 in Noginsk, Russia. He is a football player who played for UEFA Euro 2008 and represented Russia at the men's football tournament.
The Picton Reading Room and Hornby Library are part of the Liverpool Central Library in the United Kingdom. The Reading Room was established in 1906 and is part of the public library system in Liverpool.
Sibel Guler was born in Bulgaria on 28 September 1984 and currently lives in Ankara. She is a taekwondo athlete from Turkey who competed in the women's event.
Vladimir Solovyov, a doctor in engineering, is a cosmonaut and the employer of Bauman Moscow State Technical University. He was awarded the Order of Honour (Russia) and the Gold Star.
Josef Tal (born Josef Tal) is a human opera composer and musicologist. He has won the Wolf Prize.
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop is a mystery film distributed by Warner Bros. It stars Donald Woods, Ann Dvorak and was produced by Bryan Foy. The film was originally released in English.
Martin Gethin is a male boxer who was born in Walsall, United Kingdom on November 16, 1983.
Mathew Barzal was born in Coquitlam, Canada, on May 26, 1997. He is an ice hockey player, who competes in the men's tournament.
Fulvio Pea is an Italian football player and manager. He was born in Casalpusterlengo on 10 February 1967.
New York City born Freddie Jenkins (10 October 1906 - 12 July 1978) was a jazz musician. He was a trumpeter and composer.
Justin Orenduff was born on May 27, 1983 in the United States. He is a baseball player for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes and he is a member of the US national baseball team. He is a man.
Dmytro Tishyn was born on 24 June 1988 in Ukraine. He is a chess player and a chess man.
The Lowry Avenue Bridge is a steel bridge which was completed in October 2012, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
O Prithibi Ebar Ese Bangladesh Nao Chine, written by Zulfiqer Russell, is a song from Bangladesh, where the sport is cricket. The song was performed by Elita Karim and was released on 17 February 2011.
Wizz Air UK was founded in September 2017 in the United Kingdom. The parent organization of Wizz Air UK is Wizz Air and the hub airport is Luton airport. The headquarters of Wizz Air UK are located in London.
South Carolina Highway 83 is a state road in South Carolina, United States. It was completed in 1938 and is owned by the South Carolina Department of Transportation.
Phil Groeneveld is a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament. He was born in Oshawa, Ontario on 18 September 1974.
The NREC RL class locomotive is a diesel-electric locomotive made by the National Railway Equipment Company. It is operated by the Southern Shorthaul Railroad in Australia.
Maserati manufactures the Maserati Shamal sports car model. It is a successor to the Maserati Khamsin and was followed by the Maserati 3200 GT.
Montmartre Rose is a silent film from the United States. It was directed by Bernard F. McEveety, has the narrative location of Paris, and was released in 1929.
Mike Matheson is a male ice hockey player from Canada. He was born on 27 February 1994 in Pointe-Claire.
Alfred Pittard, born Alfred M Pittard, (3 August 1868 - 16 May 1950), was a politician and member of the Victorian Legislative Council.
Claudio O'Connor was born on 28 April 1963 in Llavallol, Argentina. He is a singer and his musical genre is male.
The Decision is a science fiction novel written by K.A. Applegate and published by Scholastic Corporation in the United States in May 1998.
Neesha Wieser was born in New Zealand on 25 October 1986. She is a female netball player in the sport of Netball. Neesha Wieser is a human being.
The Kirkby Project, a sports venue in Kirkby, is operated by the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in the United Kingdom. The Kirkby Project is owned by Everton FC and was designed by Barr Construction.
The University of Bolton is a public university in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, United Kingdom. Bolton is the location of the University of Bolton, which is a higher education institution.
Larry Weiss is the composer of the song "Rhinestone Cowboy". The song was written by Larry Weiss and produced by Dennis Lambert. The song was originally from the United States and won the American Music Award for Favorite Country Single.
Acclaim Studios Manchester is a business in Manchester, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1987 and was acquired by Acclaim Entertainment in 2004.
Rock School is a 2005 documentary film directed by Don Argott and produced by Sheena M. Joyce. Rock School stars Paul Green.
The Buffalo Airport is located in Texas, United States. It was established on January 6th, 1954. The airport serves the transport hub of Amarillo.
Bas Paternotte, a man who is a journalist, was born in the Netherlands on 1 September 1976.
The Boeing AH-64 Apache is manufactured by Hughes Helicopters in the United States. It was first flown on 30 September 1975 and entered service on 26 January 1984. The Boeing AH-64 Apache is operated by the Royal Netherlands Air Force.
Mouhamadou Sarr, born in Kaolack on 5 January 1997, is an association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Bologna FC 1909.
Al-Tai FC is a Saudi Arabian association football club located in Ha'il. It was founded on July 23, 1960. It is a member of the Saudi Professional League.
Tokyo Fiancée is an autobiographical novel written by Amelie Nothomb, published in Belgium by the Éditions Albin Michel in 2007.
Gundello Godari is from India and was produced by Lakshmi Manchu. The movie was originally made in Telugu and stars Sundeep Kishan and Lakshmi Manchu.
The Electric Light Orchestra (first light series) is the studio album of the Electric Light Orchestra. It is a progressive rock music album, produced by Roy Wood. The band is signed to Harvest Records.
Dean is a comedy film written by Demetri Martin. Dean stars Reid Scott, Kevin Kline and Demetri Martin. Dean is made in English.
Barrett's Ferry Bridge is located in James City County, Virginia, United States. It was inaugurated on January 24, 2009.
Henry Wood Hall in Southwark, London, United Kingdom is a concert hall named after Henry Wood. It was designed by Francis Octavius Bedford and is in the London Borough of Southwark.
The action film Dheena is from India. It was written by AR Murugadoss and stars Suresh Gopi, Yuvan Shankar Raja and the narrative is set in Chennai.
The Best of Sugar Ray is a pop rock album by Sugar Ray. The album was released in 2005 and was produced by David Kahne. The record label of the band is Atlantic Records.
Luke Glendening was born on 28 April 1989 in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States. He is an ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament.
Trish Hina was born on 3 May 1977. She is a rugby union player who plays for New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Nishi-Obihiro Station is a train station in Obihiro, Hokkaido, Japan. It was opened on September 8, 1907 and is connected to the Nemuro Main Line.
Vivian Segnini was born in Sao Carlos, Brazil on 3 January 1989. She is a female tennis player.
The Winter Room is a novel written by Gary Paulsen, published by Scholastic Corporation in 1989. The book originates from the United States.
Jermaine Gresham, a tight end from the United States, was educated at Ardmore City Schools. He is a member of the Cincinnati Bengals.
Allen Tankard was born in Islington, United Kingdom, on 21 May 1969. He is an association football player who played for the United Kingdom men's national football team.
The country music artist Charlie Rich is the artist behind Behind Closed Doors. The album was recorded in 1973 and was produced by Billy Sherrill. It was released on the Epic Records label.
Sabrina Salerno is the performer of the album Over the Pop which was released in 1991. The album is a pop music with a dance pop genre and was the follow up to Super Remix.
John Brown University alum and baseball outfielder Wally Moon played for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Rochester Red Wings. Mr. Moon is a man of many talents.
American Psycho 2 is a horror film distributed by Lionsgate Home Entertainment. Lindy Booth and Robin Dunne are both stars.
The video game Super Adventure Rockman, released on June 25, 1998 in Japan, is an interactive film. It was published by Capcom and is available for the Sega Saturn.
Akira Yamaoka is the composer of Silent Hill 2 which was released in Japan on September 24th, 2001. The video game has a psychological horror genre.
Gossip in the Grain is the folk music album by Ray LaMontagne. It was produced by Ethan Johns and was released on October 14th, 2008 by BMG Rights Management.
Ben Jeffries, a man, was born in Australia on 4 September 1980. He is a former rugby league footballer.
The 1995 Stockholm Open, a tennis tournament in Sweden, was held in 1995.
The Greek National Tourism Organization in Greece was created in 1927. It is a government agency that is part of the Ministry of Tourism. It is located in Athens and is a destination marketing organization.
Passaic County (United States) is located in New Jersey, its capital is Paterson and it was created on 7 February 1837. It is bordered by Bergen County, New Jersey.
Adrian Liu was born in Prince Rupert, British Columbia in 1983. He is a male badminton player from Canada who competed in the 2010 Peru International Badminton Championships – Mixed doubles.
Grand Slam is a funk album by The Isley Brothers from the United States. The album was released in 1981 and was recorded by T-Neck Records.
Erling Moreno was born in Cartagena, Colombia on 13 January 1997. He is a baseball player for the Colombian national team and has played for the men's baseball team.
Troy Menzel (born 22 September 1994) is an Australian rules football player who plays for the Carlton Football Club and the Adelaide Football Club.
God: The Failed Hypothesis is written in English and published in 2007. It was written by Victor J Stenger and is published by Prometheus Books. The book originates from the U.S.
State Route 239 is a road in Alabama, United States. The Alabama Department of Transportation (Alabama) maintains the Alabama State Route system and is the owner of the highway.
La Booga Rooga is a pop rock album by Andy Fairweather Low, released in 1975. The album was produced by Glyn Johns and is signed to A&M Records.
Imaginary Day is a jazz fusion album by the Pat Metheny Group. It was released in 1997 by Warner Bros. Records.
Lauri Johnson (born December 27, 1949 in Santa Monica, California) is a female actor from the United States.
Hang Lung Properties, a real estate company, is owned by Hang Lung Group. It was founded in 1987 and is located in Hong Kong.
The book Girls of Riyadh was written by Rajaa al-Sanea and published by Penguin Books on July 5, 2007. It is an Epistolary novel from Saudi Arabia.
The 1930 comedy film Free Love stars Conrad Nagel and was directed by Hobart Henley. The screenplay was written by Edwin H. Knopf.
Carthage College is a liberal arts college in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States. The college was founded in 1847.
Mohammad Khodabandelou was born in Tehran, on September 7, 1999. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Paykan FC.
WildStorm, a book publishing company in the United States, was founded in 1992. The company is owned by DC Comics. The company is headquartered in La Jolla.
Des Moines is the capital of Iowa, where the Mississippi River is the lowest point. The state is part of the Midwestern United States and is surrounded by Minnesota and South Dakota. Iowa is also the location of Delaware County.
Yuki Muto was born in Chiba Prefecture on May 9, 1995. He is an association football player and plays for Matsumoto Yamaga FC.
Josh Ralph was born in July 1997 in Southport, Queensland. He is a human being and a rugby league footballer who plays for the Tweed Heads Seagulls.
Adriana Lima was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil on June 12, 1981. She is a model and actor.
Bertha Isaacs was a teacher and suffragette in The Bahamas. She is a member of the Progressive Liberal Party and plays tennis. She is a female tennis player.
Dave Carlock, whose genre is Hard rock, was born in 2000. He is a record producer and songwriter. Dave Carlock is a man.
Albert Masland was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania on September 18, 1956. He graduated from Dickinson College and is an American politician. Masland is a man of letters.
Tracers was written by Leslie Bohem, directed by Daniel Benmayor and released on 20 March 2015. The film stars Taylor Lautner and Marie Avgeropoulos. Tracers is also released on 28 May 2015.
Born on May 8, 1978 in Jakarta, Indonesia, the actor Wendy Armoko, is a male.
Argiro Zapata was born on June 14th 1971 in Colombia. He is a male cycle sport athlete and human.
The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open was a tennis tournament held in India from 1996 to 2007. It was organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals.
Cecilio Lastra was born in Santander, Spain on August 12, 1951. He is a male boxer who competed in boxing.
The Almost Impossible Gameshow, a TV game show series, originates from the United Kingdom. The series was first broadcast on 1 October 2015 on ITV2 in English. Endemol Shine UK is the distributor of the series.
Stephanie Grebe, born in Berlin on September 24, 1987, is a female German table tennis player.
Per Carlsen was born in 1948 in Denmark. He is a diplomat and politician. Per is the name of the man who was born in Denmark.
Bojan Kusmuk was born in Kraljevo on September 12th 1969. He is a former basketball player who played for KK Sloga and was part of the men's national basketball team.
Babita was born in Mumbai, India in 1948. She is a human being and an actor. She was the first woman to appear in a movie.
Mother Holly is a children's film written and directed by Fritz Genschow. It was released on December 5th 1954. It stars Werner Stock and Peter-Uwe Witt.
Massimo Carraro was born in Camposampiero, Italy on March 8, 1959. He is an entrepreneur and politician.
The Ashram is a novel written by Sattar Memon. It was published in April 2005 and comes from India.
The Secret Ways was originally shown in English. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It stars Howard Vernon, Oskar Wegrostek, Sonja Ziemann and was produced by Euan Lloyd.
The ship Pioneering Spirit is a working ship operated by Allseas. It was built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering in Geoje, Malta.
Hernani Almeida was born in Mindelo, Cape Verde on April 7, 1978. The musician is known as Hernani Almeida. He is a man of music.
Night in Paradise is a historical film written by Ernest Pascal and starring Gale Sondergaard, Jerome Cowan, Rex Evans and produced by Walter Wanger.
The 1986 U.S. Open was held at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in the United States. Raymond Floyd won the championship.
Ten Modern Commandments, a silent film, was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film genre is romance, and stars Esther Ralston and Neil Hamilton.
Genaro Borrego Estrada, whose full name is Genaro Borrego Estrada, was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was a member of the Senate of Mexico and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico. Genaro Borrego Estrada, who worked in Mexico City, was President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Wrong is an English language comedy film written by Mr. Oizo. It stars William Fichtner, Regan Burns and Todd Giebenhain.
Jim Anderson (surname:Anderson) was born April 20, 1937 in the United States. He played basketball for the men's national team and is now a basketball coach.
Russell Martin, who was educated at Chipola College, is a resident of Montreal. He played as a catcher and third baseman for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Myles Wakefield was born in Durban on June 13, 1974. He is a male tennis player from South Africa.
Takayuki Ochiai was born in Tokyo, Japan, on August 17, 1979. He graduated from Keio University and is a politician. He is a man.
Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses is an Italian comedy film written by Bernardino Zapponi. The film stars Giovanna Ralli, Giacomo Rizzo and Gigi Proietti.
Lambert Belmas was born in Carcassonne, France on 11 August 1997. He is a rugby league player who plays for France in the men's rugby league.
The Oxford Internet Institute is a research institute in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2001 by Derek Wyatt. It is part of the University of Oxford in Oxford.
Deep Saini is a biologist and physiologist who was born in Canada on October 25, 1955. He graduated from the University of Alberta with a M.S.
Your Memory and Me is a comedy film which was released on 25 June 1953. Pedro Vargas and Domingo Soler are both stars of the film, which was directed by Miguel M. Delgado.
Brodie Moles was born in Hobart on November 7, 1985. He is an Australian rules football player who is a member of the Western Bulldogs and a member of the Australian Football team. He is a man of letters.
Federico Proia, who was born 4 February 1996 in Rome, plays as a midfielder for Robur Siena. He is an association football player.
Georg von Habsburg was born on 16 December 1964 in Starnberg, Austria. He was a journalist and a man who was awarded the Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Victor Posa was born in Bari, Italy on November 5th 1966. He is an ice hockey player and competed in the men's tournament.
Klaas Jan van Noortwijk was born in Rotterdam, Kingdom of the Netherlands on July 10th 1970. He is a cricketer who plays for the Netherlands men's national cricket team.
Vaalii Faalogo was born on 11 September 1983 in Samoa. He is an association football player for Vailima Kiwi FC.
Norm Spencer was born in Canada on 23 February 1958. He is a voice actor.
The River City Marketplace is a shopping mall in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. that was opened on November 17, 2006. The mall is owned by RPT Realty.
The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway, which has Dongguan-Huizhou as part of it, is operated by the China Railway Guangzhou Group. The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway was opened in 2011 and is part of the regional rail network in China.
Argentina born Princesa Yamal (born 1901, Mendoza) is a dancer and film actor.
Darwin's Radio, written by Greg Bear, is a techno-thriller from the United States. It was published on 31 August 1999.
The Skulls II is a 2002 thriller film directed by Joe Chappelle and starring Robin Dunne. The film's musical score is by Christophe Beck.
American baseball player Marc Sagmoen was born April 16, 1971 in Seattle. He is a man.
Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams was developed by Avalanche Software and is available on the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Game Boy Advance and optical disc. The latter game uses the DualShock 2 input method.
Yamato Tamura, a figure skater who competed in the men's event, was born in Hachinohe, Japan on May 28, 1979. He is also a figure skating coach.
Paul Bales is the producer of the superhero film Avengers Grimm: Time Wars, which was released in 2015. The film is a fantasy film with a screenplay by Jeremy M. Inman.
Rappottenstein is a market municipality in the Zwettl District of Austria. It is bordered by the municipalities of Gross Gerungs and Schonbach.
Massimo Venier is the screenwriter of Generation 1000 Euros. The film was originally shown in Italian and originated from Milan, Italy. Francesco Brandi and Francesca Inaudi are both cast in the film.
Kristin Cooper was born in July 19, 1956 in the United States. She graduated from the University of Oklahoma and is a lawyer. She lives in Rocky Mount, North Carolina and is a woman.
Yekaterina Marennikova was born on 29 April 1982 in Saint Petersburg. She represented Russia at the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.
The Van Donge & De Roo Stadion in the Government of Rotterdam, Netherlands is owned by SBV Excelsior. The stadium was opened on 23 July 1902 and is a soccer-specific stadium.
The Luxemburger Wort is a daily newspaper in Luxembourg. Its owner is Saint-Paul Luxembourg and it was created in 1848.
Leigh Tudor was born on the 25th September 1969. He played Australian rules football for Geelong Football Club and North Melbourne Football Club. He is a male player.
James Okwuosa was born on September 14th 1990 in Lagos, Nigeria. He is an association football player who competed in the men's tournament.
Randika Galhenage was born in Colombo on August 14th 1978. She is a cricketer who played for Sri Lanka women's cricket team.
Diana, a biographical film, was produced by Le Pacte and Douglas Rae. Diana was distributed by Entertainment One. The film stars Juliet Stevenson and Naveen Andrews.
Evan Dimas was born on 13 March 1995 in Surabaya, Indonesia. He is an association football player who competes in the men's tournament.
Deathstalker Rebellion is a science fiction novel written by Simon R Green and published in 1996 in the UK by Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Bernard Pierce is a human being from the United States. He is the surname of Bernard Pierce. He played running back for the Baltimore Ravens.
Tan White was born on September 27th, 1982 in Tupelo, Mississippi, US. She is a female basketball player.
Pink Hill Airport is located in North Carolina, United States. It was established on January 8, 1963. The airport is named after Pink Hill, North Carolina.
Everything's on Ice was made by RKO Pictures and distributed by RKO Pictures. The film's cast includes George Meeker, Wade Boteler and Sol Lesser. The film was originally shown in English.
Viktor Bolikhov was born on December 1, 1983 in Russia. He is an association football player for FC CFKiS Lobnya and a member of the men's national football team.
Cyril Bagnost was born in Epernay, France on 24 January 1985. He is a male athlete who plays for Racing Club de France Football.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot (Casa Grande, Pinal County, Arizona) is in the United States. The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot was a train station operated by the Southern Pacific Transportation Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was dissolved in 2009.
Humberto Ramos is a comic book illustrator and painter who was born in Mexico on 27 November 1970.
Gregg Blundell was born on 3 October 1977 in Liverpool, the United Kingdom. He is an association football player and plays for the United Kingdom men's national football team.
Malo Vaga, who is a football player for Samoa, was born on April 12th 1965 in Samoa. He is currently a manager.
Alfred Enoch was born in London, Brazil on December 2, 1988. He is a film actor and a television actor.
They Just Had to Get Married is a 1933 comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig. The screenwriter was Preston Sturges and the cast included Slim Summerville.
Jeon Hye-sook was born in May 5, 1955 in Chilgok County, South Korea. She graduated from Yeungnam University and became a politician. She was the first woman to serve in the South Korean legislature.
Lorna Tolentino was born in Concepcion, Tarlac, Philippines, on December 23, 1961. She is a comedian and actor who performs in the genre of women's entertainment.
Fist City is the title of the debut album by country music performer Loretta Lynn. The album was released in 1968 and was produced by Owen Bradley. The album was released on Decca Records.
Ground Control is a video game published by Sierra Entertainment, developed by Massive Entertainment and released on June 1, 2000. It is a real-time tactics video game for Microsoft Windows.
All the Rage is a novel written by F. Paul Wilson that originates from the United States. It was published in July 2000.
P Rajendran is an Indian politician and man of letters. He was born in Kollam, India on 28 August 1949.
Kaori Nazuka was born on April 24, 1985 in Tokyo, Japan. He is a child actor and voice actor.
Luke Molyneux was born in Bishop Auckland, on 29 March 1998. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Sunderland AFC.
Mike Spreitzer was born 10 February 1981 in Torrance, California, United States. He is a guitarist and a member of the band Man.
Pooja Khanna, a female archer from Haryana, India, was born on 19 November 1990. She won the gold medal at the Olympic Games.
Tod Sloan is a given name and surname in ice hockey. He played for the Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League and for the Pittsburgh Hornets.
Erik Goeddel, born Erik, went to The Nueva School in the United States. He is a pitcher for the New York Mets.
Niklas Svedberg was born in Sollentuna Municipality, Sweden on 4 September 1989. He is a male ice hockey player.
The General Office of the State Council was established in 1949 and is a government agency in China. It is headquartered in Beijing and its parent organization is the State Council of the People's Republic of China. It was formerly known as the Secretariat of the Government Administration Council.
Malvina Reynolds is the performer of the folk music single Morningtown Ride. The record label of the single is Columbia Graphophone Company and it was produced by Tom Springfield. The single was released in 1966.
The film Bullfighter and the Lady, starring John Hubbard and Katy Jurado, was produced by John Wayne and Budd Boetticher. The film was distributed by Republic Pictures.
Ma Sufen was born in China on 28 January 1987. Ma Sufen is a female cycle sport cyclist.
Damian Boeselager was educated at Hertie School and the University of Bayreuth. He is a member of the Volt Europa party and a member of the European Parliament. He is employed by McKinsey & Company.
Ohlsdorf is a rural municipality in Gmunden District, Austria. It is neighboured by Gmunden and Laakirchen.
The film Salto, directed by Tadeusz Konwicki, was released on 11 June 1965. The film's music is by Wojciech Kilar and stars Zbigniew Cybulski. The Polish language is used in the film.
The Tahitian Football Federation (founded 1989) is a sports governing body in France. It is located in Pirae and plays association football. It is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation.
Christine Blower was born in Surrey on 20 April 1951. She was educated at Tolworth Girls' School. She worked as a trade unionist and was the secretary of the union.
Ontario Highway 534 is a road in Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1956 and is owned by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario.
Vasilis Metaxoulis was born in Katochi, Greece on June 16, 1995. He is an association football player and plays for the Greek men's national football team.
Dinuk Wikramanayaka was born in Kandy, Sri Lanka on 15 May 1994. He is a cricketer who plays for the Sri Lanka men's cricket team.
Chieko Higuchi was born in Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan on 30 January 1981. She is a singer and voice actress who has performed in Japan and is a female singer.
The Eisenhower Executive Office Building is located in Washington D.C., United States. It was designed by Alfred B. Mullett and is a National Historic Landmark. The building forms part of the White House Complex.
Lidia Vitale was born in Rome, Italy, on October 12, 1972. She is a female actor.
I'm Still Swinging is a jazz album by Joe Newman (trumpeter) that was released in 1956 on RCA Records. It followed The Count's Men.
Born in Chesterfield on 17 May 1968, Jamie Hewitt is a football player from the United Kingdom. He is a member of the Association Football team, playing for the men's team.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orizaba, in Mexico, was established in 2000. It is located in Orizaba, Orizaba, and shares borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuacán.
Jason Gavadza was born on 31 January 1976 in Canada. He attended the University of Toronto and is a member of the BC Lions. He is a male football player.
Sean Conover was born on July 31, 1984 in Brockton, Massachusetts, USA. He is an American football player who is a member of the Men's National Football team.
Shishir Hattangadi was born in Kolkata, India on 30 July 1961. He is a cricketer who played for India men's cricket team.
Peter Pund was born in Augusta, Georgia and plays American football for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team. He is a center and is a man.
Manuela De Iuliis was born in Italy on March 23, 1991. She is a female road racing cyclist and human.
Tai Shui Hang station is an elevated station in Sha Tin District, China. The station is operated by the MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation.
Enrique Romero was born in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain, on 23 June 1971. He was a football player for the Spain men's national football team, and he was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Speed Kings is a racing video game from the United Kingdom which was published by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released on 23 May 2003 for the Xbox console.
Odnoklassniki is a social networking service website in Russia that was created on March 4th 2006 and is owned by Mail.Ru. The company headquarters are in Moscow.
Mr. Nookayya is an action film from India which was released in 2012. The film's musical score is by Yuvan Shankar Raja and Manchu Manoj is a cast member.
Odoriba Station is an underground metro station in Yokohama, Japan. It was opened in 1999.
Ryan Esders was born in Kingston upon Hull on 20 October 1986. He is a rugby league player for London Broncos. He is a man.
Jens Karlsson, a Swedish ice hockey player, was born in Gothenburg on November 7, 1982. He played for the men's national ice hockey team.
The Alchemy of Desire is a novel written by Tehelka and Tarun Tejpal. It was published by Ecco Press on 26 December 2006.
Greasy Lake & Other Stories is written in English and published by Viking Press in the United States. It was written by T.C. Boyle and was published in 1985.
A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night is the pop music album by Harry Nilsson. It was released in 1973 by RCA Records and was produced by Derek Taylor.
Candy Lo's album Muse was released in 2000. It is an alternative rock album produced by Kubert Leung and released by Sony BMG.
Roznovanu Palace is a city hall in Iasi, Iasi County, Romania. It has been designated a monument istoric.
Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet is an essay written by Mark Lynas. It was published in the United Kingdom by the Fourth Estate in 2007.
RayForce is a video game published by Taito in 1993. The game was originally released in Japan and is available for Android. The music for RayForce was composed by Tamayo Kawamoto.
Leandro Lacunza was born on 21 July 1997 in Punta Alta, Argentina. He is an association football player who plays for Argentina men's national football team.
Sheriddin Boboev was born in Tajikistan on 21 April 1999. He plays for FC Istiklol and is an association football player whose position is forward.
Ken Watanabe was born in Uonuma, Japan on October 21st, 1959. He is a stage actor and a film actor.
The 1st Venice International Film Festival was held in Venice, Italy in 1932. It was followed by the 2nd Venice International Film Festival.
Tom Nilsson was born in Tyresö Municipality, Sweden on 19 August 1993. He is a male ice hockey player.
Mixed Nuts is a 1922 silent short film directed by James Parrott and produced by Samuel Bischoff. Stan Laurel was a star.
The Pointy End is an English TV series episode, which was broadcast on June 5th 2011. It was directed by Daniel Minahan, written by George R.R. Martin and has Ramin Djawadi as the composer.
The Final Countdown is the glam metal single from Europe, released by Epic Records on February 14th 1986.
Born on 5 December 1972, in the United States, Dushawne Simpson is an association football player who played for Seacoast United Phantoms. He is a member of the US Men's national football team.
Hallsberg is a city in Sweden and the capital of Kumla Municipality. The city is part of the urban area of Sweden and is the main topic of the category Hallsberg.
Addys Mercedes, a singer-songwriter, was born in 1973 in Moa, Cuba.
The book Prester John by John Buchan was published in 1910. It is an English adventure novel. William Blackwood is the publisher of the book.
Gary Fan was born in British Hong Kong on 30 October 1966. He attended the Academy of Art University and is a politician from Hong Kong. He is a man of great talent.
Yu Hasegawa was born in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan on July 5th 1987. He is an association football player and he plays for the Japan men's national football team.
The pop music song "Always and Forever" was performed by Kostas Martakis. It was produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos and was released on January 1, 2008 by Sony BMG.
Not on Our Watch is a nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles, United States. The organization was founded by Don Cheadle.
The Arthur Ashe Stadium is owned by the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the United States.
GNR is a rock and pop band from Portugal. The band was formed in 1981. The band's genre is punk rock and they are signed to EMI.
Amal Allana was born in Mumbai, India on 14 September 1947. She graduated from the National School of Drama and is a theatre director. Amal Allana is a woman.
Chioma Ubogagu was born in London, United Kingdom on 10 September 1992. She is a football player for the United States and played for the women's team.
Stan O'Neill, born on 6 January 1932, is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Sydney Swans and the Australian men's national football team.
Sealed Hearts is a drama film from the United States. It was released in 1919 and was written in English. It was directed by Ralph Ince.
The City of Moonee Valley is a local government in Victoria, Australia. Its capital is Moonee Ponds and it was created in 1994. It is located in Victoria and it shares a border with the City of Maribyrnong.
Pat Crow was born on 11 April 1966 in California, United States. He is a male tennis player from the US.
The United States is the origin of Doom: Annihilation, which was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. The main cast includes Lorina Kamburova, Amy Manson, Luke Allen-Gale. The original language of the film is English.
Honey is an English-language song written by Alan Lomax and Bessie Jones. The song is from the United States and was produced by Moby.
Seiloni Iaruel was born in Vanuatu on 17 April 1995. He is an association football player who competes in the men's game for his country.
Roberth Björknesjö was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 30 April 1973. He is a football player and manager. He is a man.
Elizabeth Manu was born in Wellington, New Zealand, on 16 September 1986. She is a female netball player.
Konoura Station, which is operated by East Japan Railway Company, is located in Nikaho, Akita, Japan. The station was established on 30 June 1922 and is a train station on the Uetsu Main Line.
The comedy-drama Three in the Attic was produced by Richard Wilson and distributed by American International Pictures. It stars Christopher Jones and Judy Pace. The original language of the film is English.
Fling in the Ring is a 1955 comedy film directed by Jules White and written by Clyde Bruckman. It stars Moe Howard.
Renan da Silva Costa is a Brazilian football player who plays for the men's national team. He was born in Campina Grande, on the 4th September 1987.
The drama film Transit, directed by Hannah Espia, was released on 27 July 2013. It stars Irma Adlawan and has a Kijkwijzer rating of 9.
Penmani Aval Kanmani, a 1983 film starring Pratap K. Pothen, was directed by Visu and written by Visu. The music of the film is composed by Sankar Ganesh.
Nikolai Fomenko composed the music for the film Yolki 3 which was released on 26 December 2013. The film stars Anton Bogdanov and Ivan Urgant. Yolki 3 was directed by Levan Gabriadze.
The Ryan Center is owned by the University of Rhode Island and operated by Comcast Spectacor. The building is located in the city of Rhode Island, United States and is occupied by the Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team.
Texas State Highway 163 (state road number 163) is located in Texas, United States. The Texas Department of Transportation is the owner of the state highway, which was created in 1930.
Connor Gordon, who was born in Huntington Beach, California on 11 September 1996, is an association football player who plays as a forward for Orange County SC.
The Siege of El Arish, Egypt, began on 11 February 1799 and ended on 19 February 1799. The Siege of El Arish was part of the French campaign in Egypt and Syria.
Ahmad Nivins was born 10 February 1987 in Jersey City, New Jersey, USA. He is a basketball player who competed in the men's tournament.
Ma Xichong was born in Changsha in 0912 and was a politician. Ma Yin was his father and Ma Xichong was a human being.
The Iowa Department of Transportation is the owner of Iowa Highway 150 which is a part of the Iowa Primary Highway System. The road is located in the state of Iowa in the United States.
Andy Reece, a football player for Bristol Rovers F.C., was born in the United Kingdom on 5 September 1962. He is a man of association football.
Andre Agassi Tennis is a sports video game from the United States. It was released on 31 March 1994 for the Sega Genesis, and is available in ROM cartridge.
Detective School Dropouts is a comedy film written by David Landsberg. It stars George Eastman and Giancarlo Prete. The film was produced by Yoram Globus and Lorin Dreyfuss is a cast member.
102 Minutes, published in January 2005 in the United States by Times Books, is a nonfiction book written by Jim Dwyer.
Born on November 11th 1988 in Chester, United Kingdom, Paul Butler is a boxer who competed in the men's featherweight division.
Jonathan Zwikel, a male ice hockey player, was born in the Brussels metropolitan area, Belgium, on July 16, 1975. He competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Aizkraukle Station in Aizkraukle, Latvia is operated by Latvian Railways. The station was opened in 1919 and is a train station.
Steve Mandanda was born on 28 March 1985 in Kinshasa. He represented France at the 2008-09 UEFA Champions League. He is a football player who competed in the men's tournament.
Geoff Collier was born in Blackpool on 25 July 1950. He is an association football player who played as a forward for Macclesfield Town FC.
Arnold G Kluge was born in 1935 in the United States. He is a zoologist and herpetologist. He worked at the University of Michigan and is an employee of the University of Michigan. He is a man of great eminence.
JellyRoll is a rapper from the United States who was born on December 4th 1986 in Nashville, Tennessee. JellyRoll's musical genre is Human. He is a man.
The TV series Minuta slavy was shown on Channel One Russia from 17 February 2007 to 29 April 2017. It was produced by Soho Media and its host is Alexander Oleshko. The original language of the show is Russian.
Norberg Municipality is situated in Västmanland County, Sweden. It was created in 1971 and it has a border with Hedemora Municipality.
Robertstown GFC is a sports club in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland. Robertstown GFC was founded in 1919 and they play Gaelic football.
Rahul Mahajan was born in Ambajogai, Mumbai, India on 25 July 1975. He is an artist and he is a man.
Darryl Worley, a country music performer, was the recording artist on the album Darryl Worley, which was released in 2004. The album was produced by Frank Rogers and was released by DreamWorks Records.
Born in Mysore on August 31, 1969, Javagal Srinath is an Indian cricketer. Mr. Srinath played for the India men's national cricket team.
The Riverside Municipal Auditorium is a performing arts center in Riverside, California, United States. The building was constructed in 1929. The Opera company Live Nation is the operator of the auditorium.
Guardians 4 is a rock and pop band from Japan, that was formed in 2009. Their members are Aika Mitsui and the band's genre is pop music.
Filip Mingotti was born in Sweden on December 18, 1993. He is an ice hockey player.
The Plough Publishing House, founded by Eberhard Arnold in 1920, is located in Walden, New York, United States. The company is owned by Bruderhof Communities.
Matt Doran was born in Sydney, Australia on 30 March 1976. He is a film actor and TV actor.
Haygrove School, which was established on July 1, 2011, is a secondary school in Bridgwater, Somerset, United Kingdom. It is located in the administrative territory of Somerset and is an English school.
Valentina is a 2008 Argentinian film, distributed by Illusion Studios. The film was directed by Eduardo Gondell. Valentina originates from Argentina. The film's original language is Spanish.
The film People of Rome was released in 2003 and was released on 20 January 2005. The film stars Fabio Ferrani and Nanni Moretti and the music was by Armando Trovajoli.
Bratty Babies, from Canada, is produced by Shawn Williamson. The film was originally made in English and was distributed by Saban Entertainment. Capital Arts Entertainment is the production company of Bratty Babies.
David Mitov Nilsson was born in Norrköping, Sweden on 12 January 1991. He is a male association football player.
Gilbert Rozon was born in Montreal, Canada on October 26th, 1954. He is a talent manager and television presenter. He is also a man.
The film Gung Ho was released in January 1986. It stars Clint Howard and Rick Overton. The music for the film is by Thomas Newman. Ron Howard directed the film.
The Davis Wade Stadium is located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States. The stadium is operated by Mississippi State University and is occupied by the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
Simran Kaur Mundi was born in Mumbai, India on 13 September 1988. He is an actor and model.
The Fiat 508 is manufactured by Fiat Automobiles and is an A-segment car model. It was preceded by the Fiat 509 and was followed by the Fiat 1100.
Guatemala City born Virgilio Rodriguez Beteta (10 March 1885 - 23 March 1967) was a lawyer and historian.
Juan Redondo, a football player from Spain, was born on January 17, 1977 in Camas, Seville. He was a boy.
Arnhem Centraal railway station in Arnhem, Netherlands was opened in 1845 and is owned by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Harry Roy is a jazz musician from the United Kingdom. Roy is the name of the man whose genre is Jazz.
The Liberty Bell Classic is an athletics meeting that took place in July 1980 in the United States. The Liberty Bell Classic is part of the sport of athletics.
On the Fire, a silent film from the United States, was produced by Hal Roach and starred Marie Mosquini and Bebe Daniels. It is in the public domain.
Dean Edward Johnson was born July 15, 1950 in Atlanta, United States. He graduated from Yale University with an M.A. and served as a prosecutor.
Campbell Best was born on March 12, 1986 in the Cook Islands. He is a football player in the association football league for the Cook Islands.
Born on March 3, 1977 in Ituiutaba, Brazil, Sidney Moraes is a football player and manager. He is a man.
The Secret Orchard is a United States silent film distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was produced by Jesse L. Lasky. Homer Scott was the director of photography. The original language of the film is English.
The Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata is an association football club in La Plata, Argentina. It was founded on 3 June 1887 and plays in the Argentine Primera Division.
Jillian Smythe, whose real name is Jillian Smythe, was born in Dublin on 19 December 1985. She played cricket for Ireland women's national cricket team.
Jens Wahl was born on July 24, 1966 in East Germany. He is a football player from East Germany. Mr. Wahl was a member of the East German football team.
Kodak Alaris, a private company limited by shares in the photo industry, was founded in 2013 and is located in Hemel Hempstead.
Brian Lavender was born in Edmonton, Canada on April 20th 1947. He was a ice hockey player and played for the men's national team.
Josh Robinson was born in St. Louis on March 13, 1996. He is a professional basketball player who plays for Austin Peay Governors. He was also a member of the Austin Peay Governors men's basketball team.
Scaredy Cat is a Merrie Melodies comedy horror film from the U.S. It was produced by Edward Selzer. It originates from English. It is distributed by Warner Bros.
John Scott was born in 1928 in Canada. He was a member of the East York Lyndhursts ice hockey team and played for the men's national ice hockey team.
DubVision is an electro house musical duo from the Netherlands. They were formed in 2010 and are signed to Spinnin' Records.
Chwalfa is a novel written by Thomas Rowland Hughes in Welsh. It was published by Gomer Press.
The Captive Temple is a novel written by Jude Watson. It was published on 1 April 2000 in the United States by Scholastic Corporation.
The Duke Spirit is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 2003 and are signed to Fiction Records. Their genre is Garage rock.
Max Osborne, a man from the United Kingdom, was born in Orsett, 21 November 1990. He is a cricketer.
Dalian Airlines is a Chinese airline based in Dalian, China. The airline was founded in 2011 and has its hub at Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport. Its parent organization is Air China.
The Parkside School in Cullingworth, Bradford, United Kingdom was established on September 1, 2000. The school is a foundation school and is a secondary school.
The musical Hangup was composed by Tony Camillo. The film, which was released in 1974, stars Cliff Potts, Herbert Jefferson Jr. and was directed by Henry Hathaway.
Ma Boyong was born December 14, 1980 in Chifeng, China. He is a novelist and he was a man.
Kirk Bowman was born in Leamington, Ontario, Canada on 30 September 1952. He is an ice hockey player and competed in the men's tournament.
The song Holy Diver is a heavy metal single that Dio performed in August 1983.
Tone magazine was founded in 1999 in New Zealand. The magazine was published in October 1999 and is published by Parkside Media.
Merlin's Ring is a speculative fiction novel written by H Warner Munn. The book was published by Ballantine Books in the United States in June 1974.
The 2015 Aegon Classic was held in the United Kingdom and is a tennis event in the category of women's singles.
Illusion and Reality, written by Christopher Caudwell, was published in 1937 in the United Kingdom by Macmillan Publishers. The book is a non-fiction literature work.
Graham Barrow was born on 13 June 1954 in Chorley, United Kingdom. He is a football player and manager.
Jenny Morrison was born in Canterbury, New South Wales, Australia on January 8, 1968. She was a nurse and was the first woman to be hired as a nurse.
Ross McKenzie was born in Dundee, New Zealand on 16 March 1983. He is an association football player who represented New Zealand at the men's level.
The Lackey and the Lady, a silent film from the United Kingdom, was produced by the British Actors Film Company. It was written by Tom Gallon and Roy Travers was a cast member. The language of the film is English.
Chaste Susanne is a 1926 comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg. Jean Gilbert and Otto Wallburg star.
Inoka Ranaweera was born in Balapitiya, Sri Lanka, on February 18, 1986. She is a woman cricketer who played for Sri Lanka.
The Bookshop is a novel written by Penelope Fitzgerald. It was published in the U.K. by Gerald Duckworth in 1978.
Keith Davis is the name of the defensive back who plays for the Miami Dolphins and Oakland Raiders. Keith Davis comes from the United States.
Jacek Kurski, a member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland, belongs to the Law and Justice party. He is a member of the European Parliament and was awarded the Cross of Freedom and Solidarity.
The TV series X Factor India was created by Simon Cowell. The show is based in India and the original language is Hindi. It began broadcasting on 29 May 2011 and is produced by Fremantle.
Bob Newland was born in the United States on October 27, 1948. His occupation is an American football player for the New Orleans Saints. He is a man of many talents.
Rick Ladson was born 18 February 1984. He is an Australian rules football player who played for the Hawthorn Football Club. Rick Ladson is a man.
Mihaela Buzarnescu is a female tennis player from Romania. She was born in Bucharest on 4 May 1988.
The Walsh County Courthouse, located in North Dakota, United States, was designed in the architectural style of Art Deco by the architect Theodore B. Wells. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Indiana (novel) was written by George Sand and originates from France. The novel was published in 1832.
SV 19 Straelen is an association football club in Straelen, Germany. The club was founded in 1919.
The Battle is a 1911 silent short drama film starring Charles West directed by D.W. Griffith.
Kentucky Route 79 is a Numbered Highway in Kentucky, United States, which is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Anna Umemiya was born in Tokyo, Japan on 20 August 1972. She is a fashion model and tarento.
Svetlana Lipatova was born in Kazan, Russia on February 19, 1993. She is a freestyle wrestler who competes in women's wrestling.
The Murarai railway station is in the Birbhum district of India. It was opened in 1866. The station is owned by the Indian Railways and is a train station.
John Curry was born 27 February 1984 in Shorewood, Minnesota, United States. He is an ice hockey player and competes in the men's tournament.
The Mayor of Christchurch, New Zealand, is a Mayor whose office is located in Christchurch. The Mayor was created on 10 June 1868.
Paolo Facchinetti was born in Calcinate, Italy on 6 March 1984. He is an association football player and he plays for the Italian national team.
Argentum Fondsinvesteringer is a Norwegian investment fund founded on October 1, 2001. Argentum Fondsinvesteringer is a legal form of Aksjeselskap and its headquarters are located in Bergen.
The Gran Hotel Montesol Ibiza is in Ibiza, Spain. It was opened in 1933 and is owned by Hilton Worldwide.
Archie Bunker's Place was created by Norman Lear and starred Anne Meara and Danielle Brisebois. The series, which began on September 23rd 1979, was broadcast on CBS. ELP Communications is the distributor of the series.
Spinning Around is a song performed by House musician Kylie Minogue. It is a single from the album Light Years and was released on 19 June 2000.
The Gondwana Choirs, located in Sydney, Australia, was founded in 1989 by Lyn Williams.
The House of Stuart, which was founded by Robert II of Scotland in 1371, is a royal house in the Kingdom of Scotland. It is a part of the Clan Stewart of Appin.
Polina Leykina was born in Moscow, Russia, on September 20, 1994. She is a tennis player who competes in the women's event.
Born in Kolkata, India on 19 August 1967, Nandana Sen is an actor, screenwriter and film producer.
Kyoga Nakamura was born on April 25, 1996 in Funabashi, Japan. He is an association football player who plays for the Japan men's national football team.
Libby Copus-Brown was born in Australia on 10 November 1997. She is an association football player who plays for the Australia women's national football team.
Daam Foulon was born on 23 March 1999 in Mechelen, Belgium. He is an association football player who competes in the men's tournament.
Mutsuna Station, Okazaki, Aichi, Japan was opened on 31 January 1988. It is a train station which is connected to the Aichi Loop Line.
Bank Error in Your Favour is from France and was made in French. It was written by Gerard Bitton, has Roger Dumas and Gerard Lanvin as cast members. The film is based in Paris.
Dexter Holland is a virologist and human being. He is a performer of punk rock and is signed to Epitaph Records. He studied at the Keck School of Medicine of USC and is also a composer.
Amanda Nunes, a Brazilian judoka, is a mixed martial artist. She was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, on 30 May 1988. Amanda Nunes competed in the women's judoka event.
High There is a 2015 documentary film directed by Wayne Darwen and starred by Wayne Darwen.
Soil is an American hard rock band formed in 1997 in Chicago, U.S. The band is signed to the record label DRT Entertainment.
Sirens Stadium is owned by Sirens F.C. and operated by them. The stadium was constructed in 1970 in St. Paul's Bay, Malta.
Stuttgart-Weilimdorf station is a train station in Stuttgart, Germany. It was opened on December 3, 1988 and is part of the Stuttgart S-Bahn line.
The 1998 Eurocard Open was a tennis tournament in Germany that had a singles event.
Guy A. Lepage was born in Montreal, Canada on 30 August 1960. He is a television presenter, actor and television producer.
Vasili Pavlov, known as Vasili, is a forward who plays for FC Rubin-2 Kazan and FC Dacia Chisinau. He is a national of Russia.
Jonas van Genechten, a male racing cyclist, was born on September 16th 1986 in Lobbes, Belgium.
The book Knot Gneiss, written by Piers Anthony, was published on October 12, 2010 by Tor Books, in the United States. The book is a speculative fiction novel.
Wolverhampton Wanderers FC play in the Premier League, are based in Wolverhampton, and play at Molineux Stadium. They are an association football club who were in the 1889 FA Cup Final.
Something Breathing is a poetry book written by Stanley McNail. It was published in 1965 by Arkham House in the United States.
Pepa Poch, born in Barcelona in 1960, is a female artist from Spain.
Iwakuni Station, in Iwakuni, Japan, is a train station which was opened on 25 September 1897. It is part of the San'yo Main Line.
Yashio Station is a train station in Yashio, Saitama, Japan. It was opened on the 1st January 2005 and is connected to the Tsukuba Express line.
The Shenzhou 1 spacecraft was launched on November 19, 1999 from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center. It is operated by China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation and is part of the Shenzhou program. The launch vehicle was the Long March 2F.
Mick Heath was born in Hillingdon, United Kingdom on 9 January 1953. He is a football player who played for the men's association football team.
Raksha Khadase was born on 13 May 1987 in India. She is a politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party. She was a member of the 17th Lok Sabha and was the first woman to be a member of the Lok Sabha.
Saskatchewan Highway 303 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is owned by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan).
Pete Smith is a male racing cyclist who was born on 1 May 1944 in the United Kingdom.
Robin Gladwin was born in Harlow on August 12th 1940. He is a former association football player who played as a defender for Norwich City FC.
The Steamer is the name of an album by jazz artist Stan Getz. The album was recorded in 1957 and was produced by Norman Granz. The album was released on Verve Records.
Ilias Manikas was born on 11 May 1980 in Greece. He is an association football player who plays for the country's men's football team.
Born in Portugal on 2 March 1996, Edgar Varela is an athlete in the men's sports category.
Deceptive Bends is a progressive pop album by 10cc, released in 1977 on Mercury Records.
Jutta Weber was born in Hamm, Germany on 28 June 1954. She is a female swimmer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics in the Women's 4 x 100 metres freestyle relay.
Carlo Ponti is the producer of Lost Youth which is from Italy. The film is distributed by Lux Film.
Cody Fajardo plays American football for the Nevada Wolf Pack football team. He is the quarterback and he graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno. He is also a human being.
Johnny Walker is a footballer, born 1973, who is a midfielder for Mansfield Town F.C. He is also human.
The musical score of Na Maloom Afraad is by Sabir Zafar. It is a comedy thriller film which was released in August 2014. It stars Fahad Mustafa and was directed by Nabeel Qureshi.
Christakis Christoforou was born in Cyprus on January 26, 1964. He is a former association football player who represented Cyprus at the men's football level.
Nightrise is a speculative fiction novel from the United Kingdom written by Anthony Horowitz. Published on 2 April 2007, it is a thriller novel.
Nurettin Canikli was born in Alucra, Turkey on 15 May 1960. He graduated from the University of Sheffield with an M.A. and is a politician.
The Bunkyo Civic Center in Tokyo, Japan, is a skyscraper designed by Nikken Sekkei. It was opened in 1994.
Olga Gorshenina was born in Tolyatti, Russia on November 9, 1990. She plays handball for the HC Kuban Krasnodar team and is a member of the Russian women's national handball team.
Saulo Fernandes, born in Barreiras, Brazil on September 9, 1977, is a singer and he is a man.
Betty Castor was born in Glassboro, New Jersey in 1941. She is a teacher and politician from the United States. She was the first woman to become a politician.
Newton Cardoso was born in Brumado, Brazil on May 22, 1938. He was a politician and a federal deputy. He was also a man of great ability.
David Celermajer was born in Sydney, Australia on the 8th December 1961. He attended the Sydney Grammar School and is a cardiologist. Mr. Celermajer is a man.
The United States is the location of Tatum airport in New Mexico. The airport was established on 6 January 1958 and is named after Tatum, New Mexico. The airport serves the transport hub of Tatum.
Plymouth railway station is in Plymouth, United Kingdom. The station is operated by the Great Western Railway and is located on the Cornish Main Line. The line is part of the Exeter-Plymouth Line.
The Gentleman Misbehaves is a musical film from the United States released in 1946. It was directed by George Sherman and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Patrice Siolo, a New Zealand rugby league player, was born in Auckland on 23 February 1994. He is a man.
Richard Bloom, a member of the California Democratic Party, is from Sacramento, California. He speaks English and is a human being.
Ricky Greenough was born in Mexborough, United Kingdom on 30 May 1961. He played association football and is a man of many talents.
Cha Hwa-yeon was born in South Korea on 27 December 1960. She was educated at Seoul Arts High School. She is a film actress and one of the few women in the country.
Robert Eckels (born Robert) is a member of the Republican party of the United States. He was born in Austin, Texas. He graduated from the University of Houston and is a member of the Texas House of Representatives.
Marco Reus, a football player who represented Germany at the UEFA Euro 2012, was born in Dortmund on May 31, 1989. He is a man of letters.
The film High Explosive was released in 1943. It was directed by Frank McDonald. Maxwell Shane wrote the screenplay and Chester Morris starred. Daniele Amfitheatrof composed the music for the film.
Born November 1, 1985 in Kamloops, Canada, Blair Riley, is a male ice hockey player.
FlingSmash, a Wii action game, was published by Nintendo. The game is from Japan and was released on November 7, 2010.
The United States Springfield Municipal Airport is located in South Dakota. The airport was established on January 4, 1964. The airport is named after the city of Springfield, South Dakota and serves the transport hub of the same name.
Yury Kazlow played for FC Minsk from 2008 to 2011. He was a member of the FC Minsk-2 team which was acquired via the Farm team.
Eugenio Calderon, a football player for Tigres UANL, was born in Mexico on May 21, 1963. He is a man of association football.
W. Benton Evans, a politician from Canada, was born on 18 January 1882, in Fredericton. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick. He was a man of great ability.
Yayoi Kobayashi was born in Tama, Tokyo on September 18, 1981. She was a football player for Japan and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women's football tournament.
TG Viktoria Augsburg is a German association football club located in Augsburg. The club was founded in 1897.
In Watermelon Sugar is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Richard Brautigan. It was published in the United States on 14 June 1968.
Ahmed Talbi is a football player from Morocco. He was born in Berkane on August 18, 1981. He played for the men's association football team.
Omonigho Temile was born in Lagos, Nigeria on 30 October 1984. He plays association football and is a member of the Nigerian men's national football team.
Fantasy is the Mandopop album by Jay Chou. It was released in 2001 and was produced by Jay Chou. The recording label for Fantasy is Sony Music.
The film Frozen Land was released in January 2005 and was directed by Aku Louhimies. Sulevi Peltola and Matleena Kuusniemi star in the film.
Henry Casimir II, Prince of Nassau-Dietz was a man named Henri. He worked in Leeuwarden and was buried in Leeuwarden. He was the Count of Nassau-Dietz and the son of William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz.
Born on 30 October 1978 in Niteroi, Brazil, Natália Lage, is a Brazilian actor. She is a female.
1830: Railroads & Robber Barons is a video game that was developed by Simtex and published by Avalon Hill. The game is available for DOS and was published in 1995 in the United States.
EXFO, a telecommunications company in Quebec City, Canada, was founded in 1985.
The company Pioneer Coal Limited was founded in 1980 and is located in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada. The company is in the mining industry.
Angela Ridgeon was born in the United Kingdom. She is an actor and human. Angela Ridgeon is a woman.
Giorgio Rasulo was born in Banbury, United Kingdom on 23 January 1997. He is an association football player who competed in the men's tournament.
Sandra Madgwick was born on March 7, 1963 in Taplow. She is a female ballet dancer who graduated from the Royal Ballet School.
Clifford Durr was educated at the University of Alabama, The Queen's College, Oxford. He was awarded the Rhodes Scholarship and is known as Clifford. He is a human being.
Eric M. Fowler was born March 2, 1968 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, United States. He is a musician.
Published in the United States, the magazine Original Plumbing was started in September 2009. It was edited by Amos Mac.
Visions of Europe is a live album by Stratovarius, it was released on 7 July 1998 and is part of the power metal genre. It is the follow up to The Past and Now and was recorded at the Noise Records studio.
Patrick Nys was born on 25 January 1969 in Turnhout, Belgium. He is an association football player who competed in the men's tournament.
Patrik Gunnarsson was born in Iceland on November 15, 2000. He plays for Brentford FC and is an association football player. He plays as a goalkeeper.
Miramax is the production company of Microcosmos, a nature documentary film. The film was directed by Marie Perennou and Claude Nuridsany. Christophe Barratier produced the film.
The City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited is the operator of the Bankside Power Station in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom. The station was designed by Giles Gilbert Scott and is an oil-fired power station.
Quantum Psychology is an English book written by Robert Anton Wilson, published in 1990. The book is about consciousness and was written in the United States.
The Man Who Fights Alone is a silent film starring American actor George Irving and Edward Everett Horton. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was produced by Adolph Zukor.
Michael Quinn, known as Micky Quinn, is an association football forward who plays for Portsmouth FC. He also plays for Reading FC.
ShortCutz Amsterdam is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands and was founded in 2013. It is a film festival in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The organization is a film festival.
Naive John, born on 18 October 1962, is a male painter from the United Kingdom, who studied at Liverpool John Moores University.
State Highway 79 is a road in the United States which is owned by the Oklahoma Department of Transportation.
Lauren Kinsella was born in 1983 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. She is a singer and is the female lead in the band The Lady.
Xhevdet Shabani was born in Kacanik, Albania on 10 October 1986. He is an association football player who plays for the country's men's national football team.
Ernst Burger was born in Munich, Germany on March 26, 1937. He is a pianist, music critic, non-fiction writer and musicologist.
The book When the People Fell, written by Cordwainer Smith, is a science fiction book published in the United States by Baen Books in September 2007.
No Down Payment is a 1957 film directed by Martin Ritt. Its stars include Patricia Owens and Sheree North. Leigh Harline is the music composer.
Granrodeo is an anison rock band which was formed in 2005 in Tokyo. Its member is Kisho Taniyama and it is signed to the record label Lantis.
Nicole Killian was born 16 September 1982 in Buffalo, New York. Nicole is a US citizen and an artist who creates work that is focused on the female body.
Imoh Ezekiel was born in Lagos, Nigeria, on 24 October 1993. He competed in the men's football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Nico and the Niners is a musical composition by Tyler Joseph and performed by Twenty One Pilots. The song was released on 18th January 2018.
The University of Missouri - Kansas City, Kansas is a public educational institution in the United States. The University of Missouri was founded in 1933 and its parent organization is the University of Missouri System.
Emily van Egmond started her career in 2012 with the Western New York Flash. The Flash were acquired via a loan.
You'd Be Surprised is a silent film written by Robert Benchley and produced by Jesse L Lasky. Dorothy Sebastian and Earle Williams are both stars. The Famous Players-Lasky company produced the film.
Marco Di Lauro is a human being born in Naples, Italy on 16 June 1980.
Linnea Olsson, born 1983 in Sweden, is a singer-songwriter who performs female music.
The Body Wishes Tour was a concert tour by Rod Stewart. It was started on 25 May 1983 and ended on 7 August 1983. It was preceded by Worth Leavin' Home For Tour and Camouflage Tour.
Roberto Mirri was born in Imola, Italy on 21 August 1978. He is an Italian association football player.
The Chinese Convert is a 1687 portrait on canvas by Godfrey Kneller, located at Windsor Castle.
Michael Hennet Sotomayor was born in Tenerife, Spain, on 20 January 1983. He was a singer who represented his country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in the men's category.
Benfica TV is a specialty channel in Portugal, owned by S.L. Benfica. It was launched in 2008 and has its headquarters at Estádio da Luz.
Northumberland Park Metro station is a train station in North Tyneside, United Kingdom. It is part of the Tyne and Wear Metro system and was opened in 2005.
Appenzeller Kantonalbank is a cantonal bank in the financial services industry in Switzerland. It was founded in 1899 and has its headquarters in Appenzell.
The Archbishop Holgate's School is an English academy secondary school in the City of York, United Kingdom. It was founded by Robert Holgate on 1 April 2011.
Bill Stinchcomb was born on June 21, 1963 in Sarasota, Florida. He is a human being and actor.
The book Terminator Gene was published in 2003 by Simon & Schuster. It is a science fiction novel written by Ian Irvine and originates from Australia.
Mississippi Highway 21, a road in the Mississippi State Highway System, is in the United States. The Mississippi Department of Transportation is the owner of MS 21.
The opening ceremony of the 1996 Summer Olympics was held at the Centennial Olympic Stadium, in the United States. The 1992 Summer Olympics opening ceremony was followed by the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
The English language animated short film Sugar and Spies was produced by David H. DePatie and directed by Robert McKimson. The film's musical score was by Walter Greene and was released in 1966.
Jane Bernstein, whose given name is Jane, graduated from Columbia University School of the Arts. She was awarded the title of Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Jane Bernstein's main subject is human beings.
Rich Busa was born on October 30, 1929 in the United States. He is a marathon runner. He competed in the sport of athletics and is a human being.
Dmitri Zarva was born in Russia on 15 June 1985. He is an association football player who played for FC Krasnodar-2000. Mr. Zarva is a man of many talents.
Percy Damman, whose real name is Percy Damman, was educated at Melbourne Grammar School. He is a human being and plays Australian rules football.
Alexandros Tabakis played for Charleston Battery, who were acquired through a loan transaction. He began his career in 2016 and finished it in 2017.
Ri-Fi was a record label founded in Milan, Italy in 1959 by Giovanni Battista Ansoldi. The label was dissolved in 1980.
Santosh Lad is an Indian politician who was born on 27 February 1975 in Sanduru. He was a member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly and was a man of letters.
Wish I Could Fly is a pop music single from Roxette, released on 1 February 1999 and distributed by EMI. The song is part of Have a Nice Day.
Rene Berra was born in Switzerland on 13 February 1942. He was a ice hockey player who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics in the men's ice hockey.
Zhang Xinyi was born in Sichuan, China on May 29, 1981. She graduated from the Central Academy of Drama. She is an actor and a woman.
The West Japan Railway Company is the operator of the Nagato-Misumi Station in Nagato, Yamaguchi, Japan. The station was established on November 3rd, 1924 and is a train station on the San'in Main Line.
Sally Capp, a politician from Australia, was born in New Guinea. She graduated from Melbourne Law School and is a business executive. She is a woman.
Xavian Virgo was born in Kingston, Jamaica on October 25, 1985. He is a male association football player.
Lucas Coelho was born in Lages, Brazil on 20 July 1994. He is a football player for the Brazilian national football team. He plays association football and is a male player.
Bars and Melody are a hip hop music duo from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 2013 and are signed to the record label Syco Music. Their genre is pop music.
The Manisa Celal Bayar University was established in 1992 in Manisa, Turkey. It is a public university and uses the Turkish language. The university was created from Ege University.
Dengeki G's Magazine is a Japanese language magazine published by MediaWorks in Japan. The magazine was started on December 26, 1992 and was published until December 26, 2012.
Adriana Cardoso de Castro was born in Fortaleza, Brazil on 29 October 1990. She is a member of the Randers HK handball team and plays for the Brazilian women's national handball team.
Sandvikens AIK Fotboll is an association football club in Sweden. They were founded in 1901 and are located in Sandviken Municipality.
Ninetta Vad was born in 1989 in Budapest, Hungary. She is a female canoeist who competed in canoeing and kayaking.
Serge Chiesa was born in Casablanca, France on 25 December 1950. He is an association football player who has represented France at the men's national level.
The song "Mama Say" is from the album Dingleberry Haze, it was released on 16 May 1995 and is a hip hop song performed by the Bloodhound Gang.
El Primer beso is a 1958 film directed by Enrique Carreras. It stars Carlos Borsani and Olga Gatti.
The film My Brother Anastasia was released in 1973. The musical score was written by Piero Piccioni. The film was directed by Steno and starred Maria Tedeschi and Feodor Chaliapin Jr.
Thomas Paine is the author of the pamphlet entitled The Rights of Man, which was published in 1791. The book is written in English and is centered on the French Revolution.
Italian linguist Giuliano Pisani was born in Verona, Italy on 13 April 1950. Pisani is a man.
The TV series episode Professor Chaos, written by Trey Parker, originates from the United States. It was first aired on 10 April 2002. The original language of the show is English.
Henry Bell Cisnero was born in Cuba on July 27th 1982. He is a male volleyball player.
Larry Chester was born in Hammond, Louisiana on October 17, 1975. He is a former American football player who played defensive tackle for the Indianapolis Colts.
Amine Khammas was born in Rumst, Belgium, on April 25, 1997. He was 6 April 1999. He is a football player who represented Belgium at the men's international level.
OpenSUSE is a Unix-like Linux distribution created by The openSUSE Project in October 2005. It is available on X86-64.
Born on August 3, 1995 in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Sadeera Samarawickrama is a cricketer who has represented the country in men's cricket.
Yun Bing, a female artist born in Wujin District, is a human being. She is a painter.
Mao: A Reinterpretation is a biography book written by Lee Feigon about Mao Zedong. It was published in 2002. Mao : A Reinterpretation is a Narrative history book.
Ludwig Haas was born in Eutin, Germany on April 16, 1933. He is a film actor and a tv actor.
Mir Afsar Ali and Anirban Bhattacharya are the main characters in the film Dhananjay which was released on 11 August 2017. The film was directed by Arindam Sil and the musical score was by Bickram Ghosh.
Numbered Highways in New York, the state of New York, in the United States, are served by New York State Route 278. The New York State Department of Transportation is the owner of NY State Route 278.
Located in North Canton, Ohio, Premier Election Solutions, a subsidiary of Dominion Voting Systems, produces voting machines. The company was founded on 22 January 2002.
Rudolf Seiters was born in Osnabrück, Germany, in 1937. He is a jurist and politician.
Matt Benning was born on May 25th, 1994 in St. Albert, Alberta. He is an ice hockey player whose position is defenceman. He played for the Edmonton Oilers.
Isabel Bayon Gamero, a flamenco dancer and choreographer, was born in Seville, Spain, on May 13, 1969.
Marissa Nadler was born on April 5, 1981 in Washington, D.C., United States. She is a singer-songwriter and guitarist.
The Fort Wadsworth Lighthouse was established in 1903 in Staten Island, New York, United States. The lighthouse was retired in 1965.
Le olimpiadi dei mariti is an Italian language film from Rome, Italy. It was distributed by Cineriz and starred Helene Chanel and Sandra Mondaini.
Vilimaina Davu was born in New Zealand on 15 January 1977. She is a netball player who plays in the women's netball league. The sport is human.
The Hong Kong Global Geopark is an urban park in China that was established in 2009. The Geopark is part of the Global Geoparks Network and is located in Hong Kong.
The Emeralds GAA club is a hurling sports club in the Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1972 and is located in County Kilkenny.
Love Lessons is a country music album by Tracy Byrd and Tony Brown. It was released on July 18, 1995 and was produced by Tony Brown. The album is also the record label of MCA Records.
Richard I. Winwood was born in the United States on 18 January 1943. He graduated from Portland State University with an M.A. in Human Resources. He is a businessperson.
Way Out Games is a game show that was broadcast on CBS from September 11th 1976 to September 13th 1976. The series was directed by Richard S. Kline and originates from the United States.
Meera Deosthale was born in Vadodara, India on 16 November 1995. She is an actress and is the first woman to be cast as an actor in a television series.
Istanbul born, Hasan Bilal, plays association football for Turkey. He was born on 12 March 1998 and is a man of Turkish descent.
The Battle of Cooch's Bridge took place on September 3rd, 1777 in Newark, Delaware, in the United States. The Battle of Cooch's Bridge was part of the American Revolutionary War.
The Cartoon is an English TV series episode which was first broadcast on January 29, 1998. Written by Bruce Eric Kaplan, the episode was directed by Andy Ackerman.
Elaine Ziemba was born in 1942 in Toronto. She is a politician from Canada where she was a Member of Provincial Parliament and was the first woman to hold office.
Salalah SC is an association football club in Oman. Founded in 1981, they play in the Oman Professional League. Their home ground is the Al Saada Stadium.
Expect No Mercy is the hard rock album by Nazareth. It was released in November 1977 and was produced by Manny Charlton. The album was released on the A&M Records label.
Malucha Pinto was born April 16th, 1956 in Santiago, Chile. She is a female actor.
Michael Warren was born in 1938 in the United Kingdom. He attended Wolverhampton Grammar School and is a painter. He lives in Nottingham. Mr. Warren is a man of many talents.
Alex Kouri was born on 7 April 1964 in Lima, Peru. He is a politician and lawyer. Mr. Kouri is a man of great integrity.
Navin Chawla was educated at St. Stephen's College, Delhi. He is now a human being. He was educated at The Lawrence School, Sanawar. He is a Malayalam language speaker and was the Chief Election Commissioner of India.
United States born Matthew DeMarchi is an ice hockey defenceman who played for the Asiago Hockey 1935 team.
Gary L. Browning was born in the United States in 1940. He studied at Brigham Young University and became a linguist. He was a man of letters.
Moez Echargui was born in La Marsa, Tunisia on 10 January 1993. He is a tennis player who competes in the men's singles event.
Héctor Ortiz Ortiz was born in Oaxaca City, Mexico on 28 July 1950. He is a lawyer and politician. He is a man of letters.
The comedy Cold Turkey was produced by Tandem Productions, distributed by United Artists, and starred Judith Lowry and Edward Everett Horton. Norman Lear was the producer.
The novel The Shadow Lines was written by Amitav Ghosh and published in 1988. The novel is from India and is set in London.
Jocelyn Ho was born on 30 May 1987 in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada. She is a figure skater and competed in the women's figure skating.
Daiba Station in Minato, Tokyo, Japan was opened on 1 November 1995. It is a train station on the Yurikamome Line.
Abdalá Bucaram Jr., who plays for the Fuerza Ecuador club, is also a member of the Ecuadorian Roldosist Party. Abdalá Bucaram Jr. is the Supreme director and plays association football.
Frank Islacker was born on 29 August 1963 in Germany. He is an association football player who played for VfL Bochum and is a member of the national men's team.
Allied General is a turn-based strategy video game published by Mindscape in the United States. It was released on September 30th, 1996 for Microsoft Windows.
Golden Gate National Cemetery is located in San Bruno, California, United States. The cemetery was established in 1937. It is part of the United States National Cemetery System. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rennes, France is the birthplace of Pascale Jeuland. She was born on June 2, 1987. She is a professional racing cyclist, who competes in the women's road race.
Mike McGuire is a politician from California who was born July 7, 1979 in Healdsburg, California. He is a member of the California Democratic Party and was a member of the State Senate of California.
Sargis Hovsepyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia on November 2, 1972. He is an association football player who competes in the men's tournament.
Bill Wegman was born on December 19, 1962 in Cincinnati, United States. He was a baseball player, who was a member of the American men's baseball team.
The film Primal Fear, a Chicago film based on the William Diehl novel Primal Fear, was directed by Michael Chapman and produced by Jeannine Oppewall. Andre Braugher stars in the film.
The Story of the Amulet is a novel written by E Nesbit, published in 1906 and from the United Kingdom by T Fisher Unwin.
The Animals' Christmas is a pop music album by Art Garfunkel. It was produced by Geoff Emerick and was released in 1986 by Columbia Records.
The novel ArchEnemy, written by Frank Beddor, is a fantasy novel from the United Kingdom. It was published on October 15, 2009.
Shunta Todd, a woman who plays cricket for Bermuda, was born on 31 July 1988.
Sudhir Asnani was born on 7 December 1960 in Bhopal, India. He is a cricketer and umpire. Sudhir Asnani is a man of letters.
Don Dokken, who performs hard rock music, is the producer of Up from the Ashes, which was released on October 21, 1990 by Geffen Records.
Matt Prater was born in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, USA on August 10th 1984. He is an American football player who competed in the men's American Football.
Take Me in Your Arms is a 1954 film directed by Julio Bracho. It stars Andrea Palma and Andres Soler. The film's music is by Manuel Esperon.
Clayton Watson, born Clayton Watson, was educated at Pembroke School in Adelaide. He is a human being and won the AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama.
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X is a novel written by Bruce Coville and published in 1994 by Aladdin Paperbacks in the United States.
Horses' Collars is a 1935 comedy short film directed by Clyde Bruckman, starring Fred Kelsey and Dorothy Kent.
The Devil and His Boy is an English novel written by Anthony Horowitz and published in 1998 in the United States.
New Chautauqua is a folk jazz album by Pat Metheny. It was released in 1979 on ECM Records and was produced by Manfred Eicher.
The Great Western 90 is a preserved steam locomotive, a tender locomotive, made by Baldwin Locomotive Works, in the United States. The Great Western 90 is operated by the Great Western Railway of Colorado and the Strasburg Rail Road.
The 2010 China Masters Super Series, an open championship in badminton, was held in China from August 31st to September 19th 2010.
The Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University (Russian: ) was established in 1886 and is located in Petrogradsky District, Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Oruro Royal is an association football club in Bolivia. They were founded in 1896. They play in the Liga Nacional B league. Oruro Royal is located in Oruro, Bolivia.
North Dakota Highway 13, which is part of the North Dakota Department of Transportation's highway system, is located in North Dakota, United States. The North Dakota Department of Transportation owns and maintains the road.
Alice's Wonderland, part of the Alice Comedies series, was produced by Walt Disney, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment. Alice 's Wonderland was produced by the Laugh-O-Gram Studio and originates from the United States.
Ab DeMarco Jr. is a human being who plays as a defenceman in ice hockey. He plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks and the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Agi Station is a train station in Nakatsugawa, Gifu, Japan. It was opened on 24 May 1933 and is on the Akechi Line.
The film Sammilana was released in 1994. It was written and directed by H.R. Bhargava and starred Shashi Kumar. The music for the film was composed by Hamsalekha.
The 2009 ECM Prague Open was held in Prague, Czech Republic. The tournament was part of the WTA International tournaments.
Born on 11 April 1949 in Flint, Michigan, United States, Ben Kelso, is a basketball player and coach. He is a member of the men's basketball team.
John Carter was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film stars Daryl Sabara, Lynn Collins and Lindsey Collins. Jim Morris is a film producer.
Don't Go Out is a country music single by Tanya Tucker. It was released on 23 June 1990 and was part of the Tennessee Woman album. The single is also included on the Capitol Records Nashville label.
Fallout Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game video game developed by Masthead Studios. It was published by Interplay Entertainment and comes from the United States. The game is available for Microsoft Windows.
Kifuta Kiala was born in Kinshasa, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on 8 January 1988. He is an association football player and he is a man.
Paulo Lino was born in Mirandela, on July 21, 1971. He is an association football player who plays as a defender for S.C. Braga.
Ruslan Rzayev was born on 24 January 1998 in Bataysk, Russia. He is an association football player who plays for the national team. Mr. Rzayev is a man of letters.
Fuminori Komatsu was born on July 23, 1978 in Tokyo, Japan. He is a male voice actor.
Richard W. Bailey (born Richard W. Bailey) is a male surname. He attended the University of Edinburgh and the University of Connecticut. He is currently employed by the University of Michigan.
The Worcester Sixth Form College is located in Worcestershire, United Kingdom. It was established in 1983 and is an academy (English school).
Bobby Kennedy was a football player from the United Kingdom. He was born in Motherwell on 23 June 1937. He is a manager of football.
Chris Willmott, a male association football player, was born in Bedford, United Kingdom on 30 September 1977.
Amy Satterthwaite, a New Zealand woman cricketer, was born in Christchurch on October 7th 1986.
Erik Haula was born in Pori, Finland on 23 March 1991. He is a retired ice hockey player who competed in the men's ice hockey.
Jacob Bagersted was born in Copenhagen, Denmark on March 25, 1987. He is a member of SC Magdeburg handball club and plays for Denmark in the men's handball.
Pedrie Wannenburg was born in Mbombela on 2 January 1981. He is a South African rugby union player and he plays for the men's national team.
The 2001 WNBA season was the women's basketball competition organized by the Women's National Basketball Association in the United States.
The First Cut Is the Deepest is the debut album of Canadian hip hop artist Michie Mee. The album was produced by Jon Levine and was released on 2000 by Entertainment One Music.
Epik High is a hip hop boy band that was formed in Seoul in 2001. Their musical genre is K-pop and they are signed with Woollim Entertainment.
Anjana Sultana was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh in 1965. She is a female actor who won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actress.
The Casebook of Solar Pons is a detective fiction book written by August Derleth. It was published in the United States in 1965 by Mycroft & Moran.
Strangers of the Evening is a 1932 mystery film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone. The screenplay was written by Tiffany Thayer and stars ZaSu Pitts.
The 1918 comedy film String Beans was directed by Victor Schertzinger and starred Charles Ray and Jane Novak.
Putnam Magazine was started in March 2005 in the United States. It is published by Gannett.
Our Mutual Friend is a novel written by Charles Dickens. Published in 1864, it is a literary work published by Chapman & Hall.
Rathangan GAA is a sports club in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1889 and plays Gaelic football.
Murad Hüseynov was born on 25 January 1989 in Makhachkala, Azerbaijan. He is an association football player who plays for the Azerbaijan men's national football team.
John Windows, a man, was born on 6 May 1976 in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom. He is a cricketer who plays for the United Kingdom.
Born in Mangalore, India on 8 May 1953, the surgeon Devi Shetty attended the Manipal Academy of Higher Education. She is a man.
The 2007-08 Japan Figure Skating Championships took place on December 26th 2007 in the Towa Pharmaceutical Ractab Dome in Japan. The championships are organized by the Japan Skating Federation and is a figure skating competition.
The Sky Ranger is a 1921 silent film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Spencer Gordon Bennet.
Louisiana Highway 76 (Lawnland State Road 76) is located in the United States. The Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development is the owner of the highway which was established in 1955.
Wazimbo was born in Chibuto, Mozambique on November 11, 1948. He is a singer and human being.
The name of the Jazz musician Pascal Ohse is Pascal, he is a man from France and signed to the record label Warner Bros. Records.
Born on 22 October 1969 in Melbourne, Australia, James Bailey is a male darts player.
The Lao Football Federation has been playing association football since 1951. It is a member of the ASEAN Football Federation, the parent organization of which, is the ASEAN Football Federation, and is also a member of FIFA.
Alexandra Maksimova was born on 19 June 1989 in Belarus. She is a figure skater who competed for her country in the women's ice dance.
The Cessna Stadium is owned by Wichita State University in Kansas, U.S. The occupant of the stadium is Wichita State University.
Kevin Long (born Kevin), is a baseball player from the United States. He attended the University of Arizona and played for the New York Mets.
Dave Graveline is a radio personality from the United States. He was born on March 5, 1954 in Miami. He is a man.
Larry Jeffrey was born in Goderich, Ontario, Canada on October 12, 1940. He was an Ice hockey player for Canada and competed in the men's ice hockey.
Amit Rana was born in India on 14 December 1995. He is a cricketer who plays for India. He is a human being and his cricket team is a part of the India men's national cricket team.
The Power Station is the band's album which was released in 1985. The album's genre is rock music and was produced by Bernard Edwards. The album was released on EMI Records.
The rhythm and blues song "Do Your Thing" was performed by Charles Wright & the Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band. The band was signed to Warner Bros. Records and the song was released in 1968.
Vesper is a mystery fiction book written by Jeff Sampson. It was published in the United States on January 25th 2011. Vesper is a paranormal book.
Pontypool Changes Everything is a novel written in English by Tony Burgess. It was published in 1995 and originates from Canada.
The Pirate of Panama is a silent film released in 1929. It was directed by Ray Taylor and starred Jay Wilsey and Natalie Kingston.
The science fiction novel Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows, written by Kathryn M. Drennan originates from the United States. The book was published in July 1997 by Del Rey Books.
Leave It to Me is a 1930 comedy film from the United Kingdom. It was directed by George King and starred Robin Irvine.
Sergei Tyumentsev was born in Russia on August 9, 1976. He is an association football player for FC Dynamo Omsk and plays for the Russian men's national football team.
Jamie Flitner was born in Buffalo, Wyoming on 10 July 1964. She is a politician from the Republican Party in the U.S.A. She was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives and was the first woman to be elected to that office.
Herd & McKenzie Shipbuilders is in the shipbuilding industry. Located in Buckie, Moray, United Kingdom, the company was founded in 1903.
Samu Markkula was born on 27 February 1994 in Jyväskylä, Finland. He is an ice hockey player for the Finland men's national ice hockey team.
Bill Hunter is an actor in Kangaroo Jack which was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and is distributed by Warner Bros. The film was also distributed by Malofilm.
The Buenos Aires International Book Fair was founded in 1975 by Fundación El Libro in Argentina.
The Barrier is a 1917 drama film directed by Edgar Lewis and starring Mabel Julienne Scott. The film was produced by Rex Beach.
Italian born Rossella Gregorio was born in Salerno on 30 August 1990. She is a fencer who competed in the women's individual sabre event.
John Hick is a Paramedic from the United Kingdom. He graduated from Oriel College in Oxford and the University of Edinburgh. He is employed by Claremont Graduate University.
Jarmo Viinanen was born in Imatra, Finland, on 23 February 1959. He graduated from University of Turku and is a diplomat. He is a man of letters.
The Fabulous Voyage of the Angel, a comedy film from Canada, was directed by Jean Pierre Lefebvre. The original language used in the film is French. The film was released in 1991.
Little Rose, which is from Poland, was distributed by Monolith Films. Its Polish language origin is Polish. It stars Kazimierz Mazur, Janusz Chabior and Aleksander Bednarz.
A Moving Picture is the debut Hip Hop album by Devlin. The album was produced by Ant Whiting and was released on January 30, 2013 on Island Records.
Sayonara Jupiter is a science fiction novel written in Japanese by Sakyo Komatsu and published in 1982.
Henrik Sass Larsen was born in Virum, Denmark on May 29, 1966. He is a politician and was awarded the Ting Prize. He is a man of great eloquence.
Saskatchewan Highway 749 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada. The Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan) owns the route.
La Pie qui Chante is a trademark owned by Mondelez International. The organization was founded in 1921. Its headquarters are in Lille. The parent organization of La Pie qui Chante is Cadbury France.
The Humbling is a novel written by Philip Roth. It was published in the U.S. in 2009 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Helena Sukova resides in Monte Carlo. She plays tennis for the Czech Republic. She played at the 1996 Summer Olympics in women's doubles. She is a member of the Czechoslovakia Federation Cup team and the Czech Republic Fed Cup team.
Josephine Byrnes was born on 28 December 1966 in Connecticut and is a US born female film actor.
Produced by Pandro S Berman and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Blackboard Jungle stars Sidney Poitier and Margaret Hayes.
Lover of Life, Singer of Songs is a remix album of rock music performed by KEIN BECIL and Freddie Mercury. It was released on September 4, 2006 by EMI.
Yasuko Tamada was born in Shinagawa, Japan on 30 June 1967. She is a female mixed martial artist.
The film Loot was released on 13 January 2012 and stars Saugat Malla. The film was directed by Nischal Basnet and the composer is Roshan Thapa.
The Company is a 2007 miniseries written by Robert Littell, directed by Mikael Salomon. The musical score of The Company is by Jeff Beal and Chris O'Donnell also stars.
Thomas Woods was born in Wales on 30 January 1890. He was a rugby union player and a rugby league player. He was a man of many talents.
Masumi Tazawa was born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan on November 22nd 1993. She is a female voice actress.
China Daily is an English language daily newspaper published in Beijing, China. It was founded in June 1981 and is owned by the Communist Party of China.
The Forests of Silence is an adventure novel written by Jennifer Rowe. It was published in 2000 and is considered Fantasy literature. Rowe was an Australian author.
Carl Landry was born on 19 September 1983 in Milwaukee, United States. He is a basketball player and competed in the men's basketball.
Yukari Sato was born in Setagaya, Japan on August 19, 1961. She is an economist and politician. Yukari Sato is a member of the Japan women's national football team.
The novel Southland was written by Nina Revoyr and published in 2003. The novel is from the United States and is set in Los Angeles.
Jon Morgan was born in Cardiff on 10 July 1970. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Cardiff City F.C.
The Catherine Palace is located in Moscow, Russia. It was designed by architect Giacomo Quarenghi. The palace is a cultural heritage site.
The Office of National Assessments is an intelligence agency in Australia. It was established on 19 October 1977 and is located in Canberra. It is a government agency whose parent organization is the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
Wills Creek Bollman Bridge, a truss bridge, is located in Meyersdale, Summit Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Stephan Retzer was born in Deggendorf, Germany on October 11, 1976. He is an ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament.
The painting Fisher Boy with Basket is a portrait created in oil paint by Frans Hals in 1630 and owned by John W. Wilson.
Nadeene Latif, born 20 May 1978 in Australia, is a weightlifter who competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She competed in the Olympic weightlifting for Australia and won a bronze medal in the women's event.
Dady is a male association football player who was born in Lisbon, Portugal on August 13th, 1981.
Born in Nairobi on 22 September 1973, Lameck Onyango was a cricketer for Kenya who was part of the men's cricket team.
The novel A Private Venus was written in 1966 by Giorgio Scerbanenco in Milan, Italy.
Ingjerd Schou was born in Sarpsborg, Norway on January 20, 1955. She graduated from the University of Oslo and is a politician. She is a woman.
Kamen Rider Battle: Ganbaride, a video game published by Bandai, is an arcade game. The game was released on October 15, 2008 in Japan.
Duck for President is a picture book written by Doreen Cronin. It was published in 2004 in the United States by Simon & Schuster.
Tim Doyle is the author of the television comedy series The Kids Are Alright which originated in the United States. The series was broadcast on American Broadcasting Company and the music was provided by Goldspot. The series is a sitcom.
Elisa Dalla Valle was born in Italy on 16 January 1998. She is a female cycle sport cyclist.
California State Route 237 is a road in Santa Clara County, California, U.S. The California Department of Transportation is the owner of the route which was created on June 30, 1964.
Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun is a strategy video game for Microsoft Windows. The game was released in Japan on 28 January 1994 and the music score was provided by Akihiko Mori.
Philippe Gimbert was born 20 March 1966 in Firminy, France. He is a former rugby union player who represented France in the men's rugby union.
CLP Group is a publicly traded company in the public utility industry. EnergyAustralia is a subsidiary of the CLP Group. The company was founded in 1901 and is a joint stock company located in Hong Kong.
Jamie Foxx is the performer of the Downtempo single "Fall for Your Type". The single was released in 2010 and is part of the album Best Night of My Life. The single is also available on J Records.
Lafayette Pitts was born September 24, 1992 in Duquesne, Pennsylvania. He is an American football player who plays as a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Neal Tapio was born in Watertown, South Dakota, United States in 2000. He graduated from Minnesota State University Moorhead and is a businessman. Neal Tapio has a M.S.
The TV series Recovery Road, which is broadcast in the United States on the Freeform TV channel, is a drama series in English. The series was distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
Pierre Bourquenoud, a male road bicycle racer, was born in Vaulruz, Switzerland, on 21 November 1969.
The Metro Panteones station is part of the Mexico City Metro system. It was opened in 1984, in Mexico City.
The 2017 Belarusian Premier League season was the season of association football in Belarus organized by the Football Federation of Belarus.
Tikamporn Changkeaw was born on December 12, 1984 in Suphan Buri, Thailand. She is a female volleyball player.
Aris Nukic was born in Tübingen on 21 December 1993. He is an association football player who plays as a forward and has played for FK Olimpik.
You Must Be the Husband is a sitcom television series from the United Kingdom which was first aired on the 8th September 1987. The series stars Diane Keen and was directed by Richard Boden.
Paul Geis, a long-distance runner, was born in Houston, United States on 23 February 1953. He competed in the sport of athletics and is a man.
Netherwood station is located in Plainfield, New Jersey, United States. The station is a train station that was opened in 1874 and is connected to the Raritan Valley Line. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jiang Na was born in Harbin, China on October 18, 1988. She is a female ice hockey player who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Willie Wragg, known as Willie, played association football as a wing. Wragg was a member of the Accrington Stanley F.C. club in 1891. He also played for Chesterfield F.C. and Birmingham City F.C.
Essenrode Manor in Essenrode, Germany, was built in the Baroque style in 1738. The architect of the manor house was the Bülow family.
Alok Agarwal was born on 25 August 1967 in Lucknow, India. His name is Alok Agarwal and he is a politician. Mr Agarwal is a man.
The Night I Fell in Love is the Contemporary R&B album by Luther Vandross. It was released in 1985 and was produced by Marcus Miller. The record label is Epic Records.
Ana Maria Rangel was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on May 21, 1957. She is a politician and she was a member of the women's wing of the Brazilian Socialist Party.
The Rolling Stones are rock music performers. The song "Goin' Home" was released in 1966 and was produced by Andrew Loog Oldham. The song is also included in the Rolling Stones album Aftermath.
Sweet & Lowdown is folk music artist Dave Van Ronk's album released in 2001 on Justin Time Records. It is the sequel to Live at Sir George Williams University.
Dessislava Mladenova was born in Sofia, Bulgaria on 21 June 1988. She is a female tennis player.
The 1983 comedy film Katha stars Farooq Sheikh and Naseeruddin Shah. It was directed by Sai Paranjpye.
Ejovi Nuwere was born in Brooklyn, United States, in 1980. He is a human being and a businessperson.
The musical score for Moonlight Mile was provided by Mark Isham. The film, a drama, stars Tom Dahlgren and Mary Catherine Garrison. It was directed by Brad Silberling. Dabney Coleman and Tom Dahlgren also star in the film.
Andris Liepa was born in Moscow, Soviet Union on 6 January 1962. He is a ballet dancer, theatre director and producer.
Abdul Mteketa was born in Tanganyika, Tanzania in 1951. He is a politician, member of the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Andrea D'Errico was born in Milan, 24 March 1992. He is an association football player who plays as a Forward for A.C. Monza.
Rebeldes is a rock and pop band from Brazil. They were formed in 2011 and are signed to the record label EMI. Their genre is popular music.
The film Koch Brothers Exposed is a 2012 documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald. The film stars Bernie Sanders and was produced by Jim Miller.
Azwan Aripin was born on 21 April 1994 in Kelantan. He is an association football player who plays for Kelantan FA.
Ove Pedersen was born in Denmark on 30 August 1954. He is a football player and manager. Ove Pedersen is a man of many talents.
The album Games People Play was released in 1993 by Epic Records. It's a hard rock album by Pink Cream 69 and was produced by Dirk Steffens.
Evandro da Silva was born in Messias, Alagoas, Brazil on 14 January 1997. He is an association football player and he plays for the Brazil men's national football team.
Ronald Kasper was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 22 March 1946. He was a cricketer who represented New Zealand in the men's cricket tournament.
Beachmont station is a station on the Blue Line of the MBTA in Revere, Massachusetts, United States. The station was opened on January 19, 1954 and is adjacent to Suffolk Downs station.
The Egongyan Bridge is a road bridge in Chongqing, China. It was opened in 2000 and the next bridge upstream is the Egongyan Rail Transit Bridge. The Caiyuanba Bridge is also upstream.
Jennifer Martinez was born on November 5th 1971 in San Francisco. She graduated from Harvard Law School and is a lawyer in the United States. She was the first woman to practice law in the U.S.
Manuel Francisco Barreto is a Peruvian football player and manager. He was born in Lima on September 12th, 1982.
Akihito Ozawa was born in Saitama Prefecture, Japan on 10 August 1992. He is a football player in the Association football league and is a member of the Japan men's national football team.
David Dontoh was born in Cape Coast, Ghana in 1964. He is an actor whose genre is male.
Larry Niven, the author of The Best of Larry Niven, is from the United States. The book was published in 2010 in English. The book's genre is science fiction.
Vladimir Kush, a sculptor and painter, was born in Moscow, Russia in 1965.
Cecilia Norrbom was born on 28 January 1988 in Sweden. She is a woman and human.
Jonathan Steele is the surname of Jonathan Steele. Jonathan Steele was educated at Yale University, won the James Cameron Memorial Trust Award, and the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism. Jonathan Steele is a human.
The romance novel Badai Pasti Berlalu was written by Marga T. and published in Indonesia in 1974 by Kompas Gramedia Group.
The Pilgrim's Regress is a novel by C.S. Lewis, published in 1933. It is a fantasy literature work from the United Kingdom.
Kurt Baschwitz, whose language is German, worked at the University of Amsterdam. He graduated with a doctorate from the University of Amsterdam. The source for Kurt Baschwitz's work is Obalky knih.cz.
Chenoa, from Spain, is the musical genre of the album Chenoa. The album was released on Jive Records in 2002 and was produced by Brian Rawling.
The New Jersey Department of Transportation, who owns the New Jersey Route 163 road in the United States, was established in 1953.
Myrna Dey, whose real name is Myrna Dey, was born in Calgary, Canada. She is a novelist and one of the few women in Canada.
Mike Kosman, a second baseman, is the surname of Mike Kosman, who played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds and the Mobile Bears.
Mike Sutherland was born on June 25, 1971 in Ottawa. He was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. He was a member of the Canadian national football team and is a man of letters.
Pat Davis is a musician, human being and female born in Fort Worth, Texas.
Medicine for Melancholy is a drama film from the United States. It was directed by Barry Jenkins. The screenwriter is Barry Jenkins. The film was released on March 7th 2008.
Daniel W Bell (born Daniel Bell) is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is a human being from the United States. Daniel W Bell, a male, is a member of the United States Democratic Party.
Kim Young-mu was born in South Korea on September 3, 1984. He is an association football player.
Jamarro Diks was born on 26 April 1995 in the Netherlands. He is an association football player who represented the Kingdom of the Netherlands and is a man.
Larissa Muldoon was born in Donegal, Republic of Ireland on March 11th 1991. She is a rugby union player for the Ireland women's national rugby union team.
Angelina Simakova was born in Russia on 26 August 2002. She is an artistic gymnast and competes in the women's artistic gymnastics.
Dave Burgess was born in Liverpool, UK on 20 January 1960. He played association football for Liverpool and represented the United Kingdom at the men's football tournament.
Sebastian Coe, a politician and autobiographer, was born in London on 29 September 1956. Sebastian Coe is a United Kingdom born athletics competitor.
The film, Hoodman Blind, is a 1923 drama film directed by John Ford. Its stars are Frank Campeau and Gladys Hulette.
Juli Feigon is a biophysicist at the University of California, Los Angeles. She was a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She was awarded the Presidential Young Investigator Award.
Scar the Martyr is a band from the United States, which was formed in 2013. They are a rock and pop band whose genre is heavy metal music. They are signed to Roadrunner Records.
Jay Graham, whose surname is Graham, was a running back. He played for the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Ravens. Jay Graham attended Concord High School in North Carolina.
Melbourne Municipal Airport, located in Melbourne, Arkansas, United States, was established in 1994. The airport serves the transport hub of Melbourne, Arkansas.
Rayne Storm, a rapper and producer, was born in Harlem, United States on December 7, 1983. Rayne Storm's musical genre is male.
George Hewitt was born in Burslem in 1878. He was an association football player who played inside forward for Luton Town FC.
Lateef the Truthspeaker is a rapper from Oakland, California, United States. He was born September 28, 1974. Lateef the Truthspeaker is a man whose genre is human.
Igor Vamos was born in the U.S. on April 15th 1968. He graduated from Reed College, was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship, and is a multimedia artist. His genre is male.
Al-Taraji Club is an association football club in Saudi Arabia. The club was founded in 1981 and play in the Saudi Second Division. Their home ground is the Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Stadium.
The musical score for The Wedding Bells is by Danny Lux. The film was distributed by 20th Television. It stars Michael Landes and Teri Polo. David E Kelley was the executive producer and Sarah Jones is a screen actress.
Leif Engqvist was born in Dalby, Lund Municipality on 30 July 1962. He is a football player from Sweden who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in the men's football.
Nancy Boy is a single by alternative rock band Placebo, released on 20 January 1997 by United Artists Records.
Millions in the Air is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Sig Herzig. John Howard is one of the stars in the film.
Kaia Kanepi lives in Tallinn. He played tennis for Estonia at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He is a member of the Estonia Fed Cup team.
Monsieur Hire is a 1989 drama film directed by Patrice Leconte. It was written by Patrick Dewolf, starred Luc Thuillier and Philippe Dormoy.
Julie Brougham was born 20 May 1954 in Palmerston North. She was a member of the New Zealand equestrian team, which participated in Equestrian at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Julie Brougham was a female rider.
Husbands and Wives (a drama genre) was directed by Woody Allen. The musical score was composed by Gustav Mahler. The cast includes Jerry Zaks, Cristi Conaway, Bruce Jay Friedman and others.
Hannah Tyler Wilcox was born 31 August 1838 in Boonville, New York, United States. She worked as a physician and was a human being.
The Youngstown Bears are a basketball team that played in the National Basketball League in the United States. They were founded in 1945 and dissolved in 1947.
The Phantom of the Big Tent was a German language drama film from Germany. The film was produced by Friedrich Wilhelm Gaik. Georg Krause was the director of photography. The film is distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Omayya SC is a Syrian Premier League association football club that was founded in 1944 and play their home matches at the Idlib Municipal Stadium.
John Cenci was born in Pittsburgh on 4 January 1934. He played center for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team in American football.
Kent Hulst was born April 8, 1968 in St. Thomas, Ontario. He was a male ice hockey player who represented Canada.
The Aloha Tower was an observation tower and lighthouse in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. It was constructed in 1926 and retired in 1975.
Fabien Lamirault was born in Longjumeau on March 17, 1980. He is a table tennis player from France. He won the bronze medal in the men's team event.
The Prince Edward Island National Park in Kings County, Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada was established in 1937. The park is operated by Parks Canada.
Harry Green is an association football player from the United Kingdom. He was born in Sheffield in 1908. His club was Sheffield M.F.C.
Diena is a newspaper from Latvia. It was started on 23 November 1990 and is published in Riga. The language of the newspaper is Latvian.
Martin Boyd wrote Such Pleasure, a novel, published in 1949 by Cresset Press. Such Pleasure is the sequel to Lucinda Brayford.
Tuula Teeri was born in Espoo, Finland on 20 June 1957. She is a biologist and a member of the faculty at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology. She is a woman.
Tango Argentino is a 1969 documentary film from Argentina. Spanish is the language spoken in this film, which was directed by Simon Feldman.
Forest Park High School is a state school in Maryland, United States. It was established in 1924 and is a part of the Baltimore City Public Schools.
Tendai Mtawarira was born in Harare, Zimbabwe on August 1, 1985. He is a rugby union player and he plays for the Zimbabwe national rugby union team.
Simon Madden is an Irish football player who was born in Dublin on May 1st, 1988. He plays for the Republic of Ireland men's national football team and was a member of the association football team.
RMS Medina was built by Caird & Company in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It is operated by P&O and is a ship with its home port in London.
Aimé Jacquet is a midfielder in the sport of association football. He is the son of Etienne Jacquet. He plays for Olympique Lyonnais.
Dhushantha Ranatunga was born in Negombo, Sri Lanka on 8 November 1991. He is a cricketer and a member of the Sri Lanka men's national cricket team.
Owen Hale was born on July 15, 1948 in Louisville, Kentucky, United States. He is a musician and a man of many talents.
The New Frontier is a 1935 Western film directed by Carl Pierson starring Sam Flint and Glenn Strange.
Michael Turner was born in the United Kingdom on August 5, 1948. He studied at Manchester Metropolitan University and became a business executive at British Aerospace, where he worked as a man.
Ferencvarosi TC is the owner of the Groupama Arena, a soccer-specific stadium in Budapest, Hungary. The Arena is operated by the Lagardère Group.
Nikhil Haldipur was born on 19 December 1977 in India. He is a cricketer who plays for India. He is a human being and a man.
Hanif Hamir was born in Brunei on 22 February 1997. He is an association football player who plays as a defender for DPMM FC.
Bukovinka is a municipality in Blansko District, Czech Republic. Bukovinka is part of the historical region of Moravia and is a cadastral area in the Czech Republic. Jedovnice is a neighbouring town.
Ben Batger was a rugby union player who represented New Zealand and is a member of the New South Wales Waratahs. He was born in Sydney on 20 March 1984.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a Japanese association football club which was founded in 1992. Its headquarters are in Hiroshima, Japan and it is owned by Mazda.
Andre Payette was born on July 29, 1976 in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada. He is an ice hockey player and a member of the men's national ice hockey team.
Luke Hemmerich was born in Essen, Germany, on 9 February 1998. He is a male association football player.
Miloslav Kejval was born on July 11th 1973 in the Czech Republic. He is a male cycle sport athlete who is a human being.
Rose Boyko was born in 1950. She is a lawyer and judge who was born in Canada and is a woman.
Kim Won-gun was born on 1 May 1992 in Jeju Island. He plays association football as a centre back and for FC Seoul.
The capital of Pine City is Pine County, Minnesota, United States. The county was created on March 1, 1856 and shares borders with Polk County, Wisconsin.
Sander Boschker is a football player who was born in Lichtenvoorde, Kingdom of the Netherlands on 20 October 1970. He competed in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was part of the Netherlands men's national football team.
Yogyakarta railway station is located in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. It was opened on July 20, 1887 and is owned by the Indonesian Railway Company.
Love on Ice is a 1950 film directed by Kurt Meisel. The screenwriter was Johannes Kai. The film's musical score is by Friedrich Meyer and Sepp Nigg is a cast member.
Andy Craven played for Tacoma Defiance, which was acquired in a loan transaction. He started his career with Tacoma Defiance in 2015 and ended it in 2016.
Emily van Egmond was born on 12 July 1993 in Newcastle, New South Wales. She represented Australia at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She is a football player and played for the women's football team.
Yves Pierracci was born in Salindres, France on July 26, 1916. He is a male racing cyclist who participated in the Tour de France.
Giles County was created in 1806, is located in Virginia, United States. Its capital is Pearisburg and it borders Mercer County, West Virginia.
Andreas Hollingen is a football player from Norway who was born in Molde, on 2 October 1994. He is a man of strong character.
DJ-Kicks: Thievery Corporation is a DJ mix of lounge music. Thievery Corporation is the producer and the DJ mix was released in 1999. The mix was recorded on the record label Studio K7.
The Two Captains is a novel written in Russian by Veniamin Kaverin, published in the Soviet Union in 1940.
Published in 1967, Spaceship to Saturn, is a science fiction novel by Hugh Walters. It originates from the United Kingdom and is published by Faber and Faber.
David Haas is the name of David Haas, a winger in ice hockey. He was a member of the Calgary Flames and Edmonton Oilers.
Coco Mbassi is a female singer from Cameroon. Coco Mbassi was born on 28 February 1969.
Stu Mills was born on 22 June 1982 in New Zealand. He is a man of surname, a cricketer who plays for New Zealand.
The Victory of Faith, distributed by UFA GmbH, was produced by Leni Riefenstahl for the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda. The film was originally made in German and stars Julius Streicher and Franz Ritter von Epp.
Ana Binet was born in Sanchez, Dominican Republic on 9 February 1992. She is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic.
Valentin Antov was born on 9 November 2000 in Sofia, Bulgaria. He is an association football player who plays for Bulgaria and is a member of the men's national football team.
Frank Henkel was born in Berlin on November 16th 1963. He is a politician from East Germany. He is a man.
Michio Kaku is the author of Visions, a popular science book about physics published in 1998. The book originates from the United States.
Moin Ashraf was born in Bradford, United Kingdom on 5 January 1992. He played cricket for the United Kingdom men's national cricket team.
Born in Australia on 28 April 1951, Todd Clarke was an association football player who played for White City FC. He is a man of many talents.
Chuck Corgan, a US citizen, is a member of the American Football team, the New York Giants. His full name is Chuck Corgan. He is a man.
The Spanish Gardener is a novel written by A.J. Cronin and published in 1950 in the United Kingdom by Little, Brown and Company.
Thomas Mann is a member of the German Democratic Party. He was educated at the Technical University of Munich and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He is a short story writer who works for Simplicissimus.
Kevin Newman, who is a male baseball player, was born on August 4, 1993, in Poway, California. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The Miss Virginia USA is a female beauty pageant in the US, based in Richmond, Virginia. The pageant was established in 1952.
Sanjiv Bhatt was born in Mumbai, India on 21 December 1963. He attended Indian Institute of Technology Bombay and became a police officer. Mr. Bhatt was a man of great courage and a good friend.
Qiu Yike was born in China on 18 January 1985. He is a male tennis player who plays table tennis. He is also human.
The Yokohama Rubber Company, Japan, is a company that was founded in 1917. Its legal form is Kabushiki gaisha and its headquarters are in Tokyo.
Johnny Acosta, a football player from Costa Rica, was born in Quesada, San Carlos on July 21, 1983. He was a member of the Costa Rica men's national football team and was a participant at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Born on 30 May 1953 in Coolangatta, Australia, Peter Townend is a surfer who competed in the sport of surfing. He is a man.
Sam Palumbo was born on June 7, 1932 in the United States. He is an American football player for the Cleveland Browns. He was a member of the Cleveland Browns football team. Mr. Palumbo's nationality is American.
The Phoenix City Hall is a skyscraper in Phoenix, Arizona, United States, it was completed in 1994.
The Middlesex Community College is located in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1970. It is a public educational institution.
Marc Crawford, whose given name is Marc, is a human being. He plays in the National Hockey League for the Vancouver Canucks and won the Jack Adams Award.
Kenneth Chipolina, born in Gibraltar on 30th December 1995, is a football player for Lynx FC.
Captain Lash is a 1929 silent film starring Victor McLaglen. The film was directed by John G Blystone. William Fox was the producer.
Abdul Diallo was born in Ouagadougou on December 23, 1985. He plays association football for Burkina Faso and is a man of letters.
The film Dream Demon, starring Jemma Redgrave and Mark Greenstreet, was released in 1988. The music score was provided by Bill Nelson.
Ignat Zemchenko was born in Kiev, Russia on April 24, 1992. He is an ice hockey player who competes in the men's ice hockey.
The book, The Game, written by Ken Dryden, is about ice hockey and was published in September 2003 by Wiley (publishers) in Canada.
Emad Moteab was born in Sharqia Governorate, Egypt on 20 February 1983. He is an Egyptian football player who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's football tournament.
Niuvalu Fifita was born on 23 May 1990. He plays association football for Tonga national football team as a midfielder. Mr. Fifita is a man of the match.
Founded in 1979 by Russell Noftsker, Symbolics is a United States based business located in Concord, Massachusetts. The company is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Jon Merrill is a National Hockey League defenceman for the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team. He is the surname of Jon Merrill. He was drafted by the New Jersey Devils.
Walter Waalderbos was born in the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 21 July 1951. He is an association football player who competed in the men's tournament.
Joris Harteveld, a male cycle sport athlete, was born in Gobabis, Namibia on 2 July 1968.
James Situma, an association football player, was born in November 11, 1984 in Kenya. He represented the country at the men's international level.
Johnny Gaudreau's name is John Gaudreau. He plays in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames. He won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy and is a human being.
The Caterpillar Wish was made in South Australia and is distributed by Palace Cinemas. Its director of photography was Greig Fraser and the film was edited by Jason Ballantine. Victoria Thaine stars in the film.
Vitaliy Sobko is a football player from Ukraine. He was born on 27 July 1987 in Kharkiv. He competed in the men's association football.
The book Plausible Worlds was written by Geoffrey Hawthorn and published in 1991 in the United Kingdom. It is written in English and the book is about Counterfactual history.
Disgaea Infinite is a visual novel video game released in Japan on 1 November 2009. It is available for the PlayStation Portable. The music of Disgaea Infinite is by Tenpei Sato.
Sword of Honour is a miniseries which began airing on the Seven Network on 20 October 1986. The miniseries is from Australia and starred Tracy Mann. It is about the Vietnam War.
Barlow/Max Bell station is a surface station in Alberta, Canada. It was opened in 1985.
Doug Flynn (born Doug Flynn) attended Bryan Station High School. He played shortstop for the Detroit Tigers and the New York Mets.
Patrick Hall, whose given name is Patrick, is a cricketer. His given name is Patrick and he is a human. He is a member of Hampshire County Cricket Club and Oxford University Cricket Club. Patrick Hall is also known as Martin Hall.
Raimundas Palaitis was born on 23 October 1957 in Palanga, Lithuania. He graduated from Vilnius University and is a politician. He is a man of letters.
Lunde Station is a train station in Nome, Norway. It was opened in 1925 and is owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration.
Corey Lemonier, who is from the United States, graduated from Auburn University. He is a linebacker and he played for the San Francisco 49ers. He also played for the Auburn Tigers.
Orient News is a mass media news agency founded in 2008 in Dubai by Ghassan Aboud.
Save the World, Lose the Girl is a punk rock album by the band Midtown, released in 2000. The album was produced by Mark Trombino and the record label is Drive-Thru Records.
Live at Eindhoven is a live album by Testament from the United States. The band's genre is thrash metal and the record label is Megaforce Records. The album was produced by Alex Perialas.
The Sileru River is a river in India, in the Andhra Pradesh and Odisha regions. It flows into the Sabari River. The Sileru River is located in Asia.
Charles M. Dolan was born in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, on October 16, 1926. He attended John Carroll University and became a businessperson.
Dough for the Do-Do is a 1949 animated short film produced by Edward Selzer and directed by Friz Freleng. Mel Blanc stars in the film which was written by Warren Foster.
Konstantin Kalachyov is the chair of the Beer Lovers Party in Russia, which was founded in 1993 and has its headquarters in Moscow. The party dissolved in 1998.
Leng Tch'e, a rock and pop band from Ghent, Belgium, was formed in 2001. Their music genre is grindcore and they are signed to Relapse Records.
New York State Route 144 is a state road in New York state, United States. It was created in 1930 and is owned by the New York State Department of Transportation.
Daniel Mesotitsch was born in Villach, Austria on 22 May 1976 and lives in Hochfilzen. He is a biathlete from Austria who competed in the men's 20 km.
Brian Metcalf is the director of Living Among Us, a horror film which was released in the United States on February 2, 2018.
David Hayman Jr was born in Scotland in 1901. He is the film director David Hayman Jr. and is a human.
Simon Chesterman was born in 1973 in Australia. He attended Beijing International Studies University. He worked as a teacher at New York University. Mr. Chesterman is a man of many talents.
Eduarda Amorim was born in Blumenau, Brazil, on 23 September 1986. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's event.
Daisuke Hirakawa was born on June 4th 1973 in Niigata, Japan. He is a singer and actor and is also involved in voice acting.
Shiori Sato (born in Ageo, Saitama, Japan, on 27 July 1990) is a fashion model and a female model.
Deadstring Brothers, a rock and pop band, are from Detroit, United States. They started in 2003 and are signed to Bloodshot Records. Their musical genre is alternative country.
Tony Daniel is a comics artist and writer who was born in New York City in 1901. He is a man.
Alexandra Louis was born in Grenoble, France, on 17 September 1983. She is a politician and lawyer. She was the first woman to serve in the French parliament.
Warren Holmes is a centre who played in the National Hockey League for the Los Angeles Kings. His surname is Holmes.
Wojciech Szala, also known as Wojciech Szala, is an association football defender who plays for GKS Katowice.
Franco Fasano was born in Albenga, Italy on June 30th 1961. He is a singer-songwriter and record producer.
Isaac Davis House is located in Massachusetts, United States and was designed by William R Walker in the Renaissance Revival style. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The album Love Uprising was released in 1980. It is a rhythm and blues album with soul music. Tavares is the group that performs the album and is signed to the record label of Capitol Records.
MBAND is a pop group from Moscow, Russia. They were formed in 2014 and they are signed to Velvet Music. Their genre is Pop-rap.
Mark Ferreira was born on 1 March 1967 in Mumbai, India. He is a male tennis player from India.
Alexander Currier was the architect of the Hubbard Free Library, part of the Hallowell Historic District, in Maine, United States. The Hubbard Free Library is a public library and a contributing property.
Justin Harper was born in Catawba, North Carolina, United States on February 24, 1985. He is an American football player who is a member of the Men's National Football Team.
Jan Mertzig, a defenceman, played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers. His name is Jan. He is human.
Mark W Spong (born November 5, 1952 in Warren, Ohio, US) graduated from New Mexico State University. Mr. Spong is a roboticist whose speciality is man-made systems.
Zach Auguste is a human being who plays power forward for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in the United States. He also plays the sport of basketball.
Hamilton Township is located in Mercer County, New Jersey, in the United States. It was created on 11 April 1842 and is governed by the Hamilton Township School District. It is named after Alexander Hamilton.
The Unsaid was filmed in Saskatchewan, United States. It stars Linda Cardellini and Teri Polo. The film is distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment.
Camelia Voinea, a female artistic gymnast, was born 1 March 1970 in Constanta, Romania.
Kiel Airport, a commercial airfield, is located in Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It was opened in 1914.
The film Sweden: Heaven and Hell was released in 1968. It was directed by Luigi Scattini and written by Luigi Scattini. The film's musical score is by Piero Umiliani and Edmund Purdom is a cast member.
Once Again is an independent film from India which was released in 2012. The film was written and directed by Sanjay Arora.
Tina Rupprecht was born in Augsburg, Germany, on 23 August 1992. She is a female boxer who competed in the sport of boxing.
Arnold Kriegstein was born in Tirschenreuth and attended New York University. He is a neurologist and researcher, working at Columbia University. He has a M.A.
Bran Castle is owned by Dominic von Habsburg and is located in Bran, Brasov, Romania. The castle was established in 1212 and is still in use.
The action film Kanchanjangha, which was released in India on 6 September 2019, was directed by Zubeen Garg.
The 2004 Malaysian Grand Prix was an auto racing event held at the Sepang International Circuit in Malaysia on March 21st 2004. It was part of the 2004 Formula One World Championship.
Ken Hebert (born December 9, 1942 in San Bernardino, California) is a former American football player who played wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Gardens Between is a puzzle video game for macOS. It was released September 20, 2018 and is distributed via the Humble Store. Tim Shiel is the composer of the game.
LaKisha Jones, a singer and model, was born 13 January 1980 in Flint, Michigan, United States. LaKisha Jones is a woman.
Luca Vignali, whose given name is Luca, is a midfielder who plays for Spezia Calcio. Luca Vignali is a human being.
The Legacy of Luna, written by Julia Butterfly Hill, is a nonfiction book from the United States. The Legacy of Luna was published on 1 April 2000.
The Lizzie McGuire Movie originates from the United States. It was produced by Stan Rogow Productions and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The original language of the film is English and stars Alex Borstein and Jake Thomas.
The Sparrow's Fluttering, from France, was written by Gianfranco Mingozzi. Italian is the original language of the film, which stars Sabrina Ferilli, Beppe Chierici and Nicola Farron.
Spencer Drever was born in Canada on 30 August 2003. He is a male actor.
Uladzislaw Duksa (born July 7, 1980) is a football player from Belarus. He is a member of the FC Smorgon men's association football team.
The Cactaceae is a written work on cactus by Joseph Nelson Rose and Nathaniel Lord Britton. It is published by the Carnegie Institution for Science. Kako Morita is the illustrator of the book.
The screenwriter of Speed Track is Jayasurya. The film is a sports film starring Riyaz Khan and Gajala. The film originates from India.
Francesca Grilli is a woman born in 1978 who is an artist. Francesca Grilli is a human being.
Here Come the Waves, produced by Mark Sandrich, originated from the United States, is written in English. It was directed by Charles Lang, edited by Ellsworth Hoagland and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Harold Shumate. The film stars Lionel Barrymore.
Taitung Railway Art Village, which was established on 20 April 1922, is located in Taitung County, Taitung City, Taiwan. Taitung Railway Art Village is an arts centre and a train station.
Juan Becerra Acosta was born in Mexico City, Mexico on August 20, 1973. He graduated from Universidad Latinoamericana and is a journalist. His profession is a man.
The National Hockey League winger Riley Cote is a member of the Philadelphia Flyers. His given name is Riley Cote and his sport is human.
Sperillen Line is a railway in Norway operated by the Norwegian State Railways between 1883 and 1996. The line has a terminus at Hen, Buskerud.
Jamie Sparrow, whose surname is Sparrow, is a cricketer from the United Kingdom. He was born on 22 January 1971 in Bishop's Stortford. Sparrow is a man of the family.
Shaun Murphy is a snooker player from Harlow, United Kingdom. He was born 10 August 1982 and his birthplace is Harlow. He won the 2011 Players Tour Championship Grand Final and is a man of many talents.
Hoosiers is a teen drama film written by Angelo Pizzo and directed by David Anspaugh. The film stars Barbara Hershey and Sheb Wooley.
G.K. Bowes is a voice actor who was born in Tahiti, United States on December 12, 1986. She is a female actor.
John Cleese and Alison Steadman star in the sitcom Hold the Sunset, which was broadcast on 18 February 2018. The show was directed by Sandy Johnson.
Valery Knyazev was born in Volgograd, Russia on June 11th 1992 and is an ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament.
The Whale Branch Early College High School is located in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States. The school was established in 2010 and is part of the Beaufort County School District.
Thibaut Fauconnet was born in Dijon, France on April 23, 1985. He is a short track speed skater and competes in the men's short track speed skating.
State Route 342 is a road in Nevada, United States. It was established in 1976. The Nevada Department of Transportation is the owner of the road.
The Saab 9-7X (manufactured by Saab Automobile) is a sport utility vehicle, a car model. It is a successor to the Oldsmobile Bravada and was followed by the Saab 9-4X.
Rock Band Blitz is a rhythm video game that was released in the United States on 28 August 2012 for the PlayStation 3. The game was developed by Harmonix.
Raisel Iglesias is a baseball player from Cuba. He was born in Isla de la Juventud, on January 4, 1990. He is a man.
The Upside, a comedy-drama, was released on 21 February 2019 in Spain. It was written by Paul Feig and starred Nicole Kidman. The director of The Upside is Neil Burger.
The Alapaha River is a river in the U.S.A., located in the state of Florida. It has two tributaries, the Willacoochee River and the Alapahoochee River. The Alapaha River flows into the Suwannee River.
Rockpile is an album by Dave Edmunds, who was a producer of Rock and Roll music. It was released in January 1972 by Regal Zonophone Records.
Italian is the language of Raise Your Head, which is from Italy. The screenwriter is Angelo Carbone, the film editor is Massimo Fiocchi and the director of photography is Arnaldo Catinari. Francesca Marciano is a screenwriter.
Natura & Co., a multi-level marketing company in the cosmetics industry, is based in Cajamar, Brazil. Natura & Co. was founded in 1969 and is a legal form of S.A. corporation.
Born in 1951 in Australia, Marcus Beilby is a painter. He attended Applecross Senior High School and is a man.
Founded in 1918, the FSV Braunfels is an association football club in Braunfels, Germany.
23 Wall Street is a high-rise office building located in Manhattan, United States. The building is owned by J.P. Morgan & Co. and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The silent short film Ten Years Old was directed by Robert A McGowan and produced by F Richard Jones. It was released in 1927 by Pathé.
Kunie Tanaka was born November 23, 1932 in Toki, Gifu, Japan. He was an actor and he is a man.
Calvin Miller was born in Glasgow, United Kingdom, on 9 January 1998. He is a football player in the Association football league. He is a man.
Be All My Sins Remember 'd is a television series episode that was broadcast on January 4, 2008. Written by Martin Gero and directed by Andy Mikita, it is in the English language.
The Chajo Station (established 2 June 1914) is a train station in Gifu, Japan. It is operated by Meitetsu and is on the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
New Zealand rugby union player Steven Bates was born in Auckland on 16 January 1980. He is a man of letters.
Olivier Merle was born in Chamaliers on November 14th 1965. He plays rugby union for France and is a man of letters.
Steve Galliers was born on 21 August 1957 in Fulwood, Lancashire, UK. He is a Handyman and former football player. Steve Galliers is a man of many talents.
The Story of a Broken Heart is a country music single by Johnny Cash, released in June 1960 by Sun Records.
The Freeman School of Business in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S. was founded in 1914. The school is affiliated with Tulane University.
The film Shampoo was directed by Hal Ashby and written by Robert Towne. It is a romantic comedy-drama starring Jack Warden and Brad Dexter.
New York University Shanghai is a private university in Pudong, China. It was established in 2012 and is affiliated with New York University.
Lugz is a company that produces sports equipment. It was founded in 1993 in New York City, United States.
Eric Flint is a surname of Eric Flint. He attended the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a human being described by Obalky knih.cz.
Roger Machado Marques was born on April 25, 1975 in Porto Alegre, Brazil. He is a manager and football player. Mr. Marques is a man of many talents.
Maniac Cop 2 is a slasher film, produced by Larry Cohen. It stars Michael Lerner and Robert Davi. The original language of the film is English. Bruce Campbell and Robert Davi also star.
The rock band PC Quest perform Directions, a pop music album. The album was produced by George Tobin and was released in 1992.
Shakin' Stevens is the performer of Merry Christmas Everyone which is a pop rock single. The single was released on Christmas Day 1985 by Epic Records and was produced by Dave Edmunds.
Rune Selj was born in Norway on June 8, 1952. He is a politician from the Conservative Party in Norway. He was a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway. He is a man of letters.
Rick Guttormson was born in Torrance, California, USA on January 11th, 1977. He is a baseball player. Rick Guttormson is a man.
Beth Campbell was born 1971 in the United States. She graduated from Truman State University with a degree in Fine Arts. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and is an artist. She is a woman.
The film Meant to Beh, a Christmas film, was released on December 25th 2017 in the Philippines. Chris Martinez is the director of the film and the film is distributed by OctoArts Films.
Yan Yinhua was born on August 12th 1968 in China. She is a female cycle sport cyclist.
Lupo the Butcher is a short film produced by Marv Newland in 1987. It was written by Danny Antonucci and directed by him.
The New Zealand Railways Department is the operator of the Roxburgh Branch which is a branch line in Otago, New Zealand.
Kyle Carr was born January 21, 1995 in Indialantic, Florida. He is a football player who played as a midfielder for Lansing Ignite FC. He is a member of the men's soccer team.
Wilkinson House, a single-family detached home designed by architect Clarence Kelley Colley, is located in Joelton, Tennessee, United States. Wilkinson House ( Joelton , Tennessee ) was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jeffrey Eggleston was born October 1, 1984 in Rochester, New York, United States. He is a marathon runner, who competes in the sport of athletics. He is a male athlete.
143rd Street is a station on the IRT Second Avenue Line of the New York City Metro in the Bronx. The station was opened on 23 May 1886 and closed on 12 May 1955. The station is located in the United States.
Alif Hassan was born in Sarawak, Malaysia on 14 May 1994. He plays association football as a midfielder for Sarawak FA.
Million Dollar Money Drop is a game show television series which was shown on TF1 in France and started on 20 December 2010.
She's Come Undone is a novel by Wally Lamb published by Simon & Schuster in the United States on August 24, 1992.
Menachem Bello was born in 1947 in Tel Aviv. He represented Israel at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Marinho, born in Porto on 30 March 1985, is a football player from Portugal. He plays for the men's national futsal team.
Ed Brubaker is a cartoonist, whose given name is Ed. He is a man and his occupation is human. Ed Brubaker is described by Obalky knih.cz.
Betty Pariso was born in Cynthiana, Kentucky, United States in 1956. She is a female bodybuilder.
Adrian Cioroianu was born in Craiova, Romania, on 5 January 1967. He is a journalist, historian and politician.
David Francey, a resident of East Ayrshire, has won the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year - Solo. He is a man.
Jair Pereira was born in Cuautla, Morelos, Mexico in 1986. He is an association football player who competed in the men's tournament.
The Rica Seilet Hotel is in Molde, Norway. It was constructed in 2002 and designed by Kjell Kosberg. The hotel is owned by Scandic Hotels.
Toledo is an underground station in Naples, Italy. Toledo (Naples Metro) was opened on 12 April 2012 and is located in the administrative territory of Naples.
Vidya Vathi was born in Andhra Pradesh, India on August 16, 1994. She is a female actor who lives in Chennai.
Orlando International Airport Intermodal Terminal is a train station in Orlando, Florida, United States. It is owned by the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority and opened on November 17, 2017.
The 1999 Faber Grand Prix - Doubles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Shungiku Nakamura was born on December 13, 1980 in Japan. She is a mangaka illustrator and is a woman.
Tracy Wilson is a Canadian ice dancer and figure skating coach. He was born in Lachine, Quebec on 25 September 1961.
The Windmill at Wijk bij Duurstede is a landscape painting in the Netherlands, which was created in 1670 by Jacob van Ruisdael and is owned by the Rijksmuseum.
The United States is the origin of Judy of Rogue's Harbor, a silent film. Clara Beranger wrote the screenplay and stars Mary Miles Minter and Charles Meredith. George Periolat is a character in the film.
Jan de Nijs was born in Amsterdam, Kingdom of the Netherlands on 25 January 1958. He is a track cyclist and a competitor in cycle sport.
Hassan Muhammad Makki was born in Yemen and attended the Sapienza University of Rome and the University of Bologna. He is a doctor and served as Prime Minister of Yemen. He worked at the Sana'a University.
Hawke's Bay United FC is an association football club based in Napier, New Zealand. They were founded in 2005 and play in the New Zealand Football Championship.
Born in Guantánamo on November 26, 1977, Dalixia Fernández is a female beach volleyball player from Cuba.
The Communist Party of Latvia was founded in 1904 and its headquarters are in Riga. It was a member of the Soviet Union's Communist Party. The party dissolved in 1991.
Blackwell's Island is from the United States. It was produced by Warner Bros. and distributed by Warner Bros. It stars Stanley Fields and Granville Bates. It was released in English.
Mortty Ivy was born April 26, 1986 in the United States. He played American football for the Miami Dolphins and is a member of the US national team in the men's football.
The National Taichung Theater, a theater in Taichung, Taiwan, was opened on 30 September 2016. The National Taichung Theater is owned by Taichung City Government. It was completed in 2015 and opened in 2016.
Liam Honohan was born in 1969 in Bishopstown. He plays for the Cork senior football team and is a Gaelic football player for the Cork senior team.
Alan Solow was born in 2000 in the United States. He graduated from Harvard Law School and is a lawyer. He is a man who is interested in human rights.
The Port of Hamburg, Germany, is operated by the Hamburg Port Authority. It was established on 7 May 1189 and is located in Hamburg, in the Unterelbe River.
Putting on the Ritz is a novel written by Joe Keenan, published in 1991 by Viking Press. The novel is set in New York City.
London Company, based in London, was a business founded in 1606 that was succeeded by the Somers Isles Company. The Plymouth Company was followed by the London Company, which was dissolved or merged in 1624.
Michel Voisin was born in Replonges, France on October 6, 1944. He is a politician and was the Mayor of Replonges. His occupation is a man.
Stephanie Sequeira, born 30 June 1993, is a female bodybuilder and human.
Mike Thorne was born in Sunderland, United Kingdom on 25 January 1948. He is a pianist, composer and record producer.
Sharbani Mukherjee was born 1969 in India. She is an actor and human being. She is a woman.
MC Yankoo was born on 27 August 1981 in Vienna, Austria. He is a singer and rapper. He is a man.
The 1912 Copenhagen Football Championship was an association football season organized by the Danish Football Union in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Carolina Indriago, a model and beauty pageant contestant, was born in Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela on August 22nd, 1980. Carolina Indriago is a woman.
Jack Howell was born in Tucson, Arizona on August 18, 1961. He is a United States citizen, and a baseball player. He is a man.
Italeri is an Italian company that was founded in 1962 in Bologna.
Denmark born, Emilie Ullerup, (27 October 1984 in Copenhagen) is a film actress and a woman.
The India Meteorological Department is a government agency in India, located in New Delhi. It was founded in 1875 and its headquarters are located at Lodhi Road. The India Meteorological Department is a meteorological service in India.
Liao Fan was born on February 14, 1974 in Changsha, China. He is a stage actor and TV actor.
Farragut West is an underground Washington, D.C. metro station in the United States. The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority owns the station which was created in 1977.
Miriam Lau was born in Guangzhou, China in 1947. She is a lawyer and politician. Miriam Lau is a woman.
Daniel Duarte was born in Gibraltar, United Kingdom on October 25, 1979. He is a football player for the United Kingdom men's national association football team.
The film, Performance, is a gay-related film starring John Creasey and Kenneth Colley. The film was produced by Sanford Lieberson and distributed by Warner Bros. The film was also produced by Goodtimes Enterprises.
The World Film Company is a film production company in the United States. It was founded in 1914 by Lewis J. Selznick and is located in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
William Maclay, a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, is from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. His personal name is William Maclay, and he was a member of the United States Rep. class. William Maclay is a man who works in Harrisburg.
Chetan Singh Hari was born on 14 September 1936 in India. His country was the British Raj and he is a former racing cyclist. His career included being part of the winning Indian team in the men's road race.
The French language film Chouans was directed by Bernard Zitzermann and produced by Ariel Zeitoun. Philippe Noiret and Sophie Marceau are among the stars. Maxime Leroux also appears.
Saskatchewan Highway 934 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is owned by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan).
Devin Brown was born in Salt Lake City on 30 December 1978. He is an American basketball player who competed in the men's tournament.
Tecumseh is the county seat of Johnson County, Nebraska, United States. Tecumseh was founded in 1856.
The drama film Tyrel, which stars Jason Mitchell, was released on 20 January 2018. The film was directed by Sebastián Silva.
The Woman Next Door is a 1919 drama film starring Ethel Clayton. It was directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Carolyn Wells.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens, established in 1859, are located in Singapore. They are a botanical garden with an herbarium. The Singapore Botanic Gardens were inscribed as a World Heritage Site in 2016.
Yaya Soumahoro was born in Abidjan, Ivory Coast on 28 September 1989. He is an association football player who represented his country at the men's international level.
The 2011 Players Championship was a golf tournament in the United States. It is also known as The Players Championship and K.J. Choi won the event.
Harsimus Cove station is located in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. The station was opened on November 18, 2000 and is owned by NJ Transit. It is a tram stop.
Philippe Durel was born in Granville, Manche, France on August 13, 1954. He is a professional cyclist, who competes in cycle sport. He is a man.
The Hot Box is an exploitation film released in 1972 starring Carmen Argenziano. It was directed by Joe Viola.
Moirangthem Nara is a politician from India who was born on 27 May 1949. He is a member of the Communist Party of India. He is a human being.
The English language film Meet the Browns was produced by the Tyler Perry Studios and distributed by Lionsgate. It stars Angela Bassett and is a romance film.
Miho Yamada was born on June 21, 1973 in Tokyo, Japan. She is a rhythmic gymnast and a sports commentator. She is a female gymnast.
Shawn Christopher is a singer who comes from the United States. She is a female singer and her genre is House music. She is also human.
Mike England was born in Holywell, Flintshire, United Kingdom on 2 December 1941. He is a former football player and manager. He is a man of many talents.
John Franco is a United States born relief pitcher who played for the New York Mets and Cincinnati Reds.
Andrzej Busza was born in Poland on November 17, 1938. He graduated from University College London, is a poet and literary critic and is a man of letters.
Sean Reilly was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States on 1 June 1961. He is a politician and businessman. Mr. Reilly is a man of great integrity.
Werewolf is a 2016 drama film directed by Ashley McKenzie and written by McKenzie. Andrew Gillis stars in the film.
Beverly Naidus was born in 1953 and graduated from Carleton College and NSCAD University. She is an artist and worked for the University of Washington. She is a woman.
A Fresh Air Romance is a drama short film from the United States. It was released in 1912, and was directed by Harold M Shaw. The short was distributed by Edison Studios.
Marco Baldan was born in Cittadella on 13 November 1993. He is an association football player who plays as a defender for A.C. Perugia Calcio.
Kelly Klein was born in St Louis, United States on 28 January 1986. She is a female wrestler and actor.
The screenplay for Secrets of the Orient was written by Norbert Falk. It was directed by Alexandre Volkoff and Anatole Litvak. The film is a drama with Brigitte Helm and Nina Koshetz as the main cast.
Donna M. Loring was born on Penobscot Indian Island, United States on October 1, 1948. She graduated from the University of Maine and is a politician. She is a woman.
Kong Karls Land is an island group in Svalbard, Norway. It was discovered in 1617.
Giulia Jones was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 20 October 2012 until 15 October 2016. She represented the Molonglo electorate and the Murrumbidgee electorate.
Born in India in 1923, Berland Anthony is an association football player who played as a goalkeeper for East Bengal FC.
Flensburger Brauerei is a brewery in Flensburg, Germany. It was founded in 1888 and is owned by the trademark company, Flensburger Brauerei GmbH & Co. KG.
Aeogae station is located underground in Seoul, South Korea. The station was opened in 1996 and is operated by Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation.
Thunder Point is a thriller novel written by Jack Higgins. It was published in the UK in 1993.
Nikolay Kulemin was born on July 14, 1986 in Magnitogorsk, Russia. He is a ice hockey player who competed in the 2014 Winter Olympics for Russia in men's ice hockey.
Olivia Fergusson was born in Burntwood, on 27 March 1995. She is a football player for Aston Villa F.C. and is a human being.
The novella Anthem is a science fiction novel written by Ayn Rand and published in the United States in 1938.
The book Wild at Heart was written by John Eldredge and published in 2001 in English. It was written in the U.S. and published by Thomas Nelson.
Sam Jeffries was born in 1992 in Brisbane, Australia. He plays for the NEC Green Rockets and is a member of the Australia men's national rugby union team.
Sanni Hakala was born in Jyväskylä, Finland on 31 October 1997. She is an ice hockey player and played for the Finland women's national ice hockey team.
Front Office Football is a sports video game published by EA Sports. It was released in 1999 and originated in the United States. The game is available for Microsoft Windows.
Shunsuke Michieda was born in Osaka Prefecture, Japan on July 25, 2002. He is an actor and human being.
J.B. Woodman was born on December 13, 1994 in Orlando, Florida. He is a baseball player for the Palm Beach Cardinals. Mr. Woodman is a man.
Fuchu Athletic FC is a Futsal team in Japan. The Fuchu Athletic FC was established in 2000 and play in the F. League.
Evangelical Lyceum is a school in Bratislava, Slovakia. It was established in 1991. It is located in the country's capital city, Bratislava. It is categorised as a cultural heritage monument.
Jackson Guitars, a musical instrument manufacturing company founded in 1980 in Scottsdale, Arizona, is owned by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation. The company is located in the United States.
Moore County was created in 1876 in Texas, United States. The county is located in the state, and has Dumas as its capital. Moore County is located in Texas and is bordered by Potter County.
Cadena Dial is a radio station in Andorra, Spain. It was founded on September 3rd 1990. It is owned by PRISA and has its headquarters in Madrid.
Soul Grabber is a jazz album by saxophonist Willis Jackson, produced by Cal Lampley. It was released in 1967 on Prestige Records.
IronRuby is a free and open-source software that was created in 2007 by Microsoft. It is a programming language implementation for Microsoft Windows.
The Sword and the Cross is a drama film that was written by Sandro Continenza. It was directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani and starred Massimo Serato and Andrea Aureli.
Samuel Goldwyn distributed the biographical film Sid and Nancy, which stars Perry Benson, David Hayman, Andrew Schofield and produced by Eric Fellner.
Revy Rosalia is a football player from the Kingdom of the Netherlands. He was born in Rotterdam on December 8, 1982. He played for the men's association football team.
Born on 30 January 1992 in Bradford, Ben Hellewell is a rugby league footballer who plays for Featherstone Rovers. He is a member of the Featherstone Rovers men's rugby league team.
Jessica Manley, a British film actor, was born in England in 1985. Manley is a woman.
Sean Fingleton, a painter, was born in 1950 in the Republic of Ireland. He is a man.
Tom is a biographical documentary film from Canada, released on September 12, 2002. Tom ( 2002 film ) was directed by Mike Hoolboom.
Jamie Slabber was born on 31 December 1984 in the London Borough of Enfield, United Kingdom. A football player for the UK men's national football team, he plays association football.
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF is a science fiction short story book from the United States, edited by Arthur W. Saha.
Bradley Langenhoven was born on 3 December 1983 in Walvis Bay, Namibia. He is a rugby union player who plays for Namibia and has played for the men's national team.
Mike Davis was born in Lichfield, England on 23 January 1942. He is a member of the England national rugby union team and is a male rugby union player. Mike Davis is a member of the United Kingdom.
The single "Foolish Foolish" was released on November 26, 2008 by Epic Records. It was performed by Yuya Matsushita and the musical genre is J-pop.
The Scheme for Full Employment is a novel written by Magnus Mills. It was published by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom in March 2003.
Priyankar Mukherjee was born in India on 29 March 1985. He is a cricketer and also a human being.
Val Demings was born in March 12, 1957 in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. He is a police officer and social worker. He served as the Chief of Police.
The Klöckner Stadium is owned by the University of Virginia in the United States. It is operated by the Virginia Cavaliers who are the occupants.
The Last Emperor won the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing and the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue, a sculpture, was created by Theodore Cotillo Barbarossa in 1976. It is located in Massachusetts, United States, and commemorates Samuel Wilson.
Casey Kotchman was born in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States on 22 February 1983. He is a baseball player who is a member of the USA men's national baseball team.
Sandra Jordan was a journalist and human being. She was born in 1901, is a woman.
Samuel Lacey, known as Sam Lacey, is a basketball player who played center for the Cincinnati Royals. He also played for the Brooklyn Nets.
Mohamed Sakho is a member of the Olympic Club de Safi. He is a midfielder and plays for the Étoile Sportive du Sahel. Sakho is the name of an association football player.
The rock band Southern Sons, who are signed to RCA Records, performed the song "Always and Ever". The song was released in 1990.
Born on December 13th 1988 in Dover, Ohio, Perci Garner is a former American football player who played for the Cleveland Indians. He is also a baseball player.
Terumi Asoshina was born 2 August 1982 in Japan. She is a long distance runner and competed in the sport of athletics. Terumi Asoshina is a human being and she competed in the women's long-distance running event.
The United States Alice International Airport, which was created on January 2, 1943, is located in Alice, Texas. The airport serves Alice, Texas and is named after Alice.
Achraf Lazaar began his career on 31 January 2014 and played with S.S.D. Palermo. He began his career on 1 July 2014 and ended it on 30 June 2016. S.S.D. Palermo was acquired in a loan transaction.
NK Croatia Sesvete is an association football club based in Zagreb, Croatia. The club was founded in 1957 and dissolved in 2012.
Eric Abrams was born in 1974 in University City, San Diego, United States. He was an American football player who was a member of the US Men's National Football Team.
Juliette Brindak was born in 1989 in New York City. She graduated from Greenwich High School and is a human.
The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday is a comedy film produced by American International Pictures. It was distributed by American International Pictures and stars Robert Culp and Sylvia Miles. The language of the film is English.
The film The Blair Witch Project, starring Joshua Leonard and saxophonist Jim King, passed the Bechdel test and was released on 25 January 1999.
Hillhead is an underground metro station in Glasgow City, United Kingdom. It is part of the Glasgow Subway system. Hillhead was opened on 14 December 1896.
Jamie Young, a member of the Boston Celtics, is a basketball coach. He is a member of the Blackburn College (Illinois) basketball team and is a man.
The Old Greenbelt Theatre is part of the Greenbelt Historic District which is part of the Resettlement Administration. The district, which was designed in the Streamline Moderne architectural style by Reginald Jeffrey Wadsworth, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Rolling Stones are the performers of the song "You Got the Silver" from their album Let It Bleed. The song was written by Mick Jagger and produced by Jimmy Miller. Rock music is the musical genre of the song.
Carl Peter Stoltenberg, a member of the Parliament of Norway, was a member of the Independence Party. Stoltenberg was born in Norway, and his surname is Carl. Mr. Stoltenberg was a man.
Bearna/Na Forbacha GAA is a hurling sports club in the Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1992 and is located in County Galway.
Some Girls is a romantic comedy-drama starring Jennifer Connelly and Patrick Dempsey. It was produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
El Porvenir Airport, which is located in Guna Yala, Panama, is named after El Porvenir, Guna Yala. El Porvenir Airport (Honduras) is located here.
Gila River Arena is located in Glendale, Arizona in the United States. The arena is operated by the Arizona Coyotes.
The Rebel is a South Korean TV series, a historical fiction drama that first aired on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation on 30 January 2017.
Autumn Shower is a drama television series which originated in South Korea. The series was broadcast on the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation and began on September 21st, 2005 and ended on November 10th, 2005.
Tsushimanomiya Station is a train station in Mitoyo, Kagawa, Japan. It was opened on May 7, 1915 and is connected to the Yosan Line.
Christa Pike was born in West Virginia on March 10th 1976. She is a United States citizen and was the first woman to be born in the country.
The Sweet are an art rock band and the album Level Headed is a glam rock album. The album was released in 1978 by Polydor Records.
Astrid Gjertsen was born in Horsens on 14 September 1928. She is a politician and a member of the Parliament of Norway. She was the first woman to hold office in Norway.
I Wanna Fall in Love is a country music single, released in September 1997. It is performed by Lila McCann, who is signed with Asylum Records.
La Gran tentación is a 1948 drama film directed by Ernesto Arancibia. It stars Elisa Galvé, José Olarra.
Matt Mead was born in Jackson, Wyoming, United States on March 11, 1962. He is a lawyer, politician and businessperson.
The film Chalo is a Romantic comedy, action comedy, released on 2 February 2018 and starring Mime Gopi and Naga Shaurya.
The 2006 China Open Badminton Championships - Men's doubles was held in China.
Brian Page was born in Minneapolis-Saint Paul on May 8, 1966. He is a male tennis player.
Seiko Niizuma was born in Inazawa, Aichi, Japan, on October 8, 1980. She is a singer and voice actress, and is a female singer.
The screenplay for Broadcast News was written by James L Brooks. The film is a romantic comedy with William Hurt and Jack Nicholson as main characters. It also stars Marc Shaiman and is a comedy-drama.
Victoria City Hall, in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, was designed by architect John Teague. It was completed in 1890. The building's heritage designation is BC.
The Thirteen Chairs was written by Nicolas Gessner and produced by Claude Giroux. It was originally shown in English, and starred Vittorio Gassman, Mirella Pamphili and Ottavia Piccolo.
The 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals - Men's Singles was a tennis event held in Brazil.
Doug Geiss, born Doug, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives and has spoken English. Doug Geiss is a human being and resides in Lansing, Michigan.
The Book of Strange New Things is a science fiction novel written by Michel Faber and published in the United States by Hogarth Press in January 2014.
Kaori Mizumori was born in Kita, Tokyo, Japan on August 31st, 1973. She graduated from Josai Junior College and is a singer. She is a member of the girl group, Kaori Mizumori.
Paul Pettinger was born in Sheffield, United Kingdom, on October 1, 1975. He is an association football player and is a man.
The Ruskin Pottery is a pottery studio in Smethwick, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1898.
The Cayman Islands are a group of islands in the United Kingdom, belonging to the British Overseas Territories. They were discovered on 10 May 1503 by Christopher Columbus.
The Golden Palominos are an alternative rock band from Cleveland, founded in 1981 by Anton Fier. They released their debut album, This is How It Feels.
The song "Good Good Night" was performed by Roscoe Dash. It is a hip hop song and was produced by Kane Beatz. It was released on January 1, 2011.
Ellen McIlwaine, born in Nashville, Tennessee on October 1, 1945, is a US singer-songwriter and one of the country's female singer-songwriters.
Bob Riedy was born on August 26, 1945 in the United States. He was a basketball player for the Houston Mavericks and was a member of the US men's national basketball team.
Ashok Vajpeyi is a translator of Hindi literature. He was educated at St Stephen's College, Delhi. His notable work is Kahin Nahin Wahin.
Kevin Leveille was born on 18 August 1981 in Delmar, New York. Kevin Leveille was a lacrosse player for the United States men's national lacrosse team.
Jim Rygiel, who is a human, won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Barry Cable was born in Narrogin, Western Australia on 22 September 1943. He is an Australian rules football player and coach. Mr. Cable represented Australia in the men's football tournament.
North Carolina State University is the owner of Riddick Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States. The occupants of the stadium are the North Carolina State University.
Daniel Martins was born in Torres Vedras, Portugal on 23 June 1993. He is an association football player and plays for the Portugal men's national football team.
Jeremy Lewis was born 1 February 1990 in West Palm Beach, Florida. He is a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and plays American football.
Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot is a sociologist who was born in the US on August 22, 1944. She graduated from Harvard Graduate School of Education and is an employee at Harvard University. Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot is a woman.
Hotaru no Nikki is an action-adventure video game which was published by Nippon Ichi Software in Japan. It was released on June 19, 2014 for PlayStation Vita.
Danny Lippens, whose full name is Danny Lippens, was born in Eeklo, Belgium, in 1961. He is a male racing cyclist.
Amit Rawal was born in Chandigarh, India on 21 September 1963. He was educated at Panjab University. Mr. Rawal served as a Judge in the Indian High Court.
The NEC Corporation of America was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas, United States. Its parent organization is NEC and it does business in the United States. The company also owns the subsidiary DIMACS.
Trapt from the United States is the artist of Reborn, their hard rock album. The album was released on the EMI Records label on the 30th of July 2013.
The Aviva Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The Irish Rugby Football Union own the Aviva Stadium, the occupants of which are, the Republic of Ireland national football team.
The pop music performer Gloria Estefan is signed with Epic Records and performed the song "Live for Loving You". The song was released in September 1991 and is part of the album Into the Light.
Jeff Dean is a musician from the United States. His surname is Dean. He won the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award.
Al Ferguson and Fred Clark star in the film Sunset Boulevard which was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film originates from the United States and is set in Los Angeles.
Luciana Morales Mendoza was born in Lima, Peru, in 1987. She is a chess player who plays in the women's game.
Peter Macdissi, a human being, resides in Los Angeles. He was born in 1993 and is the actor Peter Macdissi.
Sports Direct is a United Kingdom based brick and mortar business founded in 1982. Its headquarters are located in Shirebrook and the owner is Mike Ashley.
Born on January 17, 1981, Cal Henderson is an engineer, blogger, human and he attended Sharnbrook Academy.
Susana Mora was born in Mexico on January 26, 1979. She is a football player in the Association football league for women.
The pop music single Heaven Knows was released in July 1992. It was performed by Rick Price, who was signed to Columbia Records.
John F. Kelly (September 6, 1949 - September 16, 2018) was a politician from Detroit, Michigan. He graduated from Wayne State University with a M.A.
The Byurakan Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Byurakan, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia which was established in 1946. The Byurakan Observatory is part of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences.
Mushi Production is an animation studio in Japan. It was founded in 1961 by Osamu Tezuka.
Born in Australia on 28 December 1939, sociologist Robin Room attended Princeton University and was a man of letters.
Louis Delhaize Group is a publicly traded company in the retail industry, whose headquarters are located in Charleroi. The company was founded in 1875.
South Korea born football player Cho Kwang-rae was born in Jinju on March 19, 1954. He has worked as a manager and has represented the country in the men's football tournament.
Mikhail Panin was born in Oskemen on 15 January 1961. He is an ice hockey player who has played for Krylya Sovetov Moscow and SKA Saint Petersburg.
Karl Fairbank was born on 1 June 1963 in the United Kingdom. He is a human being, he was a rugby league player for Bradford Bulls and he is a member of the British Isles men's team.
Nea Salamis Famagusta VC won the 1998-1999 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, 1994-1995 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1 and the 2000-01 Cypriot Men's Volleyball Cup. She also won the 2012-13 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1 and the 2013-14 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1.
Symbol Technologies, a business founded by Jerome Swartz, is based in Holtsville, New York, Netherlands. The company was founded in 1975 and dissolved in 2007.
The Rear Gunner is a drama film from the United States, released in April 10th, 1943. It was written and directed by Ray Enright and distributed by Warner Bros.
The 1989 Toray Pan Pacific Open - Doubles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
LeAnn Rimes is a country music performer of Crazy Women, a single from her album Lady & Gentlemen. The single was released on 10 December 2010 and was released by Curb Records.
Lionel Isherwood, born in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, played cricket for Hampshire County Cricket Club and Sussex County Cricket Club.
Shafi Parambil was born in India on 12 February 1983. He is a politician from the Indian National Congress party and a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. Shafi Parambil is a man.
The Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation is a company in China. It was founded in 1958 and is located in Xi'an. Its parent organization is the Aviation Industry Corporation of China.
Petr Mocek, born on 8 December 1980 in Czechoslovakia, is an ice hockey player from the Czech Republic. He competed in the men's tournament at the Winter Olympics.
Ashley Allanson was born in Kingston upon Hull, United Kingdom on November 13th 1986. He is a football player, who plays association football for the United Kingdom and is a man of many talents.
Don L. Anderson studied at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was a doctoral student of Thomas H. Jordan. He was awarded the James B. Macelwane Medal and the Guggenheim Fellowship. He is a seismologist. Frank Press was the doctoral advisor to Don L. Anderson.
Rosa Kellner, a female name, is from Germany. She competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
The Football Federation of Burundi is the owner of the Burundi women's national football team. The team play in the Women's Association Football competition. Burundi is the country for Burundi.
The Turtles were the performers of the album Turtle Soup. The album was released in October 1969 and was produced by Ray Davies. The album is considered folk rock music. The record label White Whale Records released the album.
Born on 16 June 1931 in Colindres, Spain, Pablo Puente, attended the Comillas Pontifical University and became a priest. He is a man of letters.
Jacqueline Soames was born in Nuneaton, United Kingdom on 30 September 1968. She is a former figure skater who competed in figure skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics - Pair skating. She is a female figure skater.
Vendela is a novel from Finland written by Kaari Utrio. It was published in 1989 by Tammi.
The film Jalopy was released in 1953. The screenwriter was Tim Ryan and the director was William Beaudine. Leo Gorcey stars in the film which has Marlin Skiles as the musical composer.
Jeannie Gunn wrote the novel We of the Never Never. It was published in 1908 and comes from Australia. The novel is set at Elsey Station.
Matt McKnight was born in Halkirk, Alberta, Canada on June 14, 1984. He is an ice hockey player for the Canadian national men's ice hockey team.
Yaw Arnol was born on 3 December 1997 in Ho, Ghana. He is an association football player from Ghana. Yaw Arnol is a man of colour.
The Terrazza Martini Tower is a skyscraper in Genoa, Italy. It was designed by the architect Marcello Piacentini and opened in 1940.
Sara Martinez Puntero, who competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, is a female track and field athlete from Spain. She was born in Madrid on February 26, 1990.
Telia company is owned by the government of Sweden. They were founded in 2003, they are a company located in Stockholm.
Bob Johnston is the producer of the song "4th Time Around," which is a folk rock song. It was performed by Bob Dylan. The song is from the album Blonde on Blonde and is available through Columbia Records.
The Gunfighter is a Western film starring Kenneth Tobey, Hank Patterson, Pierce Lyden and William Bowers. The screenwriters of The Gunfighter were Roger Corman and William Bowers.
Victor Rodrigues da Silva was born 10 February 1976 in Brazil. He represented South Korea and is a football player. He is a man.
The Caldecott MRT station is an underground mass rapid transit station in Singapore. It was inaugurated on 8 October 2011.
Tom MacLeod is a human being who played linebacker for the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Colts between 1947 and 1950.
VV DESK is an association football club from Waalwijk, Netherlands. They were founded on 29 May 1930.
Wings Upon Your Horns is the debut album of country music performer Loretta Lynn. It was released on January 5th 1970 and was produced by Owen Bradley. The album was released by Decca Records.
The Taipei Metro station Zhishan, Taipei, Taiwan was opened in 1997. Zhishan is elevated.
Merze Tate is the surname of Merze Tate, who was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame. She studied at Western Michigan University, Harvard University and worked for Howard University. Merze Tate is a human being.
Bryce Courtenay is the author of Tandia, which is an English novel from Australia. It was published in May 1991.
Born on January 12, 1988 in Trinidad and Tobago, Charisse Mills is an opera singer. She was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago women's sextet.
Apolline Traoré was born in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso in 1976. She graduated from Emerson College and is a filmmaker. Apolline Traore is a woman.
David Renneberg (born 23 September 1942 in Australia) is a former cricketer who represented the Australia national cricket team. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
Never Mind the Quality Feel the Width is a comedy film from the United Kingdom. It was produced by EMI Films, filmed at Pinewood Studios in London and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Numbered Highways in Kentucky, United States, are the location of Kentucky Route 34. The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet owns and maintains the road.
A Knight of the Word is a speculative fiction novel from the United States written by Terry Brooks. It was published in 1998 by Del Rey Books.
Taiz University in Taiz, Yemen was established in 1996.
Edmund Yeo was born in Singapore on 6 March 1984. He is a Malaysian film director and his genre is male.
Bulkemsmolen is a watermill and gristmill in Simpelveld in the Netherlands. It was created in 1774.
The Brunswick Corporation is a joint-stock company founded in 1845 by J.M. Brunswick, with headquarters in Lake Forest, Illinois, United States.
The film Burning Love is a comedy film which was released in 2015. Its Italian language is the language spoken in the film which was directed by Alberto Caviglia and produced by Luigi Musini.
Robin Raphel was born in 1947 in Vancouver, Washington. She graduated from the University of Washington and is a diplomat. She was the first woman to be a graduate of the university.
Audio Playground is a rock and pop band that was formed in 2009 in Edmonton, Canada. Their musical genre is Dance music and they are signed to Sony Music.
Els Dottermans, a singer and film actor, was born in Leuven, Belgium on 16 May 1964.
Eaton Square Mayfair is a private school in London, United Kingdom. It was established in 2017 and is located in the City of Westminster.
The United States is the origin of Stranger on the Third Floor. It was produced by RKO Pictures and distributed by RKO Pictures. The director of photography for the movie was Nicholas Musuraca. Dell Henderson and Charles Halton are both in the cast.
Too Cold is a hip hop single by Roots Manuva, released on 21 March 2005. It is the fourth single from their album Awfully Deep. The record label Big Dada are the performers of Too Cold.
Overland with Kit Carson was produced by Jack Fier and stars Richard Fiske and Iris Meredith. It originates from the United States and is written by Joseph F. Poland. It is also known by the English language.
JJ Lin was born in Singapore on 27 March 1981. He is a singer-songwriter and actor.
Mohamed Shawky is an association football player who plays as a midfielder. He plays for Smouha SC and Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC in the Premier League. He is also a human being.
Grayson McCouch is a stage actor who was born October 29, 1968 in New York City, United States.
Jason Palmada was born in New Zealand on 25 February 1969. He is a member of the Workington Town rugby league football club and is a male rugby league player.
The Bellboy is a comedy film written by Jerry Lewis and starring Maxie Rosenbloom. Jerry Lewis produced the film and Jack Weston and Maxie Rosenbloom also star in this film.
Francis Clarke is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. He is a human being and his language is English. His name is Francis Clarke.
Gianluca Alfenoni was born in Zarate, Buenos Aires, on 20 January 1996. He is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Defensores Unidos and is a member of the Men's National Team.
Ulrike Malmendier was born in Germany on August 1st, 1973. She studied at the University of Bonn and is an economist. She is the first woman to be a professor.
Turquoise Hill Resources is a mining company founded in 1994 by Robert Friedland. The company is headquartered in Vancouver and is traded on the Nasdaq.
Wil Myers was born in the United States and is known as Wil Myers. He plays first base for the Tampa Bay Rays and San Diego Padres.
Steve Skroce, born in Canada in 1901, is a comics artist and cartoonist. He is also known as a man of letters.
Mehmet Topuz was born on September 7, 1983 in Yozgat, Turkey. He is an association football player who is a member of the Turkey men's national football team.
Roy Long (4 September 1914 - 4 April 1985) was an Australian rules football player who played for Hawthorn Football Club. Roy Long was a man of many talents.
U.S. Route 91 is a United States road that was constructed in 1926. It is owned by the Idaho Transportation Department and is located in the state of Utah.
Scotland born Andy Whiteford, a former football player, is now a manager. He is a United Kingdom national, having been born on August 22, 1977.
The band The Nosebleeds, whose musical genre is punk rock, was founded in 1976 in Manchester, United Kingdom. Vini Reilly is a member of the band.
Masayoshi Takemura, a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, was Minister of Finance. He is a member of the Democratic Party of Japan. Takemura is the family name, and he is an academic at Tokushima Bunri University.
The film Gentlemen Among Themselves was released on October 1, 1929 in Germany. It was directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein, written by Franz Rauch and starred Hermann Picha.
Jumbunna railway station is an abandoned railway station in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Outtrim railway line and was opened in 1894.
Lewis Neal was born on 14 July 1981 in Leicester, United Kingdom. He is an association football player and represented the country at the men's international level.
Daniel Henshall was born in Sydney, Australia on 9 August 1982. He is an actor in film and television.
The Veterans Memorial Bridge is a bascule bridge in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The bridge was inaugurated on October 11, 2011 and is maintained by the Massachusetts Highway Department. The bridge crosses the Taunton River.
The film Expelled from Paradise, written by Gen Urobuchi, is a post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Seiji Mizushima. It stars Hiroshi Kamiya and Hisao Egawa.
Inverleith House, designed by David Henderson, is located in the city of Inverleith, Edinburgh, United Kingdom.
Sofia Ashraf is a female singer born in Chennai in 1987. She graduated from the University of Madras and is an artist for the voice.
Wayne Wood was born in Toronto, Canada, June 5th, 1951. He is a former ice hockey player who competed in the men's ice hockey.
The Anderson Memorial Bridge, built in 1915, is an arch bridge that crosses the Charles River. It is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Kosali Simon was a United States citizen, who graduated from Hamilton College with a doctorate in economics. She is an economist and worked at Indiana University. William N. Evans was her doctoral advisor. Kosali Simon is a woman.
Nikolaos Zafeiropoulos was born in Greece on January 8, 1974. He plays association football for the club M.S.P.
The novel Hornet Flight was written by Ken Follett. It is a thriller from Wales and was published in 2002.
The album Later That Evening was released in 1982. It is an album in jazz music by Eberhard Weber. The album was produced by Manfred Eicher and was released by ECM Records.
Jens Semjan was born in Ulm, Germany on 13 February 1979. He is an artist whose genre is male hairstyles.
Oakgrove School is an English academy school in Milton Keynes, borough of Milton Keynes, United Kingdom. It was established in February 2011 and was established in 2005.
Dark Quetzal is a speculative fiction novel written by Katherine Roberts and published by Scholastic Corporation in the UK on 1 March 2003.
Gilbert Lao was born on September 13, 1978 in Manila, Philippines. He is a basketball player for the Philippines men's national basketball team.
Carlos Duarte is a football player who was born on 25 March 1933 in Huambo, Portugal. He was an association football player who played for the Portugal men's national football team.
Miyakojima Station is an underground metro station in Miyakojima-ku, Osaka, Japan. The station was opened on 29 May 1974.
Soraya Saga was born in Japan in 1969. She is a painter and illustrator. She is a woman.
StopBadware is a computer security organization founded in 2006 in Cambridge, Massachusetts by John Palfrey.
The film, 22 Female Kottayam, starring Rima Kallingal and Fahadh Faasil, was released on 13 April 2012. The music of the film was composed by Bijibal. The film was directed by Aashiq Abu.
Patricia Dowling was born December 10, 1957 in Lawrence, Massachusetts, United States. She is a lawyer and judge. She is a politician.
Nadia Sharmeen was born in 1950 in Bangladesh. She is a journalist and was awarded the International Women of Courage Award.
Shizue Miyabe was born in Nara, Nara on August 3rd 1938. She represented Japan at the 1960 Summer Olympics and was the only female swimmer in the country.
Joe Womack was born on 10 December 1936 in Fort Worth, Texas. He is a former American football player who played as a halfback for the Cal State Los Angeles Golden Eagles.
The English language animated short film Hop, Look and Listen was released in 1948. The director was Robert McKimson and the producer was Edward Selzer. The musical score was by Carl W. Stalling.
The book The Critical Legal Studies Movement was written in English by Roberto Mangabeira Unger and published in the United States in 1983.
Irving Kirsch was born in New York City on March 7, 1943. He graduated from the University of Southern California with an M.A. and is a researcher in the United States.
Born in Tamil Nadu, India, on 10 October 1966, actor Saravanan is a human being. He is a man of many talents.
Matteo Fabbro (born 10 April 1995 in Udine, Italy) is a male racing cyclist.
Mozilla, founded by Netscape on 28 February 1998, is an open-source software company based in San Francisco. The company's chief executive officer is Mitchell Baker. It is a nonprofit organization.
The Edge of Evolution is written by Michael Behe, published by Free Press. It was published in the United States on June 5th, 2007.
Kiana Weber was born in Chelsea, Michigan and graduated from the University of Michigan. She is a violinist and performs in the genre of female singing.
Van Morrison is a performer of the Celtic music genre Tore Down a la Rimbaud. This single was released in 1985 and is part of A Sense of Wonder. The record label Mercury Records are the performers of the single.
Secret Fortune is a game show that was created by Matthew Worthy and broadcast on BBC One. The series originated in the U.K. and is broadcast in English.
"Witchcraft" is a swing music song performed by Frank Sinatra. It was recorded in 1957 by Capitol Records and was produced by Dave Cavanaugh.
The Fighting Skipper is a 1923 silent film serial distributed by Arrow Film Corporation. It was directed by Francis Ford and starred Jack Perrin.
John Wozniak is a singer-songwriter born January 19, 1971 in Minneapolis, United States.
Time Lines is the second album by jazz musician Andrew Hill. It was released on Blue Note Records in 2006. The album is a sequel to The Day the World Stood Still.
Tanya Sharma was born in India on 27 September 1995. She is a TV actor and a female.
Queen of Chinatown is a Euro disco song by Amanda Lear. It was released in 1977 and was a single from I Am a Photograph.
Cineriz is an Italian business founded by Angelo Rizzoli, headquartered in Rome. Cineriz was founded in 1956 and dissolved in 1993.
The 2010 Billie Jean King Cup, also known as the BNP Paribas Showdown, was a tennis tournament held in Manhattan, United States.
Taijo Teniste was born in Tartu, Estonia on 31 January 1988. He is an association football player who played for the Estonia men's national football team.
And the Big Men Fly is a sport written work from Australia, written by Alan Hopgood. It was published in 1963 by Heinemann.
Gertrude Mwangala was born in 1954 in Zambia. She is a female academic who graduated from the University of Zambia. Gertrude Mwangala lives in Livingstone, Zambia.
Ted Jennings, a defensive end, was educated at Chaminade Julienne High School. He was a member of the UConn Huskies football team and is known as a human being.
Born in Barquisimeto, Venezuela on 28 April 1948, Pablo Torrealba is a baseball player. He is a man.
Chintayami Manasa is a book on Literary Criticism written by Suresh Joshi. The book was published in 1983 and won the Sahitya Akademi Award.
DreamForge Intertainment was a video game developer located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The company was founded in 1990 and dissolved in 2000.
Apache Tuscany is free software developed by The Apache Software Foundation and is free software with an Apache License. The language of Apache Tuscany is Java, but it can also be written in C++.
Petr Korda was a tennis player from the Czech Republic. He lives in Monte Carlo. Doping is a significant event in sport.
Towson University is located in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. It was founded in 1866 and is affiliated with the University System of Maryland.
The Duri-Tangerang railway line is owned by the Indonesian Railway Company and operated by KRL Commuterline. The line was opened in 1899 and is located in Jakarta, Indonesia.
The South Dakota Cultural Heritage Center is located in Pierre, South Dakota, United States. It was created in 1989 and operated by the South Dakota State Historical Society. It is distinct from the Museum of the South Dakota State Historical Society.
Space Rangers 2: Dominators is an interactive fiction video game developed by Elemental Games and published by the 1C Company. The game was released on June 17, 2005 for Microsoft Windows.
President of Mongolia, Natsagiin Bagabandi, a member of the Mongolian People's Party, was awarded the Order of Friendship, was awarded the Order of Sukhbaatar and is an example of a human being.
Olga Smorodskaya was born on November 7, 1956 in Gomel, Russia. She graduated from the Plekhanov Russian University of Economics, and is a banker who is a woman.
The 1979 Canadian Grand Prix was held at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada on 30 September 1979. It was part of the 1979 Formula One season and was an auto racing event.
Damon Williams was born in Washington D.C., United States on December 12, 1973. He is a basketball player and coach for the US men's national basketball team.
The book Comparing Media Systems was written by Daniel C Hallin and Paolo Mancini. It was published in 2004 by Cambridge University Press in the United States.
The Lowell Technological Institute was a college in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1895 and dissolved in 1975. It was succeeded by the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
The Wandering Islands is a 1955 book of poetry written by A.D. Hope. It originates from Australia.
Laughing in the Sunshine is a romance film which was released in 1956. The musical score was provided by Jules Sylvain and Jane Hylton was a star. It was directed by Daniel Birt.
The Missouri Department of Transportation is the owner of Missouri Route 465 in the United States. The road was created in 2003.
Vemma is an energy drink multi-level marketing company in the United States. It was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. Vemma is a pyramid scheme.
Richard Cramb was born in Falkirk, United Kingdom on 7 September 1963. He is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons. He is a member of the men's national team.
Arthit Tanusorn was born 16 February 1975 in Saraburi, Thailand. He is an Association football player and plays for the Thailand men's national football team.
Crowes railway station is an abandoned railway station in Victoria, Australia. It was opened in 1910.
Glen Tomlinson was born in Australia on 18 March 1970. He is a rugby league player for Wakefield Trinity and is a member of the Australian men's national rugby league team.
Marvin Filipo (born 20 March 1987 in Auckland) is a New Zealand rugby league player. He is a man.
Roy Andrew Miller, aka Roy Andrew Miller, was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. He was born Roy Andrew Miller, is the surname of Roy, graduated from Columbia University, worked at the University of Washington, and was named man of the match.
Susan Gunn was born in Greater Manchester in 1965. She is a painter and human being. She studied at the Norwich University of the Arts.
John Fogerty is the musical producer and writer of the song Green River which is the sequel to Bad Moon Rising. The song was written by John Fogerty and was originally from the United States. The song was recorded on the Beach Street Records label.
Bill Finger is the author of the comic book Detective Comics, which was published by DC Comics in the United States. The comic book was started in 1937 and is written in English.
Villarreal CF B is an association football club located in Villarreal, Spain. The club was founded in 1999 and plays in the Segunda División B league.
Marian Dora was born in 2000 in Southern Germany. He is a director, screenwriter and film producer.
The film Victoria Day was released in 2009. Its director is David Bezmozgis, screenwriter is David Bezmozgis, the musical score is by Lesley Barber and the cast includes Mark Rendall.
You Meihong (born 31 January 1993) is a female swimmer from China, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Vishwaroopam is a Spy film produced by Prasad V Potluri. It stars Kamal Haasan, Shekhar Kapur and Kamal Haasan.
The Tale of Pigling Bland is a children's book written by Beatrix Potter. It was published in 1913 by Frederick Warne & Co. in England.
Louisa May Alcott wrote the novel An Old-Fashioned Girl. It was published in 1869. It was published by the Roberts Brothers. The novel originates from the United States.
The film Clay is a drama from Australia. It was released in January of 1965 and was directed by Giorgio Mangiamele.
Gallows Thief is a novel written by Bernard Cornwell. It is from the United Kingdom and was published in October 2001. The book is set in London.
Michele Romanow was born in Calgary, Canada in 1985. She graduated from Queen's University and is a businessperson. She is a woman.
Star Spangled Rhythm is a musical film distributed by Paramount Pictures. It stars Albert Dekker and Bob Hope. It was directed by George Marshall.
A Ciambra, a 12 kijkwijzer rating Italian film, is from Italy. Tim Curtin is the director of photography. The film is about Ciambra, an Italian speaking town in the Gioia Tauro.
The Complex Rock Tour Live is a live album by the Blue Man Group. The Complex Rock Tour Live was released in 2003 and is a sequel to The Complex and followed by Live at The Venetian - Las Vegas. The Complex Rock Tour Live's genre is experimental rock.
Kevin Nicholson is a football player from the United Kingdom who was born October 2, 1980 in Derby. He is the manager of the men's football team.
The CSM Corona Brasov ice hockey team is the occupant of the Brasov Olympic Ice Rink in Romania. The ice rink was opened in January 2010 and is owned by the city of Brasov.
Park Bit-na was born on June 16, 1985 in South Korea. She competed in figure skating at the 2002 Winter Olympics - ladies.
Julien Dacosta was born in Marseille on May 29th 1996. He is an association football player who plays as a defender for Chamois Niortais F.C.
Monica Elfvin was born November 22, 1938 in Gothenburg. She was an artistic gymnast who competed in the women's artistic gymnastics competition.
Nicoleta Manu was born on 3 December 1980 in Piatra Neamţ, Romania. She is a female volleyball player.
Mr. Bean 's Holiday was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions, was filmed in Cannes. Mr. Bean is the sequel to Mr. Bean, and stars Julien Cottereau and Arsène Mosca.
Maine State Route 145 is a road in the United States that was established in 1925. The Maine Department of Transportation is the owner of Maine State Route 145.
Emanuel Olivera was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 2 April 1990. He is an association football player who plays for the Argentina men's national football team.
The drama film The Rain People was released in 1969. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Shirley Knight and Alan Manson are stars.
Zack Weiss was a baseball player from the United States. He was born in Irvine, California on 16 June 1992. Zack is a man.
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat was written by Enid Blyton and published in 1944. It is a novel from the United Kingdom and is published by Methuen Publishing.
Vadym Sapay was born in Yuzhnoukrainsk, Ukraine on 7 February 1986. He is a football player for the national team and he plays association football for the men's team.
The ABC of Castro Alves is a novel from Brazil written by Jorge Amado. It is a biography written in 1941.
Rania Elwani was born in Cairo on October 14, 1977. She is a politician from Egypt. She is also a sports administrator. Rania Elwani is a woman.
Lamonte Hunley, a man, was born on 31 January 1963. He is an American football player who played linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts.
The 5th Quarter was made in English in North Carolina in the U.S. The film stars Andie MacDowell and Jon Abbate.
The JAL Express airline was founded in 1997 and headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Its hub airport is Haneda airport and the airline ceased operations on 30 September 2014.
The Wonderful Day is a 1932 French film, from France. It was produced by Pathé and distributed by Pathe. Jean Aquistapace and Andre Alerme are both stars in the original version of the film.
Manu Busto was born in Santander, Spain on October 7, 1980. He is a football player in the Association football league for Spain.
Marbo Product, a company in Serbia, was founded on April 16, 1995. It is owned by PepsiCo and is located in Belgrade.
Konkan Railway Corporation, whose headquarters are located in Navi Mumbai, is part of the Indian Railways zone. Its main business is rail transport. The Konkan Railway Corporation was founded on July 19, 1990.
Robert Barney Dallenbach, born August 6, 1927, graduated from Alma White College and is a human being. He served as General Superintendent of Pillar of Fire International.
Adam Arthur is a human being with the surname Arthur. He plays as a midfielder for West Virginia Alliance FC.
Hughie McIlmoyle was born in Port Glasgow, United Kingdom on 29 January 1940. He was an association football player who was a member of the United Kingdom men's national football team.
I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home is a country music single by David Frizzell from the United States. It was released in April 1982 through Warner Bros. Records.
Ed Ronan was born in Quincy, Massachusetts on March 21st 1968. He is an ice hockey player from the United States. He is a member of the men's national ice hockey team.
The Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot was designed by the architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood. It is located in Greeley, Colorado, United States. The Depot was built in 1991 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Macaulay Culkin is a musical performer, stage actor and film actor who was born in Manhattan, United States, on August 26, 1980.
Beatrice Helg was born in Geneva, Switzerland on 8 March 1956. She graduated from California College of the Arts and is a photographer. She is a woman.
The Studienstiftung, a registered association in Bonn, Germany, is a voluntary organisation which was founded in 1925.
Victor Oreskovich was born in Whitby, Ontario, Canada on August 15, 1986. He is an ice hockey player who played for the Canada men's national ice hockey team.
Ash Road is a children's book written by Ivan Southall. It was published in 1965 in Australia by Angus & Robertson.
The Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation is owned by Bethlehem Steel and was founded in 1905. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation was located in San Francisco in the United States. It was dissolved in 1997.
Penzance railway station, which is operated by the Great Western Railway, is in Penzance, Cornwall, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1852 and is named after Penzance.
The Oceania Football Confederation (founded 15 November 1966) is the international governing body for association football in Oceania. The headquarters of the Oceania Football Confederation are located in Auckland, New Zealand.
Sam Golzari was born in Hammersmith, United Kingdom on July 12, 1979. He is a film actor and a television actor.
Warsaw Courthouse Square Historic District, located in Indiana, United States, is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture.
The novel, Human, is the genre of Rafael Argullol. He graduated from the Free University of Berlin. The Catalan language is spoken by Rafael Argullol. He won the City of Barcelona Award and wrote an essay.
Carry On Jatta is a romantic comedy drama distributed by White Hill Studios. It stars Gurpreet Ghuggi, Binnu Dhillon and Rana Ranbir.
Nariyuki Masuda is a male racing cyclist from Japan. Masuda was born October 23, 1983 in Sendai.
The English language film Frantic was written by Gerard Brach and starred Harrison Ford and Marcel Bluwal. It was produced by Thom Mount.
Marc Gual is a football player from Spain. He was born in Badalona on March 13, 1996. He is a member of the men's association football team.
Fight Night is a sports game series for the PlayStation Portable and Xbox console. The games were developed by and published by Electronic Arts.
Marley Shelton, whose full name is Marley Shelton, is a female who studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. She is a human being.
Tandy Corporation is a video game publisher and trading company located in Fort Worth, Texas, United States. The company was founded in 1919.
The Jelly Roll Joys is an avant-garde jazz album by Dave Burrell, released in 1991 by Gazell.
Xue Ming is a female volleyball player from China. She was born in Beijing on 23 February 1987.
KK Partizan is a basketball team in the Basketball League of Serbia. They were founded in 1945 and are a part of JSD Partizan.
Allan Lewis was born on 31 May 1971 in Pontypridd. He plays for Cardiff City FC and is an association football player with the position of defender.
The Printer's Devil is a 1923 comedy-drama film directed by William Beaudine and starring Wesley Barry and Harry Myers.
The musical score for Thisai Maariya Paravaigal is by M.S. Viswanathan. The film is a drama genre and was produced by P.S. Veerappa. The film was released in 1979, and stars Sarath Babu.
Lucas Lezcano was born in Villa Ballester, on July 9, 1999. He is an association football player who plays for Chacarita Juniors as a forward.
The album Snakeoil was recorded by jazz performer Tim Berne. It was produced by Manfred Eicher and was released on 27 January 2012 by ECM Records.
East Los Angeles College is the occupant of Weingart Stadium in California, United States. Its official opening date was 1951 and it is used for field hockey.
Anne Smith was born in New Zealand on 27 September 1951. She is an association football player who represented New Zealand at women's level.
Mission Man Band is a reality television series from the United States, starring Rich Cronin and Jeff Timmons. Chris Kirkpatrick and Rich Cronin also star.
The United States is the origin of Bachelor's Paradise, a 1928 silent film. The film was directed by George Archainbaud and edited by Robert J. Kern.
The 2018 Taiwan Open, a WTA International tournament, is located in Taipei, Taiwan.
San Domenico is a minor basilica in Perugia, Italy. It was established on 17 January 1401 and is in the Gothic style of architecture. It was designed by Carlo Maderno.
Jamie Croft was born on August 4, 1981 in Sydney, Australia. He is an actor in the film industry.
Sunrise Earth is a nature documentary film from the United States which was created by David G. Conover. The film began in 2004.
Eberhard Weber performs the music on Fluid Rustle. The album was preceded by Silent Feet. The album was produced by Manfred Eicher and released by ECM Records in 1979.
Isidro Sanchez Macip, a Mexican football player, was born in Puebla on June 5th 1987. He is a member of the Mexico men's national football team.
The Central Park Five is a documentary film from the United States. Produced by PBS, it was originally shown in English. The Central Park Five is distributed by IFC Films.
Laura Benz was born in Kloten, Switzerland, on 25 August 1992. She is an ice hockey player who competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics for Switzerland. Laura Benz is a member of the Swiss women's national ice hockey team.
The album Film Noir was released on September 16, 1997 and was produced by Arif Mardin. It was the follow up to Clouds in My Coffee and was performed by Carly Simon. The record label of the album is Arista Records.
The science fiction comic book Otherworld Barbara, written by Moto Hagio, was published in Flowers magazine between 27 July 2002 and 28 June 2005. It is a Josei manga.
Shula Marks was born in Cape Town on October 14th 1938. She was a woman who graduated from the University of Cape Town and is a historian from South Africa.
AFL Premiership 2005 is a sports video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by Transmission Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The game was released on 22 September 2005.
Mirka Francia is a female volleyball player from Cuba. Born February 14, 1975 in Santa Clara, she plays for the country's national team.
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea is a novel written by Yukio Mishima. It was published by Kodansha on 10 September 1963.
Francesco Cosenza was born in Locri, Italy on 5 February 1986. He is an association football player who competed in the men's game.
Kim Hyok-bong is a male table tennis player from North Korea. He was born in Pyongyang on 28 October 1985 and competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Valeri Nenenko was born on 30 March 1950 in Voronezh, Soviet Union. He is a football player and manager.
Marianne Williamson is the author of A Return to Love which was published in 1992 by HarperCollins in the United States. The book is self-help.
Rosa-Maria Ryyti was born in Oulu, Finland on 13 June 1994. She is a model and beauty pageant contestant who represented Finland in the women's pageant.
Shimoga Subbanna was born on 14 December 1938 in the Kingdom of Mysore, India. He was a singer in the British Raj. He sings a man's song.
Kedleston Hall is a historic house museum in Kedleston, England, United Kingdom. Kedleston Hall, is owned by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty.
Tom Karabachian was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on 11 January 1997. He is a film actor and a TV actor.
Pansa Hemviboon was born on July 8, 1990 in Chanthaburi Province. He is a football player for the Thailand national football team. He is a member of the men's association football team.
The Barbara Jordan Career Center, named after Barbara Jordan, is a special school and high school in the Houston Independent School District in Texas, United States.
Rock'n'Roll Adventures is a platform video game developed by Data Design Interactive. It was released for Microsoft Windows on 17 September 2007 and comes from the United Kingdom.
The City Outside the World is a science fantasy book written by Lin Carter. It was published in the United States in 1977 by Berkley Books.
Kerry Burke is a member of the New Zealand Labour Party, was Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives and was the Member of Parliament for West Coast. Burke was educated at Linwood College.
Allstar Weekend is a pop music band from San Diego, California, United States. They were founded in 2007 and are signed to Hollywood Records.
Leni Robredo was born on April 23, 1964 in Naga, Camarines Sur, Philippines. She is a lawyer and politician. Leni Robredo is the first woman to be a lawyer in the Philippines.
Brooke Chaplen was born in Portsmouth, United Kingdom on 16 April 1989. She is an association football player who represented the United Kingdom at the women's level.
The Palmer Home for Children is a non-profit organization in Columbus, Mississippi, United States. The organization was founded in 1895.
The Buddy System is a 20th Century Fox distributed romantic comedy-drama film starring Susan Sarandon, Jean Stapleton and Wil Wheaton.
Metamorphabet is a puzzle/jigsaw video game from the United States that was released on April 29, 2015 for the iOS and distributed via the Humble Store.
Catharina Neelissen was born on 4 November 1961 in Haarlem. She is a rower from the Kingdom of the Netherlands. She competed in the women's eights event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Cinmeon Bowers was born in Racine, Wisconsin on May 1st 1993. He is a basketball player for the Auburn Tigers and plays for the men's national team.
Tales of the Bounty Hunters is a science fiction book written by Kevin J Anderson, published by Bantam Spectra in the United States on December 3rd 1996.
Lin Chien-hsun was born in Taiwan on 10 January 1993. He is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Taiwan Power Company FC.
Cui Jian, a singer and songwriter, was born on August 2, 1961 in Beijing, China. Cui Jian is a film director.
Federico Ricci was born in Rome, Italy on 27 May 1994. He is an association football player who plays for the Italian national team in the men's football.
The novel The Golden Hour, written by Maiya Williams, comes from the United States. It was published in 2004 and is written in English.
Joel Zayas was born in Asuncion, Paraguay on 17 September 1977. He is a football player who represented Paraguay and plays as a manager. He is a man of many talents.
A Place in Time is a documentary film from the United States that was directed by Angelina Jolie. The film has Wyclef Jean as its composer and was released in 2007.
The Carlsberg Group owns the Tuborg Brewery in Copenhagen, Denmark. The company was founded in 1873 and is in the brewing industry.
The Cheap Detective was produced by Rastar, distributed by Columbia Pictures and starred Stockard Channing and Paul Williams (songwriter). The film was originally released in English. Margaret Booth was the producer.
Born 3 July 1975 in Singapore, Ian Goodenough, is an Australian politician and accountant, who is involved in real estate development.
Al-Arafah Islami Bank Limited is a public limited company in the finance industry. The company was founded in 1995 and is located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Cricket Wireless, founded in 1999, is a company in the mobile phone industry based in San Diego, France. Their parent organization is AT&T.
Bert Haanstra is the director of photography for Trafic which originates from France. The film is in the original Dutch language and was filmed in English. It originates from Italy.
Minnesota State Highway 251 is a road in the United States that was established on July 1, 1949. It is owned by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
The Göltzsch Viaduct, designed by Johann Andreas Schubert, is a stone railway bridge located in Netzschkau. The bridge has the heritage designation of Kulturdenkmal.
Jonathan Sykes (born 9 March 1990 in Nassau, Bahamas) is an association football player from The Bahamas. He is a man.
Sara Louise Treacy, a Republic of Ireland woman, was born 22 June 1989. She competed in the sport of athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Biggest Prize in Sport is a punk rock album by 999, released in 1979. It was produced by Vic Maile and was released by Polydor Records.
Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen is a non-fiction book from Finland written by Jaana Kapari-Jatta. The book was published in 2008 by Tammi.
Washington State Route 174 is a state road in Washington state, in the United States. The state was established in 1964 and is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Ajoy Biswas was born in 2000. He was a politician from India and a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He was a member of the Tripura Legislative Assembly.
Laura Osorio, a model, was born on 28 November 1995. Laura Osorio is a member of the Osorio family and is a model for women. Laura Osorio is a human being.
Sidney Parkinson (born 6 May 1938 in Wakefield) is a male boxer who has won the British Boxing Championships.
The Department of Social Services in Australia was created in 2013 and is located in Canberra. The Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs is a subsidiary of the Department of Social Services. The Government of Australia is the parent organisation of the Department of Social Services.
Young Irelands GAA club is located in County Limerick, Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1898 and is a hurling sports club.
The drama film Locust was directed by Egor Baranov and released in 2013. It stars Paulina Andreeva and Pyotr Fyodorov.
Graham Cave is an archaeological site and National Historic Landmark in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mahdi Mohammadian was born in Tabriz on March 5th 1997. He is an association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Tractor SC.
Masato Fukae, a baseball player, was born September 5, 1987 in Sagamihara, Japan. He batted and threw right-handed and was a man.
Roberto Jaguaribe was born December 27, 1952 in Brazil. He graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro and is a politician. Mr. Jaguaribe is a diplomat.
The novel Reaper, written by Ben Mezrich, was published in 1998 in the United States by HarperCollins.
The Lincoln Saltdogs are a baseball team in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball league. They were formed in 2001 and play their home games at Haymarket Park in the United States.
Steven Griffiths, a politician, was born in Adelaide, Australia on May 25th 1962. He was a member of the South Australian House of Assembly and is a man of letters.
Touchstones Rochdale is a public library and museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, United Kingdom. The library was established in 1883 and is operated by the Rochdale Borough Council.
Toru Murata is a human being from Japan. His surname is Toru and he played as a starting pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.
Born in Australia on 19 March 1970, Napoleon Perdis is a businessman and make-up artist. He is a man.
Ampang Park LRT station is located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The station was opened on 1 June 1999 and is owned by Prasarana Malaysia. It is an underground train station.
The television show Eisenbahn-Romantik, a television documentary, originates from Germany and was first shown on 7 April 1991. It is presented by Hagen von Ortloff and is shown on SWR Fernsehen.
Tavon Young was born in Oxon Hill, Maryland on March 14, 1994. He is an American football player who played for the Temple Owls football team and the Baltimore Ravens.
Lynda Schlegel Culver was born in Sunbury, Pennsylvania in 2000. She graduated from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania and is a politician from the United States. She was a woman.
Flash and Bones is a novel written by Kathy Reichs that was published in the United States in 2011 by Charles Scribner's Sons.
Nat Borchers is a defender for the Colorado Rapids U-23. He is a member of the United States men's national soccer team and played in Major League Soccer.
Blue Star SC is an association football club in Sri Lanka, they were founded in 1978 and play their home games at the Kalutara Stadium. They compete in the Sri Lanka Champions League.
Denza, located in Shenzhen, China, is in the Automotive Industry. The company was founded in May 2010 and is owned by BYD Auto.
Last Chance Harvey is a romantic comedy film starring Patrick Baladi, James Brolin and Liane Balaban. The screenplay by Joel Hopkins.
David Lander is a male voice actor. His name is David and his spouse is Kathy Fields.
The Blue Elephant is a 2014 horror film directed by Marwan Hamed, written by Ahmed Mourad and starring Karim Abdel Aziz.
An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer is a live album by Tom Lehrer, released in 1959. The album is a satire, following the songs by Tom Lehrer. It was recorded on Reprise Records.
Aaron McIntosh, a windsurfer and sailor, was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 7 January 1972.
Born in Maracaibo on 15 December 1951, Nick Pocock, is a male cricketer from the United Kingdom.
Katherine L. Adams (born Katherine) is the surname of a woman who graduated from Brown University and went on to graduate from the University of Chicago Law School. Katherine L. Adams is employed by Columbia Law School.
The UEFA Euro 1980 Final was an association football match which took place in Rome, Germany and Belgium.
Walter Viitala, a football player from Finland, was born in Helsinki, on 9 January 1992. He was part of the Danish Superliga in 2017-18 and is a man of letters.
Yangon United Football Club is an association football club in Yangon, Myanmar. The club was founded in 2009 and is owned by Tay Za.
The screenplay of Hiroshima was written by John Hopkins and the movie genre is Docudrama. The film stars James Bradford and Wesley Addy. It is a Japanese language movie and also stars Serge Christiaenssens.
Trenna Keating was born in Weyburn, Canada. She graduated from the University of Regina and is an actor. She lives in Toronto and is a woman.
The Xiapu railway station is located in Xiapu County, China. The station was opened on 28 September 2009, is operated by the China Railway Nanchang Group, and is a train station on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou railway line.
The film Nice Package is a comedy film which was released in 2013 and starred Dwayne Cameron. The film is directed by Dan Macarthur and written by Melanie Poole.
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle is a fantasy television series from the United States. The series was aired on the CBS network and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. Robert Ridgely stars in the series.
Paul H. Kocher was educated at Stanford University and Columbia University. He is a Guggenheim Fellow. His given name is Paul H. Kocher.
A Town Called Panic is a comedy film written by Vincent Patar. It was released on 17 September 2009 and was released on 28 October 2009. French Cowboy are the performers of the film. French Cowboy performed the song "A Town Called Panic" in 2009.
Nazz III is a Psychedelic rock album by the band Nazz, released in May 1971 by Colgems Records. The album was preceded by Nazz Nazz.
Alberto Louzeiro, born November 22, 1982, in Santiago do Cacém, Portugal, is an association football player, who played for the men's national team.
Rommell Ibarra is a football player from Venezuela and a male athlete. He was born in Caracas, Venezuela on March 24, 2000.
The Prince of Wales Theatre is a theatre in the City of Westminster in the United Kingdom. Its architect was Charles J. Phipps and it is owned by Delfont Mackintosh Theatres. The theatre is a Grade II listed building.
Diego Cristin was born in Argentina on 5 April 1981. He is a male tennis player who plays human.
The 1938 PGA Championship, a golf championship, was won by Paul Runyan. The championship was held at The Shawnee Inn & Golf Resort in the United States.
Matty Young was born in Leeds, United Kingdom on October 25, 1985. He is a retired association football player who played for Leeds United and represented the United Kingdom at the men's international level.
The Old Man and the Bureaucrats is a novella from France written by Mircea Eliade. It was published in 1968.
The novel The Lion was written by Joseph Kessel. It was published in France in 1958 by Gallimard Jeunesse.
Patrick Sussek was born in Ingolstadt in 2000. He is a football player for FC Ingolstadt 04 where he plays as a midfielder. Patrick Sussek's nationality is male.
The Olms, an indie pop band, were formed in California, United States, in 2011. Pete Yorn is one of the band's members.
The Sprengel Museum in Hanover, Germany was designed by architect Peter Trint and opened in 1979.
Going My Way won the Academy Award for Best Picture, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
The English film Save the Lady, directed by Leon Thau and produced by Barry Pierce, was released in 1982. It stars Bill Kerr.
The skyscraper, 461 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, United States, designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, is owned by SL Green Realty. It was completed in 1989.
Born on 26 April 1937 in Recife, Brazil, Manga was a football player who was part of the 1966 FIFA World Cup. Manga is a man.
Rock Manager is a business simulation video game published by DreamCatcher Interactive. It was released on June 30, 2002 for Microsoft Windows and is available on DVD.
Higashi-Tokorozawa Station is located in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan. The station was opened in 1973 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company. The station is on the Musashino Line.
Poured Lines is a painting by Ian Davenport, created in 2006. It is located on Southwark Street, in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Asuman Karakoyun was born on 16 July 1990 in Istanbul, Turkey. She is a female volleyball player.
McClatchy owns the Centre Daily Times, a newspaper in State College, Pennsylvania, United States. The newspaper was founded in 1898.
Kersten Artus was born in Bremen, Germany in 1964. She is a journalist and politician. She is a woman.
Flock is a puzzle video game published by Capcom and coming from the United Kingdom. It was released on April 7, 2009 for Microsoft Windows.
Matsudo-Shinden Station is a train station in Matsudo, Japan. It was opened on April 21, 1955 and is operated by the Shin-Keisei Electric Railway. It is connected to the Shin-Keisei Line.
Stephen Youll was born in Hartlepool, UK on 8 June 1965. He graduated from University of Sunderland and is an artist. He is a male artist.
Nicholas M. Eberstadt, who worked for the American Enterprise Institute, was born in New York City on December 20, 1955. He is an American economist.
Zuidveen is a village in Steenwijkerland in the Netherlands. The language spoken is Stellingwarfs dialect and the local language is Dutch.
Anastasia Bezrukova was born in Moscow, Russia, on 5 January 2004. She is a fashion model and actor.
The animated film Secret of the Wings, produced by John Lasseter, was directed by Peggy Holmes. It was released on October 26, 2012 and on November 15, 2012. It passed the Bechdel test.
Southwestern Illinois College is a community college in Belleville, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1946.
Guy Malherbe was born in Montpellier, France on 9 April 1946. He is a politician and was awarded the Knight of the Legion of Honour.
Georgian singer George Andguladze was born in Tbilisi, Georgia on August 6, 1984. He is a man.
Brian Muller was born in Eltham, New Zealand on 11 June 1942. He was a rugby union player who represented New Zealand at the men's rugby union.
Delaware Route 273 is a state road in New Castle County, Delaware, in the United States. It was established in 1936 and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
La Symphonie fantastique was produced by Continental Films in France. It stars Julien Bertheau, Lise Delamare and Armand Thirard as director of photography.
FC Maritsa Plovdiv is an association football club located in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. They were founded on September 21st 1921 and play in the Third Amateur Football League.
Affiliated Managers Group, a publicly traded company in the financial services industry, was established in 1980 and is located in Beverly, Massachusetts.
The FC Barcelona Museum in Barcelona, Spain is owned by FC Barcelona. The museum was inaugurated on September 24, 1984.
A Woman as a Friend is from Italy and was produced by Fandango. It is distributed by Warner Bros. and stars Monica Scattini and Antonia Liskova. The original language of the film is Italian.
The Kestrel, a liquid-propellant rocket, originates from the US. The engine was designed by Tom Mueller and is made by SpaceX. Kestrel USA is another name for the engine.
Guarani FC is an association football club in Campinas, Brazil. The club was founded on April 2, 1911 and plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B league.
Hemingway Adventure is a book written by Michael Palin, a novelist from the United Kingdom. The book is a travel literature and was published in 1999.
Watson Chapel High School is located in the Watson Chapel School District, in the city of Arkansas, United States. The school was established in 1890 and is the oldest high school in North America.
Lieutenant General Yevgeny Miller was a commander of the 7th Belorusky Hussar Regiment and was educated at the Nikolaevskaya Cavalry school. Yevgeny Miller was an allegiant to the Russian Empire and was awarded the Order of Saint Stanislaus, 2nd class.
Erica Risseeuw was born on July 11th 1990 in Calgary. She represented Canada at the Figure Skating competitions and was a female figure skater.
Len Haley was born in September 15th, 1931 in Edmonton, Canada. He was an ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament.
Rough Ride is an autobiography book written by Paul Kimmage. The book is a road bicycle racing book and was published in 1998.
Francinne, a female singer from Brazil, was born in Porto Alegre in 1991.
Power of Inner Strength is the Groove metal album from Grip Inc. It was released in January 1995 on the record label SPV GmbH and was produced by Waldemar Sorychta.
Dodsal Group is a conglomerate company in the distribution industry. It is owned by Rajen A Kilachand and has its headquarters in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The company was founded in 1948.
The Literature Express is a novel written by Lasha Bugadze in Georgian. It was published in 2009.
Israel Rosh (born 5 March 1988 in Ashdod) is an association football player who represented Israel in the men's football.
The Mkhitar Gosh Medal was awarded to Karine Kazinian, who was born in Armenia, is a human being, who was educated at Yerevan State University. Karine Kazinian is a woman.
The pop rock band John Waite is the performer of Mask of Smiles, which was released in 1985. The album was released by EMI Records and was the follow up to No Brakes.
The Naujoji Vilnia railway station in Vilnius, Lithuania is owned by the Lithuanian Railways. The station was opened in 1860 and is adjacent to the Pavilnys train station.
Atkins High School is located in the Atkins School District in Pope County, Arkansas, United States. The school was founded in 1893 and is considered a high school in North America.
Matheus Cavichioli was born in Caçador, Brazil, on 27 July 1986. He is an association football player and he is a male footballer.
The musical film The Only Girl, starring Lilian Harvey, was released in 1933. It was directed by Friedrich Hollaender and has a musical score by Franz Waxman.
Laud Quartey was born in Ghana on 11 March 1984. He is an association football player who plays for the Ghana men's national football team.
The Arizona Department of Transportation is the owner of State Route 277 which was established in 1962. The road is located in Arizona, United States.
Erik Thorell was born in Karlstad, Sweden, on 3 March 1992. He is an ice hockey player who played for Sweden in the men's ice hockey.
James Driscoll was born in Boston on October 9, 1977. Mr. Driscoll is a golfer from the United States. Mr. Driscoll is a man of golfing.
Kyenjojo District, which is the capital of Kyenjojo District, is located in the Western Region of Uganda.
TELE Liban is a state broadcasting organization in Lebanon. It was founded on 28 May 1959 in Beirut. It is a television industry.
Phil Bardsley was born in Salford, England on 28 June 1985. He is an association football player and a man of the United Kingdom.
Mark Lebedew was born in Adelaide, Australia, on May 6, 1967. He was a male volleyball player.
The Cooler originates from the United States and is written in English. The main subject of the film is Gambling. The Cooler was filmed in Las Vegas Valley and stars Timothy Landfield and Alec Baldwin.
The Abbey Road Sessions is a compilation album by Kylie Minogue, a solo artist signed to Parlophone. The album is orchestral pop and was released on 24 October 2012.
Patrick Pinney was born in Los Angeles, USA on 30 June 1952. He is a voice actor and has performed in the film The Man from U.S.A.
Chipo Mugeri was born in Zimbabwe on 2 March 1992. She is a cricketer who plays for the Zimbabwe women's cricket team.
Coming Sane is a comedy film from Australia, released in 1987. The film was directed by Michael Robertson and starred John Waters.
Alessandro Bonsanti is a member of the Italian Republican Party and was Mayor of Florence. Alessandro Bonsanti is a man from the Kingdom of Italy.
Rupert and the Frog Song is an animated short film that was produced by Paul McCartney. It was released on May 3rd 1984. It was written in English and directed by Geoff Dunbar. The film was distributed by MPL Communications.
The Up Tour, a concert tour by Shania Twain, began on 25 September 2003 and ended on 10 July 2004. The tour was a sequel to the Come On Over Tour and was followed by Shania: Still the One.
Jalouse is a comedy film directed by David Foenkinos and starring Stéphane Foenkinos and Thibault de Montalembert.
That'll Be the Day is a rockabilly album by Buddy Holly. The album was released in April 1958 and was produced by Owen Bradley. Decca Records was the recording label of the album.
Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India is a biography book written in English and published in 2003. The book is from India. The main subject of the book is Swami Vivekananda.
The Last Straw is a 1920 silent film from the U.S. directed by Denison Clift and starring Buck Jones.
Sakudaira Station, Saku, Nagano, Japan, is operated by East Japan Railway Company. The station was opened in 1997 and is a train station on the Hokuriku Shinkansen line.
Lewis Baines was born in Brighton on 10 October 1998. He is an association football player who plays as a defender for Fleetwood Town FC.
The World of Don Camillo is a comedy film directed by Terence Hill. Franco Diogene and Andy Luotto star in the film. It was written by Giovannino Guareschi.
William W. Hallo is a man who graduated from the University of Chicago. He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. Hallo was an academic at Yale University.
Ester Workel was born on 18 March 1975 in Enschede, Kingdom of the Netherlands. She was a rower and competed in the women's eight at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Phylogenesis is a science fiction novel by Alan Dean Foster, published in 1999. The book was written in the United States and published by Del Rey Books.
The 1968 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place in the United Kingdom. It was part of the Championships, Wimbledon and began on 24 June 1968.
The Muscular Dystrophy Association is a nonprofit organization that was founded in 1950 in Chicago, United States. Its main subject is muscular dystrophy.
Lynn Anderson was the performer of the country pop album What a Man My Man Is. The album was recorded in 1974 and was produced by Glenn Sutton. It was released on Columbia Records.
Kotohira Station is a train station in Kotohira, Kagawa, Japan. The station was opened on 23 May 1889 and is operated by Shikoku Railway Company. It is connected to the Dosan Line.
Paulo Pedroso, born in Aveiro, Portugal on 28 April 1965, is a politician, member of the Assembly of the Republic, and a man of letters.
August Makalakalane is a human being who played association football for FC Baden as a midfielder.
William Fry is the surname of the politician William Fry. He was born in Australia, attended the University of Melbourne and was awarded the Knight Bachelor. William Fry is a man.
Nicky Deuce is from the United States, produced by Nickelodeon Movies. Steve Schirripa and Tony Sirico are both cast members. Nicky Deuce was distributed by Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment and originates from Canada.
Nathan Watkins was born on April 26, 1977 in the United States. He is a former association football player who played for Charlotte Eagles and is a member of the US men's national football team.
Mariano Trujillo was born in Mexico City in 1977. He is a football player in the Association football league for the Mexican national team. He is a man.
Patti Clare was born in Manchester, United Kingdom, on September 21, 1958. She is an actor and human being.
The comedy film, Today's Special, written by Aasif Mandvi, stars Ajay Naidu, Madhur Jaffrey and Naseeruddin Shah. The original language of the film is English.
Waygara railway station is an abandoned railway station on the Gippsland railway line in Victoria, Australia. It was opened in 1916.
Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation is the operator of the train station Dalseong Park, which is connected to the Daegu Metro Line 3 in South Korea. The station was opened on 23 April 2015 and is operated by the Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation.
The song, Night Train, performed by country music singer Jason Aldean, was released on June 24, 2013.
Taeli Ramashalane is a football player from Lesotho who was born in 1980. He plays association football for his country and is a member of the men's national football team.
Mary Tyler Moore, also known as Mary, is a voice actress and actor. Mary Tyler Moore won the Special Tony Award, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won the Tony Award.
Taylor Symmank was born on October 2, 1992 in McKinney, Texas. He is a professional American football player who plays as a punter for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team.
Spell - Dolce mattatoio is a drama from Italy. It was written by Alberto Cavallone and stars Paola Montenero and Josiane Tanzilli.
Peter Darke was born on 21 December 1953 in Exeter, United Kingdom. He is a former association football player and has represented the country in men's football.
Tobias Lutke founded the company Shopify in 2012 in Ottawa, Canada. The company offers software applications.
Jay Watson is an Australian singer, guitarist and songwriter. He was born in Australia on 27 May 1990.
Giorgio Spizzichino was born in Rome on 10 August 1999. He is an association football player who plays as a Defender for S.S. Lazio.
Edison Caicedo was born in Esmeraldas, Ecuador on March 13, 1990. He is an association football player who plays for the Ecuador men's national football team.
Oregon Route 131 is a state highway in the United States that was established on September 19, 2002. It is owned by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
Bertrand Blanc was born in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, France on October 29, 1973. He is a ski mountaineer and competes in the sport of ski mountaineering. He is a man.
Stephen Boyd was born in Valley Stream, New York, United States on August 22, 1972. He is an American football player who is a member of the American Football League. Stephen Boyd is a man.
Rick Leonard was born in Middletown, Maryland on November 22, 1996. He is an American football player who played for the Los Angeles Rams and is a member of the Los Angeles Rams men's football team.
Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings, a business in Hong Kong, was founded in 1991. The company is owned by Pou Chen Corporation. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange is the location for Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings.
The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a novel by Paul Howard, published by Penguin Books in October 2012. It is part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
The Arcadian is a science fiction film from the United States. It was written and directed by Dekker Dreyer and stars J. Larose.
Alwin der Letzte is a German comedy film directed by Hubert Hoelzke. It was released on 23 September 1960 and has a musical score by Hans Hendrik Wehding.
Aditi Avasthi was born on 10 December 1981 in Ludhiana. She graduated from the University of Chicago and was awarded the BBC award for 100 Women. She is a human being.
Lidya Tchakerian was born in Beirut in 1959. She is a painter and was educated at the Lebanese Academy of Fine Arts. She is a member of the Lebanese Artists Association and is the only woman in the country.
Vatican Media, founded in 1983, is a specialty channel owned by the Roman Curia. The headquarters of the company are located in Vatican City.
The Carneal House is located in Covington, Kentucky, United States. It is a Georgian style house and part of the Riverside Drive Historic District. It was designated as a Contributing Property.
Two California Plaza, a skyscraper in Los Angeles, California, U.S., was designed by Arthur Erickson and constructed in 1992. It is owned by the Los Angeles Downtown News.
Lanre Kehinde was born on May 7, 1994 in Lagos, Nigeria. He is a male association football player.
Lacina Traore was born in Abidjan, Ivory Coast on 20 May 1990. He is a football player who plays for the Ivory Coast men's national football team.
Hugh Cassidy is a male powerlifter who was born in San Francisco, United States, on December 31, 1935.
Hell to Pay is a drama film from the United States. It was released in 2014 and stars Charles Santore. The film was directed by Jay Jennings.
Saigon Electric is a Vietnamese language film directed by Stephane Gauger and starring Elly Tran Ha. It was released on March 12, 2011.
Gunnar Martinsson is a football player from Sweden who plays for Malmö FF as a midfielder. He is a man of association football.
Jason Christiansen, a US national, was born in Omaha, Nebraska on September 21, 1969. Jason Christiansen played baseball for the US men's national baseball team.
Walter Riggs, born Walter, played American football for Auburn University and Auburn Tigers. Walter Riggs was a member of the Auburn Tigers men's football team.
Southern Garrett High School is located in Maryland, United States. It was established in 1952. It is a state high school in North America. The school is part of the Garrett County Public Schools district.
The Forge is a genre art painting created by Francisco Goya in 1819. The Forge ( Goya ) is made of canvas and is in the Frick Collection.
The Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company owns the Delacroix metro station in Anderlecht, Belgium. The station was opened in 2006. It is elevated.
Art Deco, a style of visual arts, was created in 1910 in France. It is influenced by Futurism. The style is named after the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts.
The Allen Steinheim Museum is located in Alfred (Village), New York, in the United States. The museum is part of Alfred University and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
My Dog Shep was written by Ford Beebe in the United States. The film is a drama genre and starred Al St. John and Harry Holman. The original language of the film is English.
Ibrahima Sory Souare was born on July 14, 1982 in Conakry, Guinea. He is an association football player and plays for Guinea men's national football team.
Egaleo FC is an association football club in the Gamma Ethniki league. The club was founded in 1931 and has its headquarters in Aigaleo, Greece.
Born in Holland, Michigan on June 19, 1966, Brian Vander Ark is a singer-songwriter and guitarist from the United States.
Suparna Airlines is a Chinese airline headquartered in Shanghai, China. Its parent organization is Hainan Airlines. The airline's hub is at Shanghai Pudong International Airport. It was founded on January 15, 2003.
Ryusuke Senoo, a football player from Japan, was born in Okayama on February 20th 1986. He was a member of the men's association football team.
Alex Cole is the name of a person who played center fielder for the Cleveland Indians and Minnesota Twins. Alex Cole is originally from the United States.
Jamie Lowry is a human being. He is a midfielder who plays for Truro City FC and Chesterfield FC.
Aaron Blair was born in Las Vegas Valley on May 26, 1992. He is a pitcher who played for the Atlanta Braves and also played American football.
Trina Robbins is the name of the artist and wife of Steve Leialoha. Trina Robbins was awarded the Inkpot Award and is known for being a female artist.
Xu Jingzong, a man, was the Chancellor of the Tang dynasty and was born in the Tang dynasty. His father was Xu Shanxin and his son was Xu Ang.
Rachel Mazuir was born in Bourg-en-Bresse, France on 12 February 1940. He is a politician, a member of the Senate of France and a man.
Tanya Hope was born in 1996 in Bangalore, India. She is a model and actor and is a woman.
CD Mirandés is an association football club from Spain. The club was founded in 1927 and is based in Miranda de Ebro. CD Mirandés play in the Segunda División league.
Ivan Fedko, whose real name is Ivan, was a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union. He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, the rank of Komandarm 1st rank and was also awarded the Order of the Red Banner.
Ralitsa Vassileva was born in Sofia, Bulgaria in 1965. Ralitsa Vassileva studied at Sofia University. She is a journalist and a member of the Bulgarian women's team.
The Book of Salt is a novel written by Monique Truong and published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in 2003, in the United States.
Over the Top is the title of the album by the band Mentors, which is from the United States. The album is a heavy metal music genre and was produced by Jack Endino. The album was released in 2005.
Donalio Melachio Douanla was born in Cameroon on 24 September 1997. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder. Mr. Douanla is a man of many talents.
RalliSport Challenge 2 is a racing video game for the Xbox console. It was developed by EA DICE and published by Xbox Game Studios on May 4, 2004.
The screenwriter of Quantez is Robert Wright Campbell. The film is a Western with James Barton and Fred Macmurray as stars. The film was produced by Gordon Kay and stars Sydney Chaplin.
Farm to Market Road 149 is located in Texas, United States. The Texas Department of Transportation owns the road, which was established in 1945.
Lauren Shera was born in 1985 in the United States. She is a singer-songwriter, whose genre is female.
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is a comedy film that was produced by Film4 Productions, distributed by Paramount Pictures and starring Katherine Parkinson and Forbes KB. Stephen Woolley produced the film.
Grown Ups was produced by Happy Madison Productions in the United States. The film's English language was used in the production. Colin Quinn and China Anne McClain are both cast in the film. The film is distributed by InterCom.
The Crystal World is a science fiction novel by JG Ballard. It was published in 1966 by Jonathan Cape. It won the Seiun Award for Best Translated Novel.
Devil Dogs of the Air, a comedy-drama, was produced by Hal B Wallis, distributed by Warner Bros. The film stars Russell Hicks and Frank McHugh.
Little Red Wagon is a country rock single from Miranda Lambert, released on January 12, 2015 by RCA Records Nashville. The song is included on the platinum album.
Kirkby Stephen railway station, operated by Northern, is located in Kirkby Stephen, United Kingdom. The station was opened in 1986.
Raasi was born in Andhra Pradesh, India on 29 July 1980. She is a female actor and human being.
State Route 374 is a road in the state of Tennessee, United States. The Tennessee Department of Transportation is the owner of the road. The route forms part of the Tennessee State Route system.
Johanna Acs was born 29 May 1992 in Eschweiler. She was a human and a beauty pageant contestant.
Padang Rengas railway station, owned by Keretapi Tanah Melayu, is located in Padang Rengas, Malaysia. The station is on the KTM West Coast railway line and is adjacent to the Kuala Kangsar railway station.
Primark, founded in 1969, is a chain store with headquarters in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The company is owned by Associated British Foods.
The Fox Broadcasting Company is the original network of Futurama which was created by Matt Groening. Ken Keeler is the executive producer of Futurama. Phil Hendrie provides the voice for Futurama.
The Sanskrit book Garga Hora originates from India. It is written by Rishi and Garga. The book is about Astrology.
Joe Robert Pemagbi was born in Bo, Sierra Leone on November 22, 1945. He is a politician and diplomat from Sierra Leone. Joe Robert Pemagbi is a man of letters.
Stanley Ho was born in British Hong Kong on November 25, 1921. He was a politician, entrepreneur and man of China.
Johnny Morrissey was born in Liverpool, UK on 18 April 1940. He was an association football player who played for Liverpool men's football club.
T.C. Resmi Gazete (Turkish: T.C. Resmi Gazete), a Turkish language daily newspaper, is from Turkey. Its publication was started on 7 October 1920. It is a weekly newspaper published by the Prime Minister of Turkey.
Three Days Grace is an alternative rock band from Norwood, Canada. They were formed in 1992 and have Adam Gontier as a member.
Juana Matias was born in the Dominican Republic and attended the University of Massachusetts Boston. A lawyer, Juana Matias is a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is a politician. Juana Matias is a woman.
Higashi-Nagahara Station, which was opened on 20 December 1940, is a train station on the Ban'etsu West Line in Aizuwakamatsu, Japan. The operator of the station is East Japan Railway Company.
The SoftBank Group, founded on September 3, 1981, is a company located in Minato, Tokyo, Japan, owned by Masayoshi Son.
Francisco Michea was born in Chile on 24 December 1978. He is an association football player and manager of the Chile men's national football team.
Saleh Allahyar was born in November 26th, 1980 in Qatar. He is an association football player from the country and plays for the men's national football team.
Azlan Ismail was born in Tumpat District, Malaysia, on October 3, 1984. He is an association football player and he is a man.
Evgeniya Karimova (born June 12, 1989 in Uzbekistan) is a female taekwondo athlete who competed at the 2010 Asian Games.
Doncaster Knights, a rugby union team in the Premiership Rugby League, were founded in 1875. They are based in the United Kingdom.
Carl de Vogt stars in Halbblut which originates in Germany. It is a silent film that was written by Fritz Lang and produced by Erich Pommer. The original language of the film is German.
Malin Ek was born in Malmö, Sweden on 18 April 1945. She is a female actor.
Born on September 20, 1959, in the United States, Ken McCarthy, a human being, graduated from Princeton University. He is a man.
Cowden railway station is in Cowden, United Kingdom. It is operated by the Southern (Govia Thameslink Railway) and opened on 1 October 1888. The station is a train station.
Andrei Muntean was born on 30 January 1993 in Sibiu, Romania. He was a male artistic gymnast who competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Preston Brown, a wide receiver, was a member of the Cleveland Browns and the New England Patriots. He was also a student at Vanderbilt University.
Walk Right Now is a rhythm and blues single by the Jackson 5, released on June 15th 1981. It is part of Triumph album. The Jackson 5 are signed to Epic Records.
Winder Mendoza was born in Altagracia Parish on December 9, 1984. He is an association football player, whose sport is Human.
Karim Boudjema was born in Lyon, France, on 8 September 1988. He is an association football player and plays for the French national side. He is a man.
Cathal Carolan is a Gaelic football player from Castlebar, County Mayo. He plays for the Mayo Senior Football Team and his club is Mayo. Cathal Carolan is a man of the people.
Maxime Annys was born in Ostend, Belgium on July 24, 1986. He is a male association football player.
English is the language of Studia Celtica which is a Periodical Literature. It was published in 1966 in Cardiff by the University of Wales Press, and the main subject is the history of Celtic people.
Karl Amundsen was born on 10 November 1873 in Norway. He was a politician from the Labour Party and a member of the Parliament of Norway. He was a man of letters.
The Departure is a documentary film from the United States, directed by Lana Wilson. The film's musical score was by Nathan Michel and the film was released in April 2017.
Jean Genchi was born in London on September 25th, 1956. She is a United Kingdom rower who competed in the women's coxed four event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Parker is a politician from Nova Scotia, Canada. Born in 1951, he was born in Durham, Nova Scotia. He graduated from Acadia University with an M.A.
Tanbridge House School is a community school established in 1976 in Horsham, West Sussex, England, United Kingdom. The school is a secondary school.
The comedy-drama Garbo Talks was produced by United Artists and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It stars Ron Silver and Hermione Gingold.
Mio Yamanaka, a rugby sevens player for Japan, was born on October 27, 1995. Mio Yamanaka is a human being and a female rugby sevens player.
Albert Bonass, born in the United Kingdom, played for Chesterfield FC, York City FC and represented the United Kingdom at the men's association football.
Oscar Jofre is a computer scientist who was born in Santiago, Chile on October 20th 1965. Oscar Jofre is a man.
Still Open All Hours was written by Roy Clarke and produced by Gareth Edwards. The original language of the film is English. The cast includes David Jason, Johnny Vegas and Sally Lindsay.
Pietro Ameglio was born in Uruguay in 1958. He is a writer from Uruguay who is a national of Mexico. He was a man from Uruguay.
Zach Sill is a human being. His given name is Zach, he played centre for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League.
Manuela Bruntraeger was born in 1993 in Singapore. She is a model and is a female.
The Fantome Brewery, a business in the brewing industry, was founded in 1988 in Soy, Belgium.
Florin Achim was born in Baia Mare, Romania on 16 June 1991. He is a football player for the Romania men's national football team.
Sea Hunt is a United States based television series that was created by Ivan Tors. The series was broadcast in broadcast syndication and stars Lloyd Bridges. The series began in 1958.
Melbourne Grammar School, Victoria, Australia, was founded in 1849. The school is located in Victoria, Australia and is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Grant Van De Casteele was born in Plano, Texas, U.S. on 10 May 1991. He is an association football player and a member of the men's national football team.
Motoharu Fukuchi (born June 21, 1990 in Nago) is a Japanese baseball player who is a pitcher for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Randy Exelby was born in Toronto, Canada on August 13, 1965. He is an ice hockey player who competed in the men's tournament.
E.J. Bibbs was born in Chicago on August 28, 1991. He is an American football player who plays tight end for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Anuar Tuhami was born in Ceuta in Spain on January 15, 1995. He is a football player from Morocco, where he is a member of the men's national football team.
Charlie Telfer was born 4 July 1995 in Carluke, United Kingdom. He is an association football player who plays for the United Kingdom men's national football team.
The film A Tremendously Rich Man was released on 13 February 1932. It was directed by Steve Sekely and starred Eduard Rothauser and Hermann Picha. The music for the film was composed by Max Colpet.
Wayne Hockley was born in Paignton, United Kingdom on 6 September 1978. He is an association football player who has represented the United Kingdom at the men's international level.
The Winter Park station, which is located in Winter Park, Florida in the United States, was opened in 1882 and was constructed in 1890. It is a surface station, which is used as a train station.
The English language film Android, directed by Tim Suhrstedt, was produced by New World Pictures. Its main character is the android robot and the film was edited by Andy Horvitch.
Koji Aoyama, a baseball player from Japan, was born on August 12th, 1983 in Hakodate. Aoyama was a member of the Japan men's national baseball team.
Leston Paul was born in Mayaro, Trinidad on March 11, 1990. He is a football player for Trinidad and Tobago and was part of the men's team that won the 2019 Copa América.
Denise Woollard was born in 1940 in Canada. She is a politician from Alberta, and a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. She was the first woman to be a member of the legislature.
Matthew Mulligan was born in Bangor, Maine, United States on January 18, 1985. He is an American football player who played for the US men's national football team.
The English language Dynamis journal was established in 1981 and is published by the University of Granada. The journal is a history journal that covers the history of medicine. The journal is from Spain.
Susan R. Bolton was born in Philadelphia, United States on September 1st, 1951. She is a lawyer and judge and is the first woman to serve on a US court.
Born in Spartanburg, South Carolina on September 12, 1935, Donald Fowler, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, graduated from the University of Kentucky and became a man.
Chris Cichocki, whose professional ice hockey career was as a winger, is a member of the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League. Chris Cichocki, who has the family name Chris, also plays in the National Hockey League for the New Jersey Devils.
The Blanket of the Dark is a novel written by John Buchan, published in 1931 by Hodder & Stoughton. It originates from England.
The Goddess is a 1958 film directed by John Cromwell and starring Steven Hill and Joan Copeland. The music for the film was composed by Virgil Thomson.
Top Gear GT Championship is a racing video game which was published by Kemco in Japan. It was released on March 21, 2001 for the Game Boy Advance.
The book Mutant, a science fiction collection by Lewis Padgett, was published in the United States in 1953 by Gnome Press.
Alex Lynn was born in London, United Kingdom, on 17 September 1993. He is a male racing driver who competed in the Formula E.
The company Automobili Pininfarina is owned by Mahindra Group and is located in Munich, Germany. The company was founded in 2018. It uses the Pininfarina trademark.
Julian Marshall is a male tennis player from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Julian Marshall is a human.
The Whites Bridge is a covered bridge in Michigan, United States. It is made of brown truss and was opened in 1869. It crosses the Flat River.
Olaf Kolzig is a human being who plays ice hockey as a goaltender. He was drafted by the Washington Capitals and he currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Clark T. Randt Jr was born in 1945, in Connecticut, United States. He graduated from Harvard Law School and is a diplomat. Mr. Randt is a man of letters.
Let Me Live in Your Life is the Soul music album by Ben E. King. It was released in 1978. It was produced by Lamont Dozier and was released by Atlantic Records.
Cindy McLeish, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division), was a Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. She is married to Jeff Moss, a cricketer.
The Devil is a drama film from the United States. It was released in 1921 and was directed by James Young. Edmund Goulding wrote the screenplay.
Jim Bonar was born in England in 1866. He represented the United Kingdom at association football. He was a football player who was a man of the match.
Robbie Williams, a pop rock performer, is the performer of the single It's Only Us. The single was released on November 8, 1999 and was produced by Guy Chambers. The single was released under Chrysalis Records.
Antonio Carbognani was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 5 November 1953. He was a football player and currently is the manager of the men's football team.
Feminine Intuition is a science fiction short story written by Isaac Asimov. It was published in The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories in October 1969.
Friedrich Eisenbrand (born July 3, 1971 in Quierschied, Germany) is a mathematician and computer scientist who works at Paderborn University.
Dave Pichette is the name of the defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for both the New York Rangers and the St. Louis Blues.
Teresa Perozzi was born in 1973 in New Hampshire. She is a female boxer who represented Bermuda in boxing.
Carlos Matheu was born in Quilmes, Argentina, on May 13, 1985. He is an association football player who played for the Argentina men's national football team.
Mikhail Postnikov studied with Lev Pontryagin, and his doctoral advisor was Lev Pontryagin. His main field of research is differential topology, and he is a human being who speaks Russian.
A River Runs Through It is a novel from the United States written by Norman Maclean. The novel is an autobiography. It was published in May 1976.
The 1993 San Marino Open was a women's tennis tournament held in San Marino.
Thomas Oldham studied at Trinity College Dublin, was awarded the Royal Medal by the Royal Society. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society and a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He is an expert in human anatomy.
Maria Lazarou was born in Serres on 30 September 1972 and is a football player from Greece. She played for the women's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zbigniew Pakleza was born in Gliwice, Poland on 5 December 1986. He is a chess player who competes in the men's tournament.
Rudresh Vaghela was born on 2 November 1993 in India. He is a cricketer for India. He is a man of human nature.
Arja Alho was born on March 21, 1954 in Finland. She is a politician from Helsinki. She was educated at the University of Helsinki and was a member of the women's suffrage movement.
Artur Kartashyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia on 8 January 1997. He is an association football player and he plays for the Armenia men's national football team.
Dikava is a human settlement in Surdulica, Serbia.
Helen Oxenbury won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize in 1989 and 1994.
Masaaki Sakai is a character in the Japanese language TV series Monkey which is based on the novel Journey to the West.
The Prime Minister of Kuwait was established on 11 November 1962 and is the title of this list.
The film Devil's Gate, from the United Kingdom, was edited by Chris Joyce and the cinematographer was Malcom McLean.
The Shannopin Coal Co. is located in the United States and it produces coal.
Zhao Yong ( painter ) was a member of the House of Zhao and the father of Zhao Shuduan and Zhao Feng.
Abigail Morris, who was the chief executive officer of Soho Theatre, began her career in 1992 and ended her career in 2005.
House of Cards (British TV series) is based on the novel House of Cards by Michael Dobbs.
The Victorian Railways iced vans, which are a type of train, were made at Newport Workshops.
The English language operetta Marinka was first performed on 18 July 1945.
Air Dolomiti is a joint-stock company and its parent organization is Lufthansa. The airline is a member of the Star Alliance.
Hollister Municipal Airport is adjacent to the Naval Auxiliary Air Station Hollister, located in the United States.
William Cleaver Wilkinson was a student at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School, which began in 1872 and ended in 1881.
The Tornabuoni Chapel was created by Domenico Ghirlandaio, who was a workshop member of Domenico Ghirlandaio. The fresco cycle can be found in the Chapel.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Markov played for FC Novokuznetsk, he started his career in 2003 and retired in 2004.
Wojciech Rudy played for the Poland national football team between 1977 and 1980.
Dconf is free software that uses the C programming language and is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
John Bosler was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, which started on 22 August 1953. He finished his career on 22 August 1953.
Malyi Kuchuriv is a village in Zastavna Raion, Ukraine.
Patrekur is a basketball team from Iceland.
Ron Wyden graduated from the University of Oregon School of Law in 1974 with a Juris Doctor.
Milton Batista Vieira Junior, who began his career in 2011 with Sport Club Internacional, played for the club until 2013.
Gilmar Silva played for Oeste Futebol Clube who began his career in 2013.
Richard Burton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, for Anne of the Thousand Days. Burton was nominated at the 42nd Academy Awards.
Gozdowo is a village in Poland, located in the Masovian Voivodeship, Gmina Gozdowo.
Jacques Cartier State Park is a New York State Park in the United States.
Mohammadpur Upazila is located in Magura District, Bangladesh.
Tral is a human settlement in Pulwama district, India.
Milanow, Lublin Voivodeship is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Milanow.
Aretha Live at Fillmore West was recorded at Fillmore West, which began on March 5th 1971 and ended on March 7th 1971.
Jonay Hernandez played for CD Ourense between 2000 and 2001.
Steven Spielberg was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director in the 54th Academy Awards for Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Ettore Manni started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career on 27 July 1979.
Pittsburgh Keystones, an ice hockey team, play in the United States.
The 13th Note Cafe is in Glasgow city, United Kingdom.
Jamie Chandler played for the England national under 18 football team, which began their career in 2006.
Thiago Gentil played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras from 2001 to 2004.
Luigi Mostacci started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired in 2003.
FC Costuleni, where Victor Truhanov played, was his club from 2015.
The Delhi Cloth & General Mills is a business established in India in 1889.
Lingleville Independent School District is located in Texas, United States.
Scott Township is in Adams County, Ohio, United States.
The Kingdom of Italy, which was the birthplace of the poet Farfa, began on 10 December 1879 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Jerome Taylor played for the West Indies cricket team from 2003 to 2015.
Qazi Jahan, located in the Qazi Jahan Rural District, is a human settlement in Iran.
The Greater Yosemite Council is a nonprofit organization in the United States that is part of the Scout councils of the Boy Scouts of America.
Billy Bob Thornton won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor in 1996 for his role in Sling Blade.
9454 Wilshire Boulevard was designed by Robert E. Langdon Jr. and was completed in 1968.
Ulrika Karlsson played for the Sweden women's national football team, which started in 1995 and finished in 2001.
Yevgeni Malofeyev began his career in 2014 and ended his career in 2015. He plays for FC Dynamo Barnaul.
The Comforters is written in English and published by Macmillan Publishers. The novel is set in Sussex.
The Cleveland Panthers, from the United States, are an American football team.
Downtown Youngstown is the central business district of Youngstown, Ohio, United States.
Bryan Linssen played for Fortuna Sittard, starting in 2008 and finishing in 2009.
Rauwshan McKenzie played for Chicago Fire U-23, a team that began play in 2007.
Jack Weston and Tom Berenger star in the miniseries, based on the novel If Tomorrow Comes.
Alleged is a Tennessee based film distributed by RLJE Films. The film's original language is English.
The Spirit of Adventure is from the United States. It was distributed by Mutual Film and is in the public domain.
Ted Fleming played for the Melbourne University Football Club, a team he started in 1908.
Bass Ledge is an island in Nantucket County, United States.
Pepe Pinto started playing for Real Valladolid in 1961 and ended his career in 1965.
Sergei Anatolyevich Vasilyev played for FC Metalist Kharkiv between 2002 and 2004.
Mwalimu Cooperative Savings & Credit Society Limited was founded in 1974 in Nairobi and has a business focus.
The list of Michigan state parks is a list of Michigan state parks that is related to the list of state parks of Michigan.
Shupluy District is in the Yungay Province of Peru.
The Jackie Thomas Show, which is broadcast in English, stars Michael Boatman and was broadcast by the American Broadcasting Company.
Maria De Mattias was a national of the Kingdom of Italy, where she was born. Her country's history began on March 17th, 1861 and ended on August 20th, 1866.
Juan Manuel Coello played for the Honduras national football team from 1998 to 1999.
Lake Nahorivske is in the country of Ukraine.
Kay ( footballer ) played for S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense, he started with them in 2010.
Alan R. Battersby is a member of the Academia Europaea (Academia Europaea is affiliated to the AE section of Chemical Sciences), he began his career in 1989.
Tomi Shimomura played for Montedio Yamagata, which he began playing for in 2010 and finished in 2011.
Emmetsburg Community School District is located in the United States in the city of Emmetsburg, Iowa.
Adriano Bausola began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired on 28 April 2000.
Antwerp International Airport is connected to Palma de Mallorca Airport which is operated by TUI fly Belgium. The airport was opened on 17 April 2015.
Kevin Sakuda played for Austin Aztex FC from 2009 to 2010.
Pieter van den Bosch was a painter in Amsterdam, where he worked between 1645 and 1660.
Harper is an unincorporated community in Indiana, in the United States.
Gabriel Milito began his career in 2003 and ended his career in 2007. He is a member of the Real Zaragoza club.
Domingo Zalazar started his career in 2010 with the Audax Italiano club. He retired in 2015.
The Sleeping Child is a drama from Belgium. The original language of the film or TV show is Arabic.
Alimabad is a village in the Markazi Province of Iran.
Shalva Apkhazava played for FC Arsenal Kyiv between 2002 and 2004.
Gmina Oleszyce is an urban-rural municipality in Lubaczow County, Poland.
Fazil Iskander won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 1994 and 2014.
Rita Levi-Montalcini won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1986, along with Stanley Cohen.
Adam Burish played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 2006 and ended in 2015.
Norihiro Kawakami played for Geylang International FC, which started in 2013.
Kasba Peth Vidhan Sabha constituency is located in the state of Maharashtra, India.
The area code 928 is located in Winslow, Arizona, in the United States.
Aristides Masi, who started his career in 2000, played for Club Sportivo San Lorenzo.
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues played for Adelaide United FC, which began his career in 2008, and finished his career in 2010.
Charles Duccilli played for the Philadelphia Atoms, who began play in 1973.
Artur Lesko started his career in August 2018 and is a member of FC Energetik-BGU Minsk. He was a member of the team that played in the 2019 Minsk International tournament.
Bruno Furlan started his career in 2010 and retired in 2017. He plays for the club Athletico Paranaense.
Jos Koetz was a member of the Luxembourg national football team which began in 1920 and finished in 1928.
The Port of Melbourne Authority in Australia is a Statutory Authority that was established in 1958.
Ritesh Batra won the Zee Cine Award for Most Promising Director in 2014 for his work on The Lunchbox.
Anton Matveyev played for FC Taganrog from 2009 to 2009.
Sudbury/Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Ontario, Canada.
Kiko Torres played for Real Madrid Castilla from 1995 to 1998.
Mario Miltone started his career in 1927 and played for Borgosesia Calcio. He retired in 1928.
The Almaden Open is a golf tournament in the United States.
The business, VConnect, was founded in 2010 in Surulere.
The 1878 Hereford by-election was held in Hereford, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1878-08-08.
Isaac Asimov won the Nebula Award for Best Novelette for The Bicentennial Man in 1976.
Chris Martin played for the New Zealand national cricket team, starting in 2000 and ending in 2013.
Wayne N. Phillips, whose given name is Wayne, is a human being who played for the Australia national cricket team.
Vodien Internet Solutions is a company in the Internet industry that was founded in 2002.
The South Meherrin River is located in Virginia, United States.
Gerard Vaughan is the surname of Australian politician Gerard Vaughan. Gerard Vaughan is a human being.
Emilian Dolha began his career in 1999 and retired in 2000. He is a member of the CSM Olimpia Satu Mare club.
Ferdinando Miniussi was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which started on September 1st, 1940 and ended on June 18th, 1946.
Chesterfield and District Amateur League is a sports league in the United Kingdom that features association football.
Jim Wylie was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began in 1913.
Leigh Woods is a village in Somerset, in the United Kingdom.
Simon Birtwisle played for Northumberland County Cricket Club between 2006 and 2007.
The 2015 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Loyola College, Ibadan, Nigeria, was established in 1954 and is a school.
Jeremy Allen played for the Western Australia cricket team between 1994 and 1996.
The Ford Hotel is a building in Ontario, Canada.
Domanice is a village in Poland, in Bytow County, in the administrative district of Gmina Miastko.
Chenar Mishavan, located in the Siyakh Darengun Rural District, is a village in Iran.
Bella Kocharyan, whose spouse is Robert Kocharyan, is a human being.
Futaba Corporation is a member of the SD Association, in the electronics industry, and they are a Kabushiki gaisha corporation.
Tom Gracie began his career in 1914 with the Scottish Football League XI.
Sergio Boris started playing for the Spain national under-21 football team in 2000 and retired in 2001.
Oliver Herber began his career in 1999 with Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf. He played for the club until 2000.
Rhydyclafdy is a village in Gwynedd, United Kingdom.
Hiroki Higuchi played for Fukushima United FC, which began his career in 2016.
Mikhail Zhabkin was a member of the Russia national under 17 football team, which started on January 1, 2011.
Jem Karacan played for the Turkey national under-21 football team from 2008 to 2011.
Pere Tarradellas started his career in 2004 and finished it in 2005. He plays for SD Ponferradina.
Lemley Campus is a public educational institution in Oklahoma, in the United States.
Charles Belton played for Kent County Cricket Club, which he started in 1847.
William Pinto House, located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Inzensky District was located in Samara Oblast which was established on 5 December 1936 and ended on 19 January 1943.
Buczyn is a village in Poland, in the Masovian Voivodeship, in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin.
Paula Ioan, whose given name is Paula, is an artist who competes for Artistic Gymnastics in human.
Emiliano Zapata is located in Morelos, Mexico.
Chris Silverwood, who started with Mashonaland Eagles in 2009, has played for the club since 2009.
The Kankesanthurai Lighthouse in Sri Lanka was established in 1893.
Igor Shalimov was a member of the Inter Milan football team, he started playing for the club in 1992 and retired in 1994.
Batu Arang is a town in Gombak District, Malaysia.
Gabriel de Broglie graduated from the Ecole nationale d'administration in 1958 and 1960.
Oulu City Library headquarters are located in Pokkinen which is in Oulu. Pokkinen has been in Oulu since 1982.
Alexandre N'Gadi, who played for Pau FC, started his career in 2012 and retired in 2013.
Derrick Hamilton, a human, has played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Toronto Argonauts.
Many Springs is an unincorporated community in Missouri, in the United States.
Stade de DUC Dakar is in Senegal and it is used for association football.
Stanley Fenley played for Surrey County Cricket Club between 1924 and 1929.
Viktor Stanitsyn starred in The Battle of Stalingrad as Winston Churchill and as Fyodor Tolbukhin.
Gudem Kotha Veedhi is a village in India, located in Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal.
Moussa Hirir played for the Djibouti national football team, starting on January 1, 2011.
Lucien Leduc started his career in 1951 and finished his career in 1956. Leduc played for Annecy FC.
Frays Farm Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the London Borough of Hillingdon, United Kingdom.
Braintree Sixth Form is a secondary school in the United Kingdom that was established in 2009.
Don Waddell played in the National Hockey League, beginning in 1980 and ending in 1981.
Ecole normale supérieure (Paris)'s director/manager was Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges, who started in 1880 and ended in 1883.
Giorgio Ferrari was born in Italy, where he began his career on 18 June 1946. He ended his career on 13 January 2010.
Meitetsu began to build the Meitetsu Hashima Line in 1982. This line is owned by Meitetsu and is located at Egira Station. The Meitetsu Takehana Line is operated by Meitetsu.
Yothinburana School is located in Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict, in Thailand.
The song "Your True Love" was written by Carl Perkins and was released in 1957.
Gabi Lasri was a member of the Israel national football team which began in 1983 and finished in 1985.
The Pochtamtsky Bridge, which crosses the Moyka River, was opened in 1824 and is a UNESCO cultural heritage site in Russia.
Doc Murray, known as Doc, is a human being who plays for Wigan Warriors.
Chelmsford Radio is a radio station in the United Kingdom which was established in 1998.
St. Thomas-Elgin Memorial Centre is a building in Ontario, Canada.
Caio is a village in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Jose Gildeixon Clemente de Paiva played for Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube between 2006 and 2007.
Aleksandr Perov ( footballer ) played for FC Kuban Krasnodar, he started his career in 1995 and finished his career in 2005.
The Sheraton Skyline Hotel at London Heathrow was established in 1971 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Kaheawa Wind Power is located in Maui County, Hawaii, United States.
Moravian Falls is a waterfall found in North Carolina, in the United States.
Twin Mound is a ghost town in Douglas County, Kansas, United States.
Bert McInenly played in the National Hockey League between 1930 and 1936.
Andrea Mengoni played for the club Delfino Pescara 1936, he started his career in 2009 and ended his career in 2011.
Squire and Partners is an architectural firm in the United Kingdom that was established in 1976.
Parking Panda is a company that was founded in 2011.
Yukio Tsuchiya began his career in 1996 with Barretos Esporte Clube.
Gavin James played for the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team. He started his career on 1 January 2015 and ended it on 1 January 2015.
The Belt Line Road is located in Dallas County, Texas in the United States.
Garnik Avalyan started his career with FC Volgar Astrakhan in 2000.
Norfolk Street station is adjacent to Warren Street/ NJIT station, which is located in Newark. The station is on the Grove Street-Newark Penn Line and is located towards Pennsylvania Station (Newark).
The Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is in Mississippi, United States.
Siswan is a community development block in India. It is located in the Siwan district.
Doctor in Engineering, Vladimir Nakoryakov, was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour. He also received the Order for Merit to the Fatherland IV class.
Enzo Rosa began his career with FC Pavia in 1934 and retired in 1935.
Bongouanou Department is in the Moronou Region of Ivory Coast.
Richard Bland (burgess) was married to Elizabeth Randolph. He had two children, Theodorick Bland of Cawsons and Mary Bland.
Cortina Airport was established in 1962 and dissolved in 1976.
The song Fantastic Voyage was written by David Bowie and was released in April 1979.
Charles Lee Isbell Jr. worked at AT&T Labs from 1998 to 2002.
JP Duminy played for Sunrisers Hyderabad, a team he joined in 2013.
James Tilyard was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began on 20 September 1913 and finished on 18 September 1920.
Abraham Bosse worked in Paris from 1620 to 1676.
Daniel Usvat's club was FC Bihor Oradea, he started his career in 1991 and finished in 1994.
Hayfield Dundee is a neighbourhood located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Henry Moyo played for the Malawi national football team between 1967 and 1975.
Roger Parker was a member of the Academia Europaea, which is affiliated to the AE section of Musicology and History of Art and Architecture. He became a member of the Academia Europaea in 2000.
Bangou is a village in the Zabré Department of Burkina Faso.
Hamdan Qassem, a defender, plays for Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai. He is a human being.
Cameron Mather was a member of the Scottish national rugby union team, which started on 28 August 1999 and finished on 21 March 2004.
Larchwood Township, Lyon County, Iowa, is a civil township in the United States.
The C-5 is a blimp ship built by Goodyear Aerospace for the United States Navy.
Tomah Area School District is located in the city of Tomah, Wisconsin, United States.
Markus Unger played for KSV Hessen Kassel, from 2009 to 2010.
Petrit Hoxhaj played for WKE, which he began with in 2012. He finished his career in 2013.
The film The Moon Is Blue was nominated at the 26th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing. Otto Ludwig was nominated for this award.
Beijing Blues won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film at the 49th Golden Horse Awards in 2012.
Andrei Tsaplin's club was FC Neman Grodno, he started playing for them in 2010.
Laurence Kotlikoff graduated from Harvard University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree. Martin Feldstein was the doctoral advisor to Harvard.
The director of photography for Darah dan Doa is Max Tera. The film is from Indonesia where the language is Indonesian.
Bart Johnson and Alyson Reed are both stars of High School Musical which is the original TV series of Disney Channel.
Papa Malick Ba started playing for the Senegal national football team in 2002 and finished his career in 2008.
Bigambul is an Indigenous people of Australia located in Queensland.
Jim Morehouse played for the Carlton Football Club which began in 1890 and ended in 1893.
Guillermo Eizaguirre played for the Spain national football team, which started in 1935 and finished in 1936.
Andrei Suslin worked at Saint Petersburg State University from 1973 to 1977.
Aliyu Abubakar began his football career in 2015 with F.C. Ashdod.
The EMD GP28 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel between March 1964 and November 1965.
Sangria is a red wine cocktail from Argentina.
Evgeni Ignatov ( footballer ) played for FC Sevlievo, a team he started with in 2015.
Eugen Bari started his career in 1998 and ended in 2000. He played for the FK Dubnica team.
The Principal Riverwalk is a protected area located in the state of Iowa, in the United States.
Justin Ammar played for SV Heimstetten between 2010 and 2011.
Colin Richardson was the producer of Waking the Demon, the sequel to Hearts Burst into Fire. Waking the Demon was followed by Your Betrayal.
Ryan Cavanagh started his career with State of Matter MAAP Racing in 2016.
The Taff Vale Railway O1 class is operated by the Taff Vale Railway. It is a standard gauge railway and was designed by Tom Hurry Riches.
The Cook-Sellers House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Trge is a human settlement in the Bugojno Municipality of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bomako is a human settlement in Bassila, Benin.
Dalechowice is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka.
Javier Chirinos started his career in 1991 with Deportivo Municipal.
Augusto Silj was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 27 February 1926.
Gennadi Grishin played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, he started playing for the club in 2000.
L'Embobineuse is a music venue in Marseille, France.
The Kono Model Academy was founded in 1950 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Ayotle is a business founded in 2010 in France.
Vitaly Suetov's football club was FC Energetik Uren, he started his career in 1998. He finished his career in 1999.
The TV series The Manageress originates from the United Kingdom and was shown on Channel 4.
Federico Fellini won the Palme d'Or at the 1960 Cannes Film Festival for La Dolce Vita.
The Great American Bash (1991) was a professional wrestling event produced in the United States.
The tabloid newspaper Miami SunPost was founded in 1985.
Steve Wooddin played for Christchurch Technical between 1987 and 1989.
Jimmy Howieson played for the Scotland national football team, which he represented from 1927 to 1928.
Mazenod is a human settlement in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Almir began his career in 1998 and played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Sky Odyssey is a DVD-based single player video game published by Activision.
The Golfo Azzurro is a ship from the United States whose home port is Panama City.
Patrick Osiako played for Simurq PIK between 2013 and 2015.
Maksim Votinov played for FC Baltika Kaliningrad between 2012 and 2014.
Marius Bezykornovas started playing for the Lithuania national under-21 football team in 1997.
Victor Moreland played for the Northern Ireland national football team between 1978 and 1979.
Jock Drummond played for the Scotland national football team between 1892 and 1903.
The business Legacy Audio is in is located in Springfield, Illinois. It was founded in 1983.
The Maltese Light Infantry was formed in 1800 in Malta and dissolved in 1802.
Basongo Airport is located in Kasai-Occidental, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Omer Damari began his career with FK Austria Wien in 2014. He retired in 2015.
The Salisbury Cathedral School is a boarding school in Salisbury and has a Grade I listed building.
Rutesheim station is a railway halt in Leonberg, Germany.
Geoff Allardice is a human being who played for the Victoria cricket team.
Vitaliy Sobolev played for the club PFC CSKA Moscow, which he played for in 1954.
The Groton Iron Works is a shipyard in the United States that is in the shipbuilding industry.
Marcelo Tolomeotti began his career in 2012 with Paragominas Futebol Clube.
The Association of the Holy Childhood (founded in 1959) is a voluntary association.
Yuri Ivanov ( footballer , born 1960 ) played for FC Kairat, which he started playing for in 1988.
Glyn Pardoe played for the England national under-21 football team, which began in 1969. Glyn Pardoe finished his career in 1969.
California State Route 178 is a State Highway in California. It is located in Kern County and is maintained by the California Department of Transportation.
First Direct, a company in the business of providing business services, was founded in 1989 in Leeds.
Jeff Stollmeyer played for the West Indies cricket team between 1939 and 1955.
Biloela, Queensland, is the birthplace of Bille Brown, who was born on 26 January 2011.
The Southland Astronomical Society is a New Zealand organization located in Southland.
Pelham Parkway is a street in The Bronx, New York, United States.
Mohammad Nawaz started playing for Rawalpindi Rams in 2012 and ended his career in 2015.
Murray Armstrong played in the National Hockey League which started in 1937. He retired in 1946.
The 2018 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament was played during the 2018 season.
Sunblaze are a progressive metal band from Germany. The band's genre is Rock and pop music.
Gerard Seghers worked in Naples from 1611 to 1620.
Chora Botor is one of the districts of Ethiopia, located in the Jimma Zone.
Thermo Fisher Scientific owns Alfa Aesar, a business located in Haverhill, Massachusetts.
Richard Anconina won the César Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1984 for his role in So Long Stooge.
Arpara Ideal High School in Bangladesh was established in 1945.
Cisco Systems is the developer of the Cisco Systems VPN Client software for Microsoft Windows.
Lumberman's Monument, a sculpture, is located in Michigan, United States.
Issinsky District was located in Tambov Oblast which was created on November 27, 1937 and ended on February 4th, 1939.
The business of Construction Photography, which was founded in 2001, is located in London.
Hazlet station is located in Hazlet, New Jersey and is on the North Jersey Coast Line. Hazlet station is located towards Pennsylvania Station (New York City). It is an adjacent station to Middletown station ( NJ Transit ) in Middletown, New Jersey.
Maryan Marushchak was a member of the FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv team which began play in 2002 and finished in 2003.
Vitaly Fedorchuk was the chairman of the KGB. He started his career on 26 May 1982 and ended his career on 17 December 1982.
Neon Alley is a business in San Francisco, founded in 2012.
Postcards from Leningrad is a Spanish language drama which originates from Venezuela.
Jace Alexander, whose surname is Alexander, was educated at the Circle in the Square Theatre School. He is married to Maddie Corman.
Euloge Ahodikpe played for Pápai FC, where he started playing in 2007. He ended his career in 2010.
The Khufu Statuette is an ivory sculpture located in the Egyptian Museum.
Abhishek Bachchan won the 2005 Screen Award for Best Supporting Actor for Yuva.
Marion Dorn was a resident of London, where she began her career in 1925 and finished it in 1940.
William Beechey, who is married to Anne Beechey, is a member of the Royal Academy of Arts and his works are in the collection of Tate.
UI Energy Corporation is in the petroleum industry and was founded in 1987. Its main line of business is providing energy services.
The Capture of Le Sars, part of the Battle of the Somme, was fought in Picardy, France.
Honeyburge is a hamlet located in Buckinghamshire, in the United Kingdom.
Burning Creek is a river in West Virginia, United States.
Tevita Kuridrani played for the Australia national under 20 rugby union team, which started in 2011.
Mattia Masi began his career in 2001 and ended his career in 2002. He was a member of the A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana.
Fred DeGand played for the Virginia Beach Mariners from 2002 to 2005.
Dewhurst v. Coulthard is a legal case in the United States which was heard by the Supreme Court.
The National Guard Armory-Pine Bluff, located in Arkansas, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Edvan Bakaj played for the Albania national under-19 football team between 2004 and 2005.
Juan Muhlethaler was a member of the Uruguay national football team between 1975 and 1983.
Dobiecin is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Chynow.
Lizz Winstead created the Daily Show, which she ended in 1990. She started working on the show in 1996.
Verkh-Nenya is a village in Russia that was founded in 1810.
Kelly Smith began his career in 1994 with London Bees and retired in 1996.
Eric Frenzel was a citizen of East Germany, where he started his career on 21 November 1988 and ended it on 3 October 1990.
The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a multistorey car park in the United States, in the city of Alaska.
The Saptamukhi River is a river in India which flows into the Bay of Bengal.
The 2005 Central Hockey League All-Star Game was an ice hockey game played in 2005.
Frank Rost started his career with Hamburger SV in 2007. He ended his career in 2011.
Cormac Costello, whose given name is Cormac, is a human being who plays for the Dublin Senior Football Team.
Closed Nightmare is a video game for the Nintendo Switch that was released in Japan.
KZBR is a radio station in Colorado, United States.
The 6th U-boat Flotilla had the German submarine U-585 which began on 28 August 1941 and finished on 30 March 1942.
The Macellum of Pozzuoli is an archaeological site in Pozzuoli, Italy.
Terrai Bainen District is located in Mila Province, Algeria.
Nabil Jaadi played for the Morocco national under-20 football team. His career began on 1 January 2014.
Adrian Sosnovschi played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, he started his career in 2003 and finished it in 2004.
Adhemar Canavesi played for the Uruguay national football team from 1925 to 1928.
Michele Cossato began his career in 2004 and retired in 2006. He played for AC Montichiari.
Cristiano Lopes began playing for Stuttgarter Kickers in 2001 and retired in 2002.
Khazret Dyshekov played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, where he began his career in 1988 and finished his career in 1995.
Ashland Township, Dodge County, Minnesota is in the United States.
Kuami Agboh started his career with K.S.K. Beveren in 2006.
The architect of Llandaff Cathedral is Jasper Tudor. It is in the Gothic style of architecture and has a Grade I listed building status.
The Australian Shadows Awards were established in 2005 in Australia.
Franco Scoglio was the head coach of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905, he started his career on 26 January 1993 and finished his career on 30 June 1993.
Anthony Waite played for Middlesex County Cricket Club from 1962 to 1964.
School Lake is located in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.
Anton Kramar began his career with FC Sevastopol-2 in 2012, he finished his career in 2012.
Harry Prince, a human, plays for Port Vale FC and is a man.
The song "Marching Song of the 318th Eng'rs" was published in 1918 and is in the public domain.
Gilpin Point is an unincorporated community in Maryland, United States.
Werner Vogels graduated from The Hague University of Applied Sciences in 1989. This university is in the academic discipline of Computer Science.
Vladimir Kazakov played for FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod, where he began his career in 1992 and finished his career in 1997.
The Hindi film Wedding Pullav is a romance film from India.
Taipei City Constituency 3 is a regional district of the Taiwan legislative election in Taipei, Taiwan.
Rudolf Seliger started his career in 1971 and ended his career in 1983. He played for MSV Duisburg.
Alhandra played for U.D. Leiria from 2002 until 2008.
Yusuf Barak began his career in 2003 with the club KSV Baunatal. He finished his career in 2006.
Carlos Casquero played for Real Oviedo B between 1999 and 2002.
Yasiel Puig, a right fielder, started his career on June 3, 2013 with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
The National Theatre of Panama is located in Panama City. It was inaugurated on October 1, 1908, and is a monument of Panama.
Fort Street is a Council Constituency of Eastern District in Hong Kong, China.
Michele Christiansen is a human being whose family name is Christiansen.
The Kelsey Range is located in California, in the United States.
William Penn High School is located in North Carolina, United States. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jair da Rosa Pinto played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras from 1949 to 1955.
The Teatro San Cassiano is an opera house in Venice, Italy.
Johan Devrindt began his career in 1972 with Club Brugge KV. He retired in 1974.
Jaime Bravo ( Chilean goalkeeper ) started his career in 2003 with Deportes Iberia, where he ended his career in 2004.
Romeo Castelen played for Hamburger SV II from 2009 to 2011.
Jeffrey Montgomery graduated from Michigan State University with an Undergraduate degree in 1976.
Martin Gottfried Weiss was a commander at Neuengamme concentration camp, which started in April 1940 and ended in September 1942.
Hîncești was in the Russian Empire which began on 16 May 1812 and ended on 2 March 1917.
Heather Mitts played for the Philadelphia Charge between 2001 and 2003.
Sundazed Records is a record label in the United States that was founded in 1989.
Italy was a nation at the 1959 Summer Universiade.
David Harrer, who started his career in 2008, played for FK Austria Wien, a team he played for until 2012.
The Pratt & Whitney PW4000 is a turbofan aircraft engine manufactured by Pratt & Whitney.
The Meadowlands Sports Complex is a stadium located in New Jersey, United States.
The Natalka mine in Russia produces gold.
Roman Karmen won the Order of the Red Banner and the USSR State Prize. His works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Karim Janat played for the Spin Ghar Tigers team in 2017.
Maraguia was founded in 1933 in Tunisia. It is a titular see.
Bernardo Parentino, who worked in Padua, started in Padua in 1489, and finished in 1494.
Chao Pengfei played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, where he began his career in 2013.
Laila Samad studied at the University of Calcutta and received the Bangla Academy Literary Award. She is an advocate for human rights.
Ivan Kotenko played for FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, from 2002 to 2004.
Kristen Nygaard was a footballer for the Denmark national football team, which played between 1970 and 1979.
Derrick Somerset Macnutt was born in the United Kingdom where the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927 ended the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. He was a British citizen who ended his career on 12 April 1927.
The American Council of Engineering Companies is a Washington, D.C. based organization which was founded in 1905.
Katie Mactier started with the club SC Michela Fanini Rox in 2002.
Grays Bay is in the Kitikmeot region of Canada.
Andrea Mengoni played for A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio, he began his career in 2001 and ended his career in 2003.
The Vrancea Mountains, which are part of the Sub Carpathians, are a mountain range in Romania.
Dan Dorion started his National Hockey League career in 1985 and played for the league until 1988.
West Dereham Abbey was founded in 1101 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Dammaj is a human settlement in the Saada Governorate of Yemen.
Pierre Rabadan played for the France national rugby union team who began their career on July 3rd 2004. He retired on 10th July 2004.
Raoul Lambert was a member of the Belgium national football team, which started in 1966 and ended in 1977.
Simon Picone started playing for L'Aquila Rugby in 2014. He finished his career in 2015.
Sergey Turanok started his career in 2003 with FC Livadiya-Yuni Dzerzhinsk.
Hopwood Middle School is a secondary school in the United States which was established in 1949.
Caracol Falls is a waterfall found in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
NRG Engineering, a business located in Fusionopolis, was founded in 2005.
Stephen Dolginoff is the musical theatre composer of Thrill Me.
Morten Olsen began his career in 1976 with R.W.D. Molenbeek. He retired in 1980.
Francesco Parravicini began his career in 1999 with the club SSD Pro Sesto. He retired in 2001.
Susan Foley graduated from Murdoch University with a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
The South Saskatchewan River is the outflow of Lake Diefenbaker which is dammed by Gardiner Dam.
Sjoerd van Ginneken is a member of the Metec-TKH Continental Cyclingteam, which he began with in 2014.
Emil Noll began his career in 2010 and finished his career in 2011. He played for Arka Gdynia.
The main category of the Remedello culture is the Archaeological culture, which was discovered in the Po Valley.
The East Coast Football Club is a sports team in Australia that was founded in 1900.
Ivan Mayewski played for FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi, he started his career on 1 January 2008 and finished it.
Denis Goavec began his career in 1988 and played for Stade Briochin. He ended his career in 1992.
Yvonne Martin, known as Yvonne Martin is a human being, the daughter of Marguerite Beaugé.
Rip Raps Plantation is a building in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Andrew Harris (born 1971) played for Herefordshire County Cricket Club. He made his debut for the club in 1997.
The Fort Wayne Hoosiers are a basketball team from the United States.
Nazri Nasir played for the Singapore national football team from 1990 to 2004.
The headquarters of Coco's Bakery is located in Carlsbad, California. The company was founded in 1948 and is still in business.
Bruce Pairaudeau played for the West Indies cricket team from 1953 to 1957.
Hewlett Packard Labs is a research institute founded in 2015. The headquarters of the Hewlett Packard Labs are located in Palo Alto, California.
The Uniface company was founded in 1984 in Amsterdam. The company is in the business of selling t-shirts.
Masr El-Nahrda originates from Egypt and is an Arabic TV show.
The Toronto Board of Trade Building was occupied by the Toronto Transit Commission which began in 1921. The Toronto Transit Commission stopped operating in 1957.
Mike Seerey is a St. Louis Stars soccer player who was educated at Saint Louis University.
Asakayama Station is adjacent to Sakaihigashi Station, which is connected to the Koya Line. Sakaihigashi Station is located towards Gokurakubashi Station.
Thierno Bah played for FC Meyrin between 2005 and 2006.
Zerega Avenue station is on the IRT Pelham Line and is connected to the 6 New York City Subway service. It was opened on October 24, 1920.
Monkland State School Residence is located in Queensland, Australia and has been listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Erkan Sekman played for Orduspor between 2013 and 2015.
Vlada Avramov is a member of the Serbia national football team which he started playing for in 2007.
The DRG Class E 93 is an electric locomotive made by AEG.
Kangerong Station, a pastoral lease, is located in Queensland, Australia.
Dinesh Mohan is the human name and graduated from the University of Michigan.
Gudivada revenue division is in the Krishna district of India.
Redouane Drici played for the Algeria national football team, which he started playing for in 1982.
Patricio Mac Allister, who started playing for Urawa Red Diamonds in 1991, retired in 1992.
Stealth ATF is a multiplayer video game developed by Imagineering and published by Mattel.
The Youanmi Gold Mine is located in Western Australia.
Panamaram is a village in India, in the Wayanad district.
Seachange was a female horse that was born in New Zealand on November 14th 2002.
The village, Vakhromeyevo, was founded in 1775, in the country of Russia.
Al Hamilton played in the National Hockey League from 1965 to 1980.
Kamran Sheeraz played for Shropshire County Cricket Club, which started in 1999 and ended in 1999.
Vasiliki Soupiadou played for the Greece women's national football team, which began in 2004.
Paandav, an action film from India, is in Hindi.
Tide Pods is a laundry detergent pod manufactured by Procter & Gamble.
Joe Shuster won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation for Superman (1978 film) and he went on to win the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation in 1979.
Marc Lutolf played for the Swiss national under 20 football team, which started in 2007.
Nidanpur, Berasia is a village in the Bhopal district of India.
Hrayr Mkoyan played for FC Mika from 2010 until 2011.
Bob Landers is a human being who played for the Sydney Roosters.
Renan Bressan played for APOEL FC from June 2016 until January 2017.
Antonio Possevino was born in Mantua, which was in 1590 and ended in 1606.
Clayton is an unincorporated community in Stevens County, Washington, United States.
Extreme Pizza is a pizzeria chain founded in 1994 in San Francisco.
Rinaldo Francisco de Lima started out at Clube Atlético Mineiro in 2002.
Marcelo Saralegui played for the Uruguay Montevideo team in 2004.
Feline Fuelled Games, founded in 2005, is a video game developer in the video game industry.
Abraham Mazumdar is a human being who plays the piano. His musical genre is classical music.
Linjiang is located within the Soviet Occupation of Manchuria which began on September 3rd 1945 and ended on March 31st 1946.
The 2011 North Somerset Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Sunguvarchatram is a human settlement in Kanchipuram district, India.
Bear Valley, is a census-designated place in Alpine County, California, in the United States.
The Minnesota Vikings, who play at the U.S. Bank Stadium, began their home games in August 2016. They were previously based at the TCF Bank Stadium.
Enoch Oteng began his career with K. Lyra in 2014 and ended his career in 2015.
January Zyambo started his career in 2005 with Olympiakos Nicosia.
Eduardo Conget started his career with Burgos CF in 2001 and ended it in 2002.
Wilson's Sandwich Shop is a business founded in 1936 in Findlay, Ohio.
Kohar Khurd is a village in India, Jalandhar district.
Bristol is an unincorporated community in Pierce County, Georgia, in the United States.
Sanjay Yadav plays for the Tamil Nadu cricket team. He made his debut on the team in 2016.
Wayne Township is in Butler County, Ohio, United States.
Sterling Wescott played for the Utah Freezz between 1999 and 2000.
China National Petroleum Corporation is located in Dongcheng District, Beijing, China.
Fernando Marchiori played for Adap Galo Maringá Football Club. He began his career in 2007 and retired in January 2007.
Andrei Vlad was a member of the Romania national under 17 football team. He started his career on 24 October 2015 and ended his career on 29 October 2015.
Yevgeni Chumachenko played for FC Novokuznetsk, which he began his career with in 2005.
Alan Wilkinson was a member of the New Zealand national football team, which began play in 1947.
Simone del Pollaiolo worked in Rome from 1475 to 1485.
Philip Arthur Whitcombe played for Middlesex County Cricket Club, making his debut in 1948.
Talel Chedly played for FC Baulmes from 2008 to 2009.
Philippe Gardent played for the France national handball team from 1983 to 1995.
The organization Mission Direct, founded in 2004, is headquartered in Hitchin.
Johannes Hopf played for Ystads IF between 2007 and 2008.
The Tahoe Rim Trail, which was established in 1981, is located in the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest and has the heritage designation of National Recreation Trail.
Valentino Sala started his career in 1928 with A.C. Monza and finished his career in 1929.
Rocky Mountain House Airport is located in Alberta, Canada.
Zaynah Vastani lives in India, is human and is the sister of Ziyah Vastani.
The company Vestal Watches was founded in 1997 and is located in Costa Mesa, California. The company's main business is making watches.
Paulo Torres started his career in 1999 with G.D. Chaves.
The ship HMS Rochfort was built in 1814 in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and is operated by the Royal Navy.
The Waitt Institute is a nonprofit organization founded by Ted Waitt. Its sponsors are the Waitt Foundation.
The 2001 Tour de la Région Wallonne was the season of the Tour de Wallonne, which is held in Belgium.
Robert Bouloux, known as Robert, is a human being who was a participant in the Tour de France.
Velna is a village in Setomaa Parish, in Estonia.
Alitalia's subsidiary Air One began operating on December 11th, 2009 and ended on September 30th, 2014.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Editing in 1984.
Barro Preto is a municipality in Bahia, Brazil.
Punjabi is spoken in Apra, Punjab, India.
Massimiliano Caputo started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013. He played for Matera Calcio.
The Davis Falls, a waterfall in Pokhara, is located in Nepal.
Alessio Viola played for the Italy national under-21 football B team, where he began his career in 2011.
Katariya, Kutch is a village in India, in the Bhachau Taluka.
Lake Idyl is in the United States and is located in Florida.
The Nephin Beg Range is a mountain range in the Republic of Ireland, located in County Mayo.
Anatoli Piskunov, who started his career in 1972, played for FC Lokomotiv Moscow, ending his career in 1976.
Rhydargaeau is a village in Carmarthenshire, in the United Kingdom.
Jardim Lindoia is a neighborhood of Porto Alegre, Brazil.
Michael Bogdanov won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director in 1979 and 1990.
Flip Simmons, also known as Flip Simmons, is the human name.
Nirmala Higher Secondary School is located in Muvattupuzha, Kerala, India.
The International Chamber of Shipping, founded in 1921, is a non-profit organization headquartered in St Mary Axe.
Barnaul is located in the West Siberian Krai, which was established on 30 July 1930 and ended on 27 September 1937.
Eduardo Vilches started his career in 2000 with CD Cobreloa.
Geir Hasund began his career with Viking FK in 1993.
Andres Guglielminpietro started his career with Inter Milan in 2001 and played for the club until 2004.
Takayuki Yamaguchi ( footballer ) played for FC Machida Zelvia, a team he started playing for in 2008.
Tbilisi is located in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic, in the Soviet Union. David Sakvarelidze was born in Tbilisi.
Barkan Industrial Park is located in Barkan, in the State of Palestine.
Anatoli Ivanishin and Takuya Onishi are crew members of the Soyuz MS-01 which was manufactured by the Energia corporation.
Quickplay Media, a Toronto based company in the business of distributing games, was founded in 2004.
Flawless and Jocelyn Jee Esien are both cast in StreetDance 3D. The series was produced by HMV.
Previously playing for the club Valenciennes FC, Éric Chelle began his career on 1 January 2003 and ended his career in 2008.
Abdallah Tazi played for Morocco from 1972 to 1978.
Jamurki Union is one of the union councils of Bangladesh. It is located in Mirzapur Upazila in Bangladesh.
Bombay Beach is a census-designated place in Imperial County, California, in the United States.
The Tatra V570 is a car model manufactured by Tatra and was followed by the Tatra 97.
Nununyi is an archaeological site in the United States which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Martha S. Lewis was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. She is the surname of Martha Lewis.
RateMyProfessors.com is a review site that uses the English language. It is owned by Viacom from 2005 to present.
Partick station is located on the outer ring road of Kelvinhall subway station, which is connected to the Glasgow Subway.
Wrestle Kingdom III is a professional wrestling event in Japan.
Garri Kalan is a village in India, in Jharkhand.
Lilian Camberabero played for the France national rugby union team, which he started playing for on 29 November 1964. Lilian Camberabero ended his career on 23 March 1968.
Highbury & Islington station is located adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station on the Victoria line. The station is on the way to Brixton tube station.
Spigen, a business founded in 2004, is headquartered in Irvine, California.
St. Joseph High School (Westchester, Illinois) alum and Dallas Cowboys player Andy Frederick is a human being.
Diangi Matusiwa played for Almere City FC between 2007 and 2008.
Krister Kristensson played for Sweden national football team from 1967 to 1972.
The anthem of Russia is Patrioticheskaya Pesnya which was published between 23 November 1990 and 27 December 2000.
Zohan Rural District is a Dehestan in Zohan District, Iran.
KLMI is a radio station in Wyoming, United States.
Poum is a village in Struga Municipality, in North Macedonia.
Daniel Peláez played for Cienciano, a team he started playing for in 2008.
The Lounge Lizards are a band founded by John Lurie. They were signed to the record label E.G. Records and play the Lounge Lizard.
American Express's subsidiary is InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions, the company that started in 1997 and ended in 2010.
Alsodobsza is a municipality of Hungary in the Szerencs District.
The Fiat 1400 and 1900 are made by Fiat Automobiles and have a petrol engine.
Dungarvan was in the Irish Free State from 6 December 1922 until 28 December 1937.
Cedric Scott, who was educated at the University of Southern Mississippi, is a human being. He plays with the Scottish Claymores.
The Bulloo Developmental Road is a street in the state of Queensland, Australia.
Austin Hayes played for the Republic of Ireland national football team which he started playing for in 1979.
Gustavo Nery started playing for Coritiba Football Club in 1997.
Khalfan Ibrahim has played for the Qatar national under 17 football team since 2003 and finished his career in 2005.
David Trapp started his career in 2010 with the Belize Defence Force FC. He ended his career in 2012.
Anton Powolny, whose real name is Antonio, plays for the Vienna Sportclub and is a human being.
The ward of Kitanzini is located in the Iringa Urban District of Tanzania.
Chucklefish is a video game developer located in London.
Jankow, Lower Silesian Voivodeship is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniow.
Irish Pictorial Weekly is a television series which began on RTÉ One on 29 November 2012.
The John Neely House is in the United States, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Irfan Pathan played for the India national cricket team between 2003 and 2008.
The Wiggles Pty Ltd is a business that was founded in Australia in 1991.
Athribis is a tell (archaeology) site in Egypt.
Armando Vajushi began his career in 2015 with the club A.C. ChievoVerona.
Mamadi Sangare is a member of the FC Avanhard Kramatorsk club. He started his career in 2013 and his last club was FC Avanhard Kramatorsk.
Humongous Entertainment, the parent organization of Cavedog Entertainment, was a company that was active between 1996 and 2000.
Alejandro Hisis started his career at the club Deportivo Palestino in 1996.
Yury Mironov played for FC Khimik-Arsenal between 1967 and 1969.
Pristina was located in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo which started in 1945 and ended in 1990.
Portland Harbour is a port in Dorset, in the United Kingdom.
Zulfiqar Babar, who started out in 2011 with the Quetta Bears, ended his career in 2012.
Abdul Shamsid-Deen started his career in 1994 with the Vaqueros de Bayamon.
Naldo, born 1988, started his career in 2008 with Oeste Futebol Clube.
CITIC Limited, headquartered in Hong Kong, started trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on February 26, 1986.
Gerard Bergholtz played for Feyenoord between 1961 and 1965.
Gulran is a human settlement in the Gulran District of Afghanistan.
The International Catholic Migration Commission is a non-profit organization founded in 1951 in Geneva.
The Ulli Beier Museum in Nigeria was founded by Ulli Beier.
Catskill Game Farm, a zoo, was created in 1933 in the United States.
Sergio Marcon started his career at Udinese Calcio in 1994.
Emilio played for the Spain national under-19 football team, which began in 1989.
Joypul is a human settlement in the North 24 Parganas district of India.
Hardus Viljoen started his career with Multan Sultans in 2018.
The Moama Football Club, which is affiliated with the Association Football club, is based in Australia.
The New General Service List was published in March 2013 and is based on the General Service List.
Sergio Velazquez ( footballer , born 1952 ) started with the Los Angeles Aztecs in 1975 and ended his career in 1976.
Ren DeGaris was the Chief Secretary of South Australia from 17 April 1968 to 1 June 1970.
The ship HMS Icarus was built in 1885 in the United Kingdom and is operated by the Royal Navy.
Koulmasga is a human settlement in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
Jérôme Gondorf played for ASV Durlach, which he started with in 2008 and ended in 2010.
Ari Kelman graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Deh Now-e Esahaqabad is a village in the Central District of Narmashir County, Iran.
The Munda languages, which are part of the Austroasiatic languages, are a language family described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Serhiy Borysenko started his career in 1995 and ended it in 1997. He plays for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi.
Andrzej Bednarz began his career in 2009 playing for Zob Ahan SC.
Carlos Matheu played for Cagliari Calcio between 2008 and 2009.
Vilafrancada, a rebellion in Portugal, took place in 1823.
Handvo is a food found in India and it is made of wheat flour.
Fuentes del Valle is a human settlement in the State of Mexico.
Igor Uralyov played for FC Amkar Perm, which started in 1995 and ended in 2003.
The ColecoVision is a home video game console manufactured by Coleco. It was discontinued in 1985.
Pentland Township is located in Luce County, Michigan, United States.
Samsara Blues Experiment is a hard rock band from Germany.
Daniel Bennett began his career in 2005 with Woodlands Wellington FC, he retired in 2006.
Zeka Goore played for Telephonat Beni Suef SC who started their career in 2011.
Dunfermline High School is a secondary school located in Dunfermline, Fife, United Kingdom.
Taza Chocolate is a chocolaterie that was founded in 2006 in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The Takasaki Line connects with Yamanote Line of Ueno Station and Tokyo Station.
Muthana Khalid started playing for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya in 2007. He retired in 2013.
Pasionaria is a Spanish language TV series distributed by Cisneros Media.
The 1987 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was held in the 1987 season.
We Heart It is a website founded in 2011 in San Francisco.
Dimbulah, Queensland is located in the electoral district of Hill, which was established on 25 November 2017.
New Gurgaon is a village in Haryana, India.
Watson Township is located in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.
Andrei Panfyorov started his career in 1998 and retired in 2001, playing for FC Torpedo Moscow.
The Woman's Temperance Publishing Association, founded in 1879, is located in Illinois. The organization does business in the area of publishing.
Marcelo Elizaga was a member of the Quilmes Atlético Club, which started in 2000 and ended in 2004.
Curious Brewing is a brewery in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2011.
A Seventh Man, written by John Berger, was published in 1975.
Suat Okyar started playing for Pendikspor in 1995 and finished his career in 1996.
Billy Vunipola was a member of the England national under 20 rugby union team, which began in 2012.
The American Society of Mechanical Engineers awarded Theodore Von Kármán the ASME Medal in 1941.
Homestead Harmonizers is a United States based choir that was founded in 1988.
Roman Slavnov started his career in 2002 and finished his career in 2003. He is a member of the FC Moscow football club.
Guido Carrillo has played for Estudiantes de La Plata, a team he began with in 2011, and ended in 2015.
The 2015 Melton Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Mariano González was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team. He began his career in 2001.
Northcourt Manor is an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
The Finance Centre is a skyscraper located in Taguig, Philippines.
Ryta Górka is a village in Poland, in the administrative territory of Gmina Nozdrzec.
Deutsche Schule Bilbao in Bilbao, Spain was established in 1917.
The book "Escape from China" was written by Zhang Boli and published in 1998.
Bassey William Andem was a member of Union Douala, he started with the club in 1989 and finished in 1993.
Celso Borges played for AIK Fotboll between 2012 and 2015.
The Hardest Day is part of the Battle of Britain and is located in England, United Kingdom.
Tansega is a human settlement in the Boudry Department of Burkina Faso.
Leopold Gernhardt began his career in 1939 and finished it in 1955. He played for SK Rapid Wien.
Mor Dahan played for the Israel national under-18 football team, which he started playing for in 2007.
Susana Campos and Santiago Rebull are both cast in Cuando besa mi marido. The film is from Argentina.
Manhattan's 95th Street is in the United States and is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation.
Gilberto Machado played for the Honduras national football team between 1987 and 1992.
Sakado Castle is a Japanese castle in Minamiuonuma, Japan.
Mikhail Trukhlov played for FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin between 1995 and 1996.
The Springfield Interchange is located in Virginia in the United States.
Reza Jabbari started playing for FC Aboumoslem in 2005 and ended his career in 2006.
St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Sulthan Bathery, India, was established in 1977.
The 2013 Salisbury City Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom on 7 May 2013.
The Ku Music Asian Music Awards, established in 2015, are a music award from China.
Mapili is in the Myitkyina District of Myanmar. It is a human settlement.
Meskiana District is located in Oum El Bouaghi Province, Algeria.
Natascha Kohnen was born in Munich, Bavaria, West Germany.
Edgaras is a Lithuanian language male given name written in the Latin script.
Vovkovatytsia is a village in Brody Raion, Ukraine.
Lake Owassa is in Frankford Township, New Jersey, United States.
Kruszka is a village in Poland, located in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, in the administrative territory of Gmina Chojnice.
WPXC-TV, a television station in the United States, was founded in 1990.
The Life and Times of Eddie Roberts, a sitcom, originated from the United States.
Thorsager is a town in the Syddjurs municipality in Denmark.
Hugh Howie was a member of the Scottish national football team, which he started playing for in 1948.
The Ura Gewog is located in the Bumthang District, Bhutan. It is one of the Gewogs of Bhutan.
LatinWorks is a business that was founded in 1998 in Austin, Texas.
Sky Aviation is an airline based in Sierra Leone. The hub of Sky Aviation is Lungi International Airport.
The Singha Sports Club is in Sri Lanka and they play first-class cricket.
The Nails are a rock and pop band from the United States. Their musical genre is New wave music.
The South Devon Railway Company, who began in May 1869, operated the Taurus locomotive. The company ended its service on 31 January 1876.
Keystone Studios produced the film Making a Living which stars Charles Inslee and Minta Durfee.
Nsangi is a human settlement in Wakiso District, Uganda.
Alexis Gritchenko worked in Paris from 1921 to 1977.
The Jakarta-Merak Toll Road, which was established in 1984, is located in the country of Indonesia.
Adel Nefzi was a member of US Monastir, the team he started with in 2005 and finished in 2007.
The Hoffman Bridge is a covered bridge located in Crabtree, Oregon, United States.
Maxime Chanot started his career with Le Mans FC in 2009. He retired in 2010.
Jannaram, Enkoor mandal is a village in India, in Khammam district.
The Qing Dynasty is the setting of the novel Royal Tramp, which was written in Hong Kong. Ng Man-tat is a cast member of the novel.
Filippos Darlas played for the Greece national under 21 football team between 2003 and 2006.
Albert Hall, Nottingham was designed by Albert Edward Lambert, and has the architectural style of Baroque Revival.
FC Lugano is the team Giuseppe Miccolis played for from 2004 to 2005.
Heart South Devon is a radio station in the United Kingdom which was established in 1999.
Macroplaza Mall is located in Texas, United States. It was established in 1982.
QuickBird was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 on October 18, 2001.
Ron Kind graduated from the London School of Economics in 1986 with a Master of Arts degree.
Tekstilshchiki District is located in the South Eastern Administrative Okrug of Moscow, in Russia.
Jeroen Lambers played for FC Groningen from 2003 to 2006.
Llanmiloe is a village in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
H.V. Hordern was a member of the Australia national cricket team, which started in 1911 and ended in 1912.
The Radio Research Consortium is a business founded in 1981 in Olney, Maryland.
Molkom is an urban area in Karlstad Municipality, Sweden.
Matt Koalska played in the National Hockey League from 2005 to 2006.
Luk Bawan is located in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
The National Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka, founded in 1986, is a non-profit organization based in Colombo.
Athens was the capital of the Kingdom of Greece, which began on 30 August 1832 and ended on 8 December 1974.
The Barry Railway Class E was manufactured by Hudswell Clarke who started in August 1889 and ended in March 1891.
Ebeotsu Station is adjacent to Takikawa Station, which is on the Hakodate Main Line. Takikawa Station is towards Hakodate Station.
Dragos Plopeanu was a member of the CS Inter Gaz Bucuresti football club. He started his career in 2004 and ended his career in 2005.
Kevin Stevens played in the National Hockey League between 1987 and 2002.
Lower Truro is a human settlement in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Jumia Travel was founded in 2013 in Lagos. The company is in the business of providing travel services.
Paul Wolters was a member of the German Archaeological Institute and was a Habilitation graduate. He was buried at Alter Friedhof, Bonn.
Juan Andres Larré started his career with C.A. Bella Vista in 1984 and finished his career in 1987.
George Baker ( judge ) was the President of the Family Division from April 20, 1971 until September 27, 1979.
Maynard Ashcroft started playing for Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1897 and finished his career in 1906.
Evgeni Malkin won the Art Ross Trophy in 2009 and 2012.
Jean Carlo Witte plays for Brazil and started his career in 1997.
Mayfly is a rock and pop band from the United States, who were formed in 2012.
Rafael Márquez Lugo played for the Mexico national football team between 2004 and 2013.
Emine Demir played for the Turkey women's national under-21 football team. She started her career in 2014 and finished it in 2014.
Guangximen station is adjacent to Shaoyaoju station, which is on Line 13 of the Beijing Subway. Shaoyaoju station is located towards Xizhimen station.
North Eleuthera is a local government in the Bahamas.
Henry Mancini is the composer of Cade's County, which is broadcasted on CBS and is in the English language.
OneClimate is a London based business that was founded in 2006.
The main subject of CINAHL is Nursing, which is a bibliographic database published by EBSCO Industries.
B-Scada is a publicly traded company headquartered in Crystal River, Florida.
Benhalima Rouane played for USM Blida, which started in 2002 and ended in 2005.
The Tennis Channel Open, a tennis tournament in Las Vegas, is a sequel to the ATP Scottsdale.
Greg Wright, who played for Staffordshire County Cricket Club, made his debut for the county in 1999 and finished his career in 2002.
Ramsey St Mary's is a village in Cambridgeshire, in the United Kingdom.
The International School Bangalore is located in Bangalore, India and was founded in 2001.
Parag Tyagi lives in Mumbai, is married to Shefali Zariwala and is a human being.
The City Canal is located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom.
Sam Kennedy, born 1881, played for the Scottish national football team, which began in 1905.
Orven is a cycling team in Mexico that was established in 2009.
Osamu Tezuka won the Kodansha Manga Award in 1986 for Message to Adolf.
Connie Morella graduated from Boston University in 1954 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Campo Municipal de Aterrizaje Airport is in Minas, Uruguay.
Charles Turner, an Australian cricketer, played for the New South Wales cricket team from 1882 to 1910.
James Wall was a footballer for the Nashville Metros who started in the 2001 season.
East Rockingham is a census-designated place in Richmond County, North Carolina, United States.
Joy Burke, whose family name is Bao, is a human being who competes in women's basketball.
The band SULO is an alternative rock band from Australia.
The Anniston-Oxford metropolitan area is located in Alabama, United States.
Weerawut Kayem played for the Thailand national under 20 football team, starting in 2011.
Djamal Mahamat played for SC Beira-Mar, a club he played for from 2008 to 2011.
Ramapuram Sree Rama Temple is located in Kottayam district, India.
John S. Knight was awarded the Maria Moors Cabot Prizes in 1957 and 1962.
BancABC is a business founded in Gaborone in 1997.
Wanne Observation Tower is located in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany.
Payless Cashways, Inc. is a retail business headquartered in Missouri.
The Crepulje mine is located in Kosovo and produces lead.
Pedro Almeida, born 1993, played for S.C.U. Torreense between 2013 and 2014.
Rajinder Kumar played for the Indian Arrows, starting his career in 2012. He retired in 2013.
Keith Reddin graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1978.
The Timber Lake Playhouse is a theatre troupe located in Illinois, United States.
Arne Friedrich, who started his career in 1999, played for SC Verl. He ended his career in 2000.
Breach Candy is a neighbourhood in Mumbai, India.
Paul Weatherwax, a botanist, is a human.
The Statenvertaling is a Bible edition book, published in 1637.
Bairabi is a human settlement in the Kolasib district of India.
Sadao Fuchigami is a member of the Social Democratic Party in Japan. He speaks Japanese, is human and is also a member of the Social Democratic Party.
The Conventicle Act (Sweden) was enacted in Sweden between 21 January 1726 and 26 October 1858.
Eduard Koptily started his career at FC Shinnik Yaroslavl in 1993.
Mike Garrett played soccer for the Kalamazoo Kangaroos who started in 1984 and ended in 1986.
Akil Blount began his career in 2018 with the Orlando Apollos, a linebacker position.
Dhaner Dam is located on the Tapti River in India.
Anzal, Kermanshah is a village in the Kermanshah Province of Iran.
HealthLinkBC is a non-profit organization founded in 2001 in Canada.
Yevhen Seleznyov played for the Ukraine national under-21 football team, which ended in 2005.
Francis Joseph started Francis Joseph ( footballer )'s football career in 1990 and played for K.R.C. Genk, he retired in 1991.
Alexander Kruglov was born in Veliky Ustyug, Vologda Governorate, Russian Empire.
Henri Bienvenu started playing for Espérance Sportive de Tunis in 2008. Henri Bienvenu ended his career at Espérance Sportive de Tunis in 2010.
Yana Troyanova won the Kinotavr award in 2009 and 2013.
Kumar Navale is a human being who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He comes from India.
Ilia Spiridonov was born in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.
Viv Richards played for Combined Islands cricket team between 1971 and 1981.
Mud Lake is located in Warren, New York, United States.
The 2000 Rugby Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Ivan Romanchuk started his career in 2009 and played for MFC Kremin Kremenchuk before ending his career in 2010.
Igor Shitov played for the Belarus national under-19 football team, which was started in 2004.
The Kodi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple in Tamil Nadu, India.
Ese Odo is in the Ondo State, Nigeria, one of the local government areas of Nigeria.
Westport High School (Massachusetts) is located in Westport, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Gleb Boglayevskiy started playing football for FC Amkar Perm in 2004 and retired in 2006.
Filming for A Gang Story began on 27 July 2010 in Lyon and ended on 13 October 2010.
Jonathan Wilmet began his career in 2015 and plays for K.M.S.K. Deinze. K.M.S.K. Deinze was acquired through a loan (sports).
Ronaldo Pompeu started his career with S.S. Lazio in 2016.
Tamatoa Tetauira is a midfielder who plays for AS Dragon in Tahiti. He is also a human being.
Take Wing, a Thoroughbred, was born in 1938 and is from the United States.
Sharif Kandi is a village in the West Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
Mike Brown (safety) played for the Kansas City Chiefs, starting in 2009.
The Cormorant Cave is a cave in Gibraltar, United Kingdom.
Ravi Opi is a village development committee in Kavrepalanchok District, Nepal.
Duncan Ross is a Scottish politician who is a member of the Scottish National Party. Duncan Ross's name is Ross.
Henry Sweet discovered Current Shorthand in 1892.
Vaidotai railway station is a train station located in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Koluel Kayke is a municipality in the Deseado Department in Argentina.
The Washburn School is located in Washburn, Tennessee, United States.
Jahada is a village development committee in Nawalparasi District, Nepal.
The 2nd Battalion in Norway was established in 2003.
Nikola Gligorov played for Alki Larnaca FC between 2011 and 2013.
Gehri Buttar is a village in Bathinda district, India.
Kennford is a village in Kenn, Devon, United Kingdom.
Mountview Cemetery is located in Billings, Montana, United States.
The United States is the origin of the song Down in It, which was written by Trent Reznor. Down in It was followed by Head Like a Hole.
Kakamigahara Air and Space Museum is a science museum in Japan. It was inaugurated on 23rd March 1996.
Baden bei Wien was a city in the Austrian Empire which began 11 August 1804 and ended 29 March 1867.
Beijing Midi School of Music was founded in 1993 and is located in China.
Sebastian Pelzer played for Dynamo Dresden between 2006 and 2009.
West Peculiar Township is in Cass County, Missouri, United States.
The book Castes in India: Their Mechanism, Genesis and Development was written in English by B.R. Ambedkar.
Gustavo Noboa was employed at the Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil from 1966 to 1996.
The Alexander Hotel is located in Reidsville, Georgia, United States.
Li Fusheng played for the China national football team from 1976 to 1984.
Tarmoola Station is located in Western Australia. It is a human settlement.
Dainkwan is a village in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Mariella Lotti was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which started on November 17, 1919 and ended on June 18, 1946.
Oleg Morozov ( footballer , born 1966 ) played for FC Fakel Voronezh, starting in 1989 and ending in 1991.
Izunna Uzochukwu is a midfielder who plays for FC Midtjylland. He is a human being.
GovHack is a recurring event that started in 2009.
Dines is a ghost town in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.
Mitchell Creek is a stream in South Dakota, in the United States.
Aleksandr Zobnin plays for FC Zvezda Irkutsk, he started his career in 2008.
The Worcester city walls are a defensive wall in Worcester, United Kingdom.
Pyatigorsk is located in the Caucasus Governorate, which was established on November 15th, 1802. The Governorate was ended on May 13th, 1830.
Norley Hall is an English country house in the United Kingdom. It has a Grade II listed building status.
The Brooks County Public Library is located in Brooks County, Georgia in the United States. The Library is a member of the Georgia Public Library Service.
Hedeyli is a human settlement in Hayrabolu, Turkey.
Scott Cuthbert played for the Scotland national under-20 football team, where he started his career in 2007.
The AMC-3 rocket launch occurred at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 on September 4, 1997.
The New Dublin Voices is a choir that was founded in 2005 in Dublin.
Moreno Costanzo played for FC St. Gallen from 2006 to 2010.
The 2006 Cambridge municipal election was held in Cambridge, Canada.
Chico Ramos played for FC Porto and the Portugal national under 17 football team. He also competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Pablo Rotchen played for the Argentina national football team between 1995 and 1997.
W.P.C. Davies was a member of the England national rugby union team, which began play in 1953 and ended in 1958.
Vincent Bessat played for FC Metz between 2007 and 2010.
KSGM, a radio station located in Missouri, United States, is owned by the Missouri Broadcasting Company.
The Lizzie Robinson House is a building located in Nebraska, United States.
The Wyre Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom on 31 March 2007.
Cristian Martins Cabral, who started his career in 2011, played for Itumbiara Esporte Clube. He ended his career in 2012.
Dagenham East tube station is connected to the District line and is located at Dagenham East, which is towards Ealing Broadway station. Dagenham East tube station is located at Elm Park which is neighboured by Dagenham East station.
Maarten van Garderen started his career in 2017 with Modena Volley and ended his career in 2018.
Joseph Alioto graduated from Saint Mary's College of California in 1937 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Artem Shtanko played for FC Luch Vladivostok between 2013 and 2015.
Michel Alves started his career in Sport Club Internacional in 2009.
Latimer Road tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station on Hammersmith & City line. The Hammersmith & City line station was closed on 12 October 2008.
Jamie-Jerry Taulagi played for the Samoa national rugby union team, beginning in 2017.
Peter Millar was a member of the Phoenix Inferno team which began play in 1980 and ended in 1983.
Oliver Beer played for FC Bayern Munich II between 1997 and 2001.
Belgium is a country that has represented itself at the UEFA European Championship, the competition for association football.
Joseph Laumann started his career at VfB Lübeck in 2007.
Llapo District is one of the districts of Peru, located in the Pallasca Province.
Sesalac is a village in the municipality of Sokobanja, Serbia.
Hutchinson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. in North Dakota.
Amashca District is one of the districts of Peru, located in the Carhuaz Province.
The 1971 South Pacific Touring Series was the season of the South Pacific Touring Series and was held in Australia.
The South Wales Amateur League, an association football league, was created in 1946.
Carlos Brathwaite played for the Delhi Capitals from 2016 until 2017.
Diego Rangel started his career with the club Palamos CF in 2003 and finished his career in 2004.
The 2010 Bassetlaw District Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Andrei Panyukov was a member of the Russian national under 17 football team, which started on January 1, 2011.
Chinthaka Jayasinghe played for Chilaw Marians Cricket Club between 2003 and 2004.
The Sitgreaves House is located in the United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Adamczowice is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontow.
Aleksei Tyurgashkin, who started his career in 2005, played for FC Spartak Kostroma. He retired in 2006.
Gonzalo Damian Marronkle started his career in 2005 and ended it in 2006. He played for FC Marco.
The Chelsea School District is located in Michigan, United States.
Vryotopos is a human settlement in Tyrnavos Municipality, Greece.
Nicola Rigoni started playing for S.S.D. Palermo in 2010 and ended his career in 2011.
Vasco Matos started his career with SC Olhanense in 2004. He retired in 2006.
Kandola Khurd is a village in Jalandhar district, Punjab, India.
St Joseph's High School in Crossmaglen, Northern Ireland was established in 1961.
The Kao Yip Middle School was founded in 1910 and is located in China.
Frank Cremeans graduated from Ohio University in 1969 with a Master of Arts degree.
The company Globo plc, which is headquartered in London, started in 1997 as a business.
Lenny Jacobson, whose given name is Lenny, is a human being. His family name is Jacobson.
Kotlovka District is located in the South-Western Administrative Okrug, Moscow, Russia.
Ping Pong Entertainment, a filmmaking company, was founded in 2014 in Bangladesh.
The Book of Thoth by Aleister Crowley was published on March 21, 1944.
2016 Wind Energy Holding Bangkok Open, which was held from 29 August until 4 September 2016, was held in Bangkok.
The Mars Area School District is located in the state of Pennsylvania, United States.
Seaman Stadium is located in Alberta, Canada.
Hennadiy Popovych started playing for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi in 1994.
Kjell Kaspersen played for the Norway national football team between 1961 and 1971.
Abe Laboriel Jr., the son of Abraham Laboriel, plays the bass guitar. Abraham Laboriel is a Spanish-speaking musician.
100 Women in Hedge Funds, which was founded in 2001, is a New York City based company that offers business services to women in the hedge fund industry.
San Mar is a census-designated place in Washington County, Maryland, United States.
The Hindi speaking TV channel Hungama TV began broadcasting in May 2018. The show Upin & Ipin was originally broadcast there.
Dagon Seikkan Township is located in Yangon, Myanmar.
Momodu Mutairu started playing for Montedio Yamagata in 1999.
McNee Ranch State Park is a California State Park in the United States.
The band Postcards are a rock and pop band from Lebanon. Their music genre is indie folk.
Gordon Hill played for the Nova Scotia Clippers from 1991 to 1991.
Tower Gateway DLR station is located at Tower Hill, Docklands Light Railway. Its interchange station is Fenchurch Street railway station.
Marilyn Friedman is a professor of philosophy at Washington University in St. Louis.
Ramon Latorre worked at the University of Chicago, from 1975 to 1977.
Nicasio School District is located in California, United States.
Larry Mac Duff is a human being who plays American football.
Josip Bonacin played for NK Dugopolje, where he began his career in 2011.
Peter Worrell played in the National Hockey League from 1997 to 2004.
Axalto, a business founded in 2004 in Paris, is headquartered in Paris.
Richard Magyar played for FC Aarau from 2014 to 2015.
Castle Bay, Nova Scotia is a General Service Area in Canada.
The 2007 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament was played during the 2007 baseball season.
Anthony Parsons was the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, starting in 1979 and ending in 1982.
Amin Affane played for FC Energie Cottbus between 2013 and 2014.
Carlos Humberto González began his career in 2007 and ended his career in 2010. He is a member of the Club Universidad Nacional.
Kenny MacDonald started out with Happy Valley AA in 1985 and ended his career in 1986.
William Kozlowski's club was Cuiabá Esporte Clube. He started with the club in 2011.
Duncan Hodge played for the Scotland national rugby union team which began on March 15, 1997 and ended on June 22, 2002.
Raccoon Creek is a river in Missouri, in the United States.
Grobice is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Chynow.
Darius Vassell was a member of the England national under-18 football team which began its career in 1998 and ended in 1999.
The Geothermal areas of Yellowstone are a territorial entity within Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
Vladimir Martynenko was born in Kiev, in the Soviet Union. Kiev is located in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Léo Lima started playing for FC Porto in 2005.
The award Real Heroes was created in 2008 and comes from the country India.
Joseph Melling worked in Strasbourg, which started in 1774 and finished in 1796.
The organization Ex-Muslims of North America was founded on 28 September 2013 in the United States.
Johnny Sack is a fictional character in the TV series The Sopranos, played by Vincent Curatola.
Our Lady's College in Hong Kong, China was founded in 1952. It is a secondary school.
The Morning Never Came is written in English, with Juha Raivio as its composer.
Vitali Yelsukov started his career in 1994 with FC Krasnoznamensk.
The Wisconsin State Baseball League was founded in 1970 and is a sports league.
The San Ardo Oil Field is located in California, in the United States.
The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II is from the United States and designed by Textron Marine & Land Systems.
Ivaylo Kirov started playing for FC Velbazhd Kyustendil in 1994 and retired in 1997.
Nikita Bezlikhotnov was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, which started in 2013.
Mary E. Moss Academy is an educational institution located in Maryland in the United States.
Warley Silva dos Santos played for the club Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, he started his career in 2005.
Doci is a human settlement in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
John Algeo graduated from the University of Miami in 1955 with a Bachelor of Education degree.
Stanton Independent School District is located in Texas, United States.
Wayne Simonds is a human being who played for Wests Panthers.
Thierry Bayock started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013. He has played for R.R.F.C. Montegnée.
Salvador Salguero played for FBC Melgar, he started his career in 1973.
Alessandra Cianchetta graduated from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia in 2000 with a master's degree.
Adrian Madaschi played for Jeju United FC, where he started in 2012 and finished in 2013.
Alan Phillips played rugby for Cardiff RFC between 1973 and 1992.
Doublebois is a village in Dobwalls and Trewidland in the United Kingdom.
Zapatismo is a social movement in Mexico, named after Emiliano Zapata.
Ponhea Kraek District is located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.
Federico Crovari began his career in 2007 with Calcio Padova and finished his career in 2009.
TransNamib, which was founded in 1895, is in Namibia. The 3ft 6in gauge railways are in Namibia.
The band The + 2's is a rock and pop band from Brazil.
Vladislav Duyun began his career in 1996 with FC Spartak Moscow.
Veliko Golovode is a human settlement in Serbia.
Bartosz Rymaniak's club was KS Cracovia, he began playing for the club in 2014 and ended his career in 2015.
Vittorio Casaretti started his career in 1941 with Inter Milan and ended it in 1942.
The Yokosuka E14Y is an aircraft family from Japan, which is operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Brad Smith played for the Cincinnati Silverbacks, which began play in 1996 and finished in 1997.
Gisela of France is a member of the Carolingian dynasty. She was married to Rollo. Louis IV of France was her brother.
The EBC Hochschule, which was established in 2007, is a business school located in Neustadt, Hamburg.
The Submarine Escape Training Facility is located in Western Australia and was established in 1987.
Derek B. Miller graduated from the University of Geneva with an English degree and went on to graduate from Sarah Lawrence College.
Rosdi Talib played for Pahang FA from 2003 to 2009.
LNER Thompson Class A2/3s were operated by London and North Eastern Railway which began in May 1946 and ended 31 December 1947.
Cesidio Colasante played for the Hershey Wildcats from 1999 to 2000.
Man Thet is a human settlement in Hkamti District, in Myanmar.
Hylton Colliery is a coal mine located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
The Jubilee Bridge is a railway bridge in India that crosses the Hooghly River.
AEP Paphos FC won the Cypriot Second Division in 2005-06 and 2007-08.
The 2015 Atlantic 10 Conference Baseball Tournament was held in 2015.
Przydawki is a village in Poland, in the administrative territory of Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.
Florinel Mirea played for FC U Craiova 1948 between 2002 and 2003.
The Kingstone School was established in 1978 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Robert Mugabe served as Prime Minister of Zimbabwe, which he started on 18 April 1980 and ended on 31 December 1987.
The 1976 NAIA Men's Basketball Tournament, was held in 1976.
The Guduvaiyar River is in Tamil Nadu, India.
Clever Lane Montessori School in the Philippines was established in 2000.
Dariusz Romuzga was a member of the Hutnik Nowa Huta team, where he started his career in 1998.
Birla Sun Life Asset Management was founded in 1994 and is owned by Aditya Birla Group. The company manages the business of Birla Sun Life Asset Management.
Jose Luis Deus played for the Spain national under 18 football team. He started his career in 1995.
Dallas based Terminal Reality is a privately held company in the video game industry.
The Midland Railway 990 Class was manufactured at Derby Works between March 1907 and October 1909.
Satwas is a human settlement in Dewas district, India.
The Timpendean Tower, a castle, is located in the Scottish Borders, in the United Kingdom.
Kenroy Peters played for the Windward Islands cricket team, which began play in 2000.
Spruce Creek Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania is in the United States.
Mohammad Nami started his career in 2013 and played for Al-Fateh SC. He retired in 2014.
Bristol Mountain Ski Resort is located in the New York state, United States.
The Sirius XM Satellite Radio owned Classic Vinyl radio station was founded in 2002.
Michael Schimpelsberger played for the Austria national under-17 football team between 2007 and 2008.
The English novel Dark Lord of Derkholm, published by Victor Gollancz Ltd., was followed by Year of the Griffin.
Cookstown Airport is in Ontario, Canada.
Wote is a human settlement in Makueni County, Kenya.
KOKZ, a radio station located in the United States, is located in Iowa.
The free software Analysis of Functional NeuroImages, used in Science, is released under the GNU General Public License.
Trimax Mowing Systems, a business founded in 1981, is located in Tauranga.
Kamal Ibrahim played for Port Melbourne SC from 2013 to 2015.
Kusgaon Budruk is a human settlement in the Pune district of India.
Kiwa Creek is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada.
Crosshill is a district in Glasgow City, in the United Kingdom.
Samuel Montefiore Waxman graduated from Harvard University in 1907. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Cleiton Xavier played for FC Metalist Kharkiv, which he started playing for in 2010. He ended his career in 2015.
Oil City is an unincorporated community in Yazoo County, Mississippi, in the U.S.
Valter Birsa played for ND Gorica between 2004 and 2006.
Clear Creek Township, Jasper County, Iowa is located in the United States.
Edward Jackett was a member of the England national rugby union team, which began on 2 December 1905 and finished on 20 March 1909.
John Byrne is a musician who plays the guitar and is a human being.
Glenys Page started his career in 1965 with the Auckland Hearts and retired in 1982.
The Runestaff is written in English and originates from the United States. The book is the sequel to The Sword of the Dawn.
Watty Allan, a human, has played for Blackpool FC and Kettering Town FC.
Hakusan Station (Tokyo) is on the Toei Mita Line and opened on 30 June 1972. It is adjacent to Kasuga Station (Tokyo).
The Westlands Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in California, United States.
Wim Hofkens started playing for K.S.K. Beveren in 1976 and ended his career in 1980.
Joy Schoonhoven, whose given name is Joy, is a human being and a member of the Almere City FC football club.
Arlington is a neighbourhood in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ludwig Bründl began his career in 1971 and retired in 1975. He played for Eintracht Braunschweig.
Gerald Holton received the George Sarton Medal and a doctorate in Philosophy degree. His doctoral advisor was Percy Williams Bridgman.
The Cosmo Oil Company is a member of the Petroleum Association of Japan and is a Kabushiki Gaisha legal entity. Its industry is the petroleum industry.
Miramar was located in Weinheim, which began in 1973 and ended in 1987.
Stringston is a civil parish in West Somerset, United Kingdom.
Trace McSorley played for the Penn State Nittany Lions from 2015 to 2018.
Christopher Cox graduated from the University of Southern California in 1973 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Felice Fanetti was born in Italy, where he began his career on 18 June 1946. He retired on 25 April 1974.
Ryan Patel, whose given name is Ryan, is a human being who plays for Surrey County Cricket Club.
Alice in Wonderland ( 1951 film ) features the voice actor Thurl Ravenscroft who is a part of The Mellomen and plays the Card Painters character.
Marcelo Cordeiro started his career in 2002 with Clube Atlético Bragantino.
The American English language series Bordertown, which began airing on 3 January 2016, was created by the Fox Broadcasting Company.
West Gervais Street Historic District is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Longchaeng District is located in the Xaisomboun Province, Laos.
Victor Bolt, who started his career in 2014, played for Madureira Esporte Clube.
Ion Adrian Zare started his career in 1993 with Pécsi MFC and retired in 1994.
Wellington Koo was a member of the Qing dynasty, which began on 29 January 1888 and ended on 1912.
Milford is a village in Belper, Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
The 2008 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Final was an association football match that took place in Indonesia.
Palazzo Di Gregorio is a building in Alcamo, Italy.
Nikolaos Nakas started his career in 2002 and finished it in 2003. He is a member of the TSV Crailsheim club.
Chris Tancill played in the National Hockey League between 1990 and 1998.
Arthur Kingscote played for the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1858 to 1859.
Glen Riddle Farm is located in Maryland, United States and is a geographical feature.
Dmitri Akimov began his career in 2003 with FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Theresa Creek Dam is located in Queensland, Australia.
Peribit Networks is a United States based company that was founded in 2000. They are in the business of providing networking services.
North Thurston Public Schools is a school district located in Thurston County, Washington, United States.
Caryae (Arcadia) is an ancient city, which is located in ancient Greece.
Andres Sabido played for the Spain national under-21 football team between 1978 and 1979.
Shane Smeltz, played for Wellington Phoenix FC between 2007 and 2009.
Vladimir Malakhov played for PFC Dynamo Stavropol, from 1980 to 1986.
Richard Pellejero began his career in 2001 and finished in 2002. He played for Club Nacional de Football.
Deniz Aycicek began his career with MSV Duisburg II in 2013. He retired in 2015.
Pind Purana is a village in Gurdaspur district, India.
Kota Fukatsu began his career in 2006 with the Kashiwa Reysol club.
The Charles Edward Brooke School is a grammar school in Camberwell, United Kingdom.
Jamie Field is a human being who played for Wakefield Trinity.
Richmond Road is a road in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Hathersage Road is a street in Sheffield, United Kingdom.
Emlyn Davies was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, which began play on 20 December 1947. He retired on 13 March 1948.
Stanley Aborah, born in 1969, played for Seongnam FC, which he started with in 1997 and finished in 1999.
The Soho Line is a railway line in North Korea, it was opened on December 15, 1936.
Davoud Haghi played for Zob Ahan SC between 2011 and 2012.
BETC, a business founded in 1995, is located in Paris.
Christ University is located in Bangalore, India on Hosur Road.
The English book Survival! was published by Baen Books.
The Taff Vale Railway, which began service in 1884, operates the Taff Vale Railway H class. The company ended service on 31 December 1921.
Fred Hoiberg played for the Indiana Pacers who started in 1995 and finished in 1999.
Severo Cominelli, who started performing in Italy on 18 June 1946, ended his career on 20 April 1998.
Kanstantsin Sivtsov started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2015. He is a member of Team Ineos.
Wim Bleijenberg played for FC Wageningen between 1951 and 1952.
Borja Granero played for Valencia CF Mestalla between 2009 and 2011.
Cairnorrie is a village in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Kunzer is a human settlement in the Baramulla district of India.
The Embassy of the State of Palestine in North Korea is operated by the State of Palestine. The Embassy is in North Korea.
Yalta was in the Soviet Union which started on 30 December 1922. The Soviet Union ended on 1991.
Embankment tube station is connected to the Bakerloo line, which is adjacent to Waterloo tube station and Charing Cross tube station.
Jonathan Asp played for the Sweden national under-21 football team, which he started playing for in 2011.
Andrey Aleksanenkov played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, he started his career in 1995 and finished his career in 1996.
Westgate High School is located in the Iberia Parish School System, in the United States. It is a high school in North America.
The Paragould School District is located in the city of Paragould, Arkansas, United States.
John Martis played for the Scotland national football team. He started his career in 1960 and retired in 1960.
The musical Crispino e la comare was first performed on 28 February 1850. It was written by Federico Ricci and its libretto by Francesco Maria Piave.
Vancouver Japanese Language School was founded in 1906 in Canada.
India Square is a neighbourhood located in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.
The Hampshire and Hampden Canal is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Spilhaus Inlet is a fjord in the Antarctic Treaty area, located on the continent of Antarctica.
Rahul Banerjee and Priyanka Sarkar are both in the cast of Hoi Choi, a film from India.
Margot Gerritsen became a professor at Stanford University in 2001.
Marjorie Villis, whose given name is Marjorie, is a female human being.
King George Hall is located in Kolar Gold Fields, India and is a city hall.
James Franklin ( cricketer ) played for Essex County Cricket Club, which he began in 2012.
John Slattery won the 2007 Satellite Award for Best Cast for the TV series Mad Men.
Bitburg Middle-High School in Germany was established in 1956. It is a high school in North America.
Ingrave is a village in Herongate and Ingrave, United Kingdom.
Igor José Marigo de Castro began his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013. He is a member of the Yokohama FC.
Albert Eschenmoser, who is affiliated with ETH Zurich, won the Welch Award in Chemistry in 1974.
Kapilesvara Siva Temple is a Hindu temple in Bhubaneswar, India.
Kahelabad is a village in the Kermanshah Province of Iran.
Sylvia Smit played for FC Twente Vrouwen, from 2007 to 2008.
Frank Paulus began his career in 2008 and retired in 2011. He played for SC Borea Dresden.
Juan Manuel Fangio won the 1956 Buenos Aires Grand Prix which was a sporting event held on 5 February 1956.
The 2003 McDonald's All-American Boys Game was a basketball season.
Mount Wudinna is a mountain in South Australia.
Khandashi is a village in India, which is located in the Pune district.
Gertrude Himmelfarb was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1955 and 1957.
Jacques Stroweis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for True Lies at the 67th Academy Awards.
The company Animal Control Products Limited, which was founded in 1991, is headquartered in Whanganui. The company's main business is the manufacture of animal control products.
Lawrence Summers graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
Andrey Pyshnik played for FC RUOR Minsk, starting in 1997 and ending in 2001.
Edward Nicholson worked as a librarian at the Bodleian Library, where he finished in 1912.
Amrhut is a village in the Central District, Chabahar County, Iran.
The Fourth Ministry of Machine Building was established in 1963 in China and ended in 1993.
Federico Agliardi began his career with S.S.D. Palermo in 2006. He retired in 2009.
The Avondale Road railway station is a train station in New Zealand that was opened in 1881.
Michihiro Yasuda is a member of the Japan national under 23 football team which began on January 1, 2008.
Starring Tracy Beaker is written in English, it is the sequel to The Dare Game and was followed by The Story of Tracy Beaker.
Jan van der Veen played for Sparta Rotterdam from 1967 to 1976.
London was the place where Peter Stent worked from 1640 to 1667.
Serafim Mihaylov started his football career in 2014 with FC Spartak Plovdiv.
Roger Guerreiro played for Esporte Clube Juventude between 2005 and 2006.
The Neath & District League (founded in 1931) is a sports league for association football.
Kobe-Sannomiya Station is connected to the Port Island Line operated by Kobe New Transit. The line began in 1981.
Warm Springs is a city in Meriwether County, Georgia, in the United States.
Diogo Correa de Oliveira played for Santos FC between 1998 and 2001.
Jussi Nuorela played for PSV Eindhoven between 1993 and 1995.
Sinaut is one of the villages of Brunei located in Keriam, Tutong.
The Tupiniquins Ecological Station was established in Brazil in 1986.
Thibault Moulin played for Stade Malherbe Caen from 2010 to 2013.
Marat Voranaw played for FC Orsha, where he started his career in 2014.
Liam Dawson played for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club, which he began his career in 2014.
Roman Adamov played for FC Sibir Novosibirsk, he started his career in 2014.
Jose Antonio Vélez was a member of FC Andorra, he started his career in 2006 and finished his career in 2007.
The Sea Installer is a ship built by COSCO in Denmark.
Seelampur is a constituency of the Delhi Legislative Assembly in the city of Delhi in India.
Krzysztof Król began his career with Real Madrid CF in 2007 and ended his career in 2008.
The band Run Boy Run is a rock and pop band from the United States. Their genre is bluegrass music.
Issa Sarr's club is ASC Diaraf, where he began his career in 2009 and ended his career in 2011.
George Hughes was a member of the English national rugby union team which began on 14 March 1896.
Nazim Ajiev started his career in 1990 with FC Orto-Nur Sokuluk.
The English language album Promise is the follow up to Diamond Life by Sade and was followed by Stronger Than Pride.
Carl Valeri played for Inter Milan, from 2004 to 2005.
West Green is a village in Hart District, Hampshire, in the United Kingdom.
Eric Gioia, born Eric Gioia, attended New York University.
Michael Bevan played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1995 and 1996.
Tenema N'Diaye started his career in 2004 and retired in 2005. He has also played for Al Wahda FC.
Imagining the Balkans is a book written by Maria Todorova, published in 1997.
Crewe Works, which began in 1901 and ended in 1904, manufactured the LNWR Class B.
Beretra Bevoay is a commune in Farafangana District, in Madagascar.
Michael Liendl, who started his career in 2009, played for FK Austria Wien, a team he left in 2012.
The Genesee and Water Street Railroad was established in 1865 and is located in the United States.
The Birmingham Bulls, an ice hockey team in the United States, play in the SPHL.
Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in Luxembourg, where rugby union is a competition.
Graeme White played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, from 2010 to 2013.
Mokrelipie is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica.
Johan Malcolm played for Loughborough MCC University between 2007 and 2008.
Elaine Lee played for the New Zealand women's national football team, which started in 1975. Lee retired in 1975.
St. Brieux Airport is located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ezra Vogel was at Yale University from 1960 to 1961.
Robert Hawkes played for the England national football team between 1907 and 1908.
Oumar Diaby began his career in 2011 and ended his career in 2012. He is a member of the RCO Agde club.
Donald Ford was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, a team that began in 1971 and ended in 1974.
Jaipur International Airport serves the destination of Raja Bhoj Airport, which is operated by Alliance Air India and SpiceJet.
Chagall is a film from the U.S. that was originally made in French. The director of photography in Chagall is Jean Bourgoin.
Ogba Zoo was established in 1965 in Nigeria.
Exeter Guildhall is in the United Kingdom and is a Grade I listed building.
Daniele Contrini started his career with Tinkoff Credit Systems in 2007. He retired in 2008.
Martin Groth played for Hamburger SV from 1998 to 2003.
Jimmy Ashcroft is a human being who plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
The Kanakarayan Aru is a watercourse in Sri Lanka. It flows into the Chundikkulam Lagoon.
The Youngstown Patricians, based in the United States, are an American football team.
Raramuthirakkottai is a village in India, in the Papanasam taluk.
Vladimir Lugovskoy, who was buried at the Novodevichy Cemetery, attended the Moscow State University and the Real College in Tsarskoe Selo (School 500).
Damada is a human settlement in Metoumou, Mali.
The Chicago Theatre was operated by the Columbus Association for the Performing Arts from 1998 to 2003.
1998 Euro Open by Nissan, the 1998 season, took place in Spain.
The newspaper Gegen Engeland, published in Brest, is in German. The newspaper was founded in 1940.
Mark Ferner started in the National Hockey League in 1986 and finished in 1995.
The 1983 CFL season was the Canadian Football League's season in Canada.
The Guépard II XJ01 is a subclass of aircraft from Belgium. Its first flight was on 28 May 2009.
The Ballarat Roller Derby League is a sports league in Australia, it was founded in 2008.
Mabel Corby, known as Mabel, played for the New Zealand national cricket team and was a member of the New Zealand women's cricket team.
Andre Turcat won the Harmon Trophy in 1958 and 1970.
Angela Gerekou is married to Tolis Voskopoulos, who was married to Angela Gerekou, in Corfu. Tolis Voskopoulos began his career on 2 August 1996.
Tomasz Kuszczak started playing for the Poland national under-18 football team in 2000. He finished his career in the same year.
Hugh Hefner was with Brande Roderick from 2000 to 2001.
Leslie Valiant started work at Carnegie Mellon University in 1973 and left the university in 1974.
Cayetano Ré played for FC Barcelona from 1962 to 1966.
The University of Franche-Comté is located in Dole, Jura, the administrative territory of which, was established in 1423 and ended in 1691.
Denilson Martins Nascimento played for Red Bull Brasil. He began his career with the team on January 1, 2013.
Chuck Robb graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1973. He graduated with a Juris Doctor.
Rade Paprica played for AEP Paphos FC between 1988 and 1991.
Lana Parrilla, who plays Regina Mills in The Thing You Love Most, is a leading actress.
David Barr ( Irish cricketer ) played for North West Warriors from 2000 to 2014.
Giacomo Casoli started his career in 2007 with ACF Fiorentina, he retired in 2010.
Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen are a duo made up of Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen.
David Paas began his career in 2000 and finished his career in 2002. He played for K.R.C. Genk.
Spring Garden Township is in Jefferson County, Illinois, United States.
The company Aerodium was founded in 1979 by Jean Saint-Germain.
Yoshitaka Fujisaki played for Avispa Fukuoka between 1998 and 2002.
The song Hooray for Captain Spaulding was published in 1928 and the composer was Bert Kalmar.
Kalyani Silpanchal railway station is located on the Kalyani Simanta branch line and is located next to Kalyani Silpanchal railway station.
Eduardo Gomes International Airport, which is named after Eduardo Gomes, is located in Manaus. The airport was inaugurated on 31 March 1976.
The Biggest Loser Germany was presented by Katarina Witt, who began her career in 2009.
Adiv Chaliv is a village in Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Eddie Butler played for the Wales national rugby union team, which began on 19 January 1980 and ended on 24 November 1984.
Fawcett Properties Ltd v Buckingham CC is a legal case from the United Kingdom where the judicial functions of the House of Lords are involved.
Mike Figgis was the winner of the Independent Spirit Award for Best Director for Leaving Las Vegas in 1995.
Rogério Pinheiro started his career with Figueirense FC in 2009.
Stefano Casagranda began his career in 1997 with Bardiani-CSF.
The Walter B. Sorrells Cottage is located in the United States in the city of Arkansas. The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Xiaoice is a chatbot developed by Microsoft that was launched on May 29, 2014.
Imtan is an archaeological site in the Salkhad District of Syria.
Michael Jakobs played for VfL Bochum, starting in 1980 and ending in 1983.
Mario Monticelli began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired on 30 June 1995.
Gracehill is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Devinder Shory was a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election, where the Conservative Party of Canada is the parliamentary group. Shory represented the electoral district of Calgary Skyview.
Strasburg Rail Road is a geographical feature in Pennsylvania, United States.
Rockwood Township is in Hubbard County, Minnesota in the United States.
Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest was a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme, which began in 1976 and ended in June 2017.
Felipe Félix started his career in 2006 with S.C.U. Torreense.
El Outaya District is one of the districts of Algeria, in the Biskra Province.
Richard Rodney Bennett was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score at the 40th Academy Awards for his score to Far from the Madding Crowd (1967).
Javier Mancini played for Uruguay Montevideo, which began his career in 1999.
Oaklyn Public School District is located in New Jersey, United States.
Juan Robledo played for Santiago Wanderers, a team that he played for in 2007.
Federico Kammerichs began his career in 2001 and ended it in 2002. He played for Club Ourense Baloncesto.
Gmina Jawornik Polski is a rural gmina in Przeworsk County, Poland.
Ayd Mill Road is a limited-access road in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.
The Government Polytechnic, Mumbai was founded in 1960 and is an engineering school in India.
Irakli Geperidze played for FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod, a team he started playing for in 2006.
Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza started his career at Veranopolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural in 2008.
Piotr Skrobowski played for the Poland national football team, he started his career in 1980 and finished in 1984.
Helmut Schlesinger was the director of Deutsche Bundesbank. He started on August 1, 1991 and ended on 30 September 1993.
Ken Akamatsu won the Kodansha Manga Award in 2001 for his work in the manga Love Hina.
The Shpola Raion was located in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic which was founded on September 15, 1930 and ended on February 26, 1932.
Andrea Raggi was a member of the Italian national under-21 football team which started in 2007.
Ibrahim Abdelhalim Masoud plays as a midfielder for Al-Rayyan SC and is a human being.
Franz Schleiff, given name Franz, is a human being who won the Imtiyaz Medal.
Wrightwood station (CTA) is adjacent to Diversey station which is on the North Side Main Line. Diversey station is located towards Howard station.
The BDO World Trophy is a darts tournament organized by the British Darts Organisation.
The food Grant loaf, created by Doris Grant, is a type of bread.
Dani Ojeda played for Lorca FC, where he began in January 2017. He retired in June 2018.
Al Yasmina School was established in 2008 in the United Arab Emirates.
Wildcat Mountain is located in Utah, in the United States.
Hali-Ela Divisional Secretariat is located in the Badulla District, Sri Lanka.
Emil Scheel started his career in 2010 with Aarhus Gymnastikforening and retired in 2013.
165 University Avenue is a construction site located in California, in the United States.
Vital Borkelmans started his career in 2000 and retired in 2002. He played for K.A.A. Gent.
The Grey Friars Abbey in Stockholm, Sweden was established on 17 January 1201 and is a monastery.
Steve Olfers, who started his career in 2009, played for PSV Eindhoven, where he finished his career in 2010.
Nelson Branch is a river in Missouri, in the United States.
Poovam is a village in the Kannur district of Kerala, India.
The Chief Leschi School is located in Washington state, United States.
Igor Povalyayev started his career in 1988 and finished in 1989. He played for FC Spartak Moscow.
The Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics is located in Beijing, China. It is a research institute.
German submarine U-409 was part of the 5th U-boat Flotilla which began on 21 January 1942 and ended on 31 August 1942.
Ice hockey's 1987 Calder Cup playoffs took place during the 1987 season.
Umbrage is a vampire film from the United Kingdom. The film was originally made in English.
Spessard Holland was a lawyer who started in 1916 and is a lawyer in Bartow, Florida.
Thornton-le-Beans Chapel, a Grade II listed building, is located in the United Kingdom.
Marco Antonio Palacios started playing for Albinegros de Orizaba in 2002.
Mikel Saizar played for Real Sociedad B between 2002 and 2006.
The Royal Welch Fusiliers is a march song written by John Philip Sousa.
Edison Gimenez started his career in 2007 and finished his career in 2008, he also played for Club Olimpia.
Charlie Mitten played for Independiente Santa Fe, beginning his career in 1950 and ending it in 1951.
The Gone-Away World is one of the notable works written in English by Nick Harkaway, whose father was John le Carré.
Marcus Brown played for the Murray State Racers men's basketball team between 1992 and 1996.
The Marathon des Dunes, in Algeria, is a sport of athletics. It was created in 2000.
Winkler airport is located in Manitoba, Canada.
The Brownstown Bombers are an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Nikolai Shumov, also known as Nikolai, is a member of Minsk Cycling Club (men's team) and a human being.
The Davis Brothers Store is located in North Carolina, United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Man with the Horn ( song ) was produced by Hugh Padgham and is signed to Atlantic Records. The record label of the song is Warner Music Group.
WOXD is a radio station in Oxford, Mississippi, United States.
Adam Ismailov played for FC Dacia Chisinau, the team he started with in 2010.
James Corden won the British Academy Television Award for Best Comedy Performance in 2008. James Corden is the winner of the award for his role in Gavin & Stacey.
Paolo Suarez started his career in 2001 with the Deportivo Maldonado.
Marvin van der Pluijm played for NAC Breda, which was a part of the NAC Breda club, from 2010 to 2011.
John Bannerman, Baron Bannerman of Kildonan, played for Scotland national rugby union team, which began on 22 January 1921 and ended on 16 March 1929.
The New Schools Network, founded in 2009, is a London based organization.
Alessandro Matri played for Cagliari Calcio between 2007 and 2011.
Ghusian is a village in Bihar, India.
The Zafar Ali Stadium is located in Sahiwal, Pakistan.
Aleksandr Solop began his career in 1993 with FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny.
Saint James Windward Parish is located in the administrative region of Nevis, Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The SSETI Express Satellite was launched on 27 October 2005 from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome Site 132.
The Elsinboro Township School District is located in Elsinboro Township, New Jersey, United States.
Valour building is an office building in Ottawa, Canada.
The D.B. Wilson Generating Station is a coal-fired power station in Kentucky, United States.
Jack Newman played for the England cricket team from 1906 to 1930.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos started his career with Al-Shamal SC in 2014. He retired in 2015.
Nicole Ohlde began her career in 2009 with the Phoenix Mercury.
Diana Ossana, who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for Brokeback Mountain, is also the winner of the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay in 2005.
Don Tobin played for the Canton Invaders between 1983 and 1987.
A Letter for Evie stars Marsha Hunt (actress, born 1917), Hume Cronyn and was produced by Cedric Gibbons.
The Rikuu West Line is connected to the Uetsu Main Line at Sakata Station (Yamagata) and Amarume Station.
Luigi Pareyson began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 18 September 1991.
Stuckey's, a business founded in 1937, is located in Eastman, Georgia.
Gabriel Christoni Leite played for Oeste Futebol Clube, which was started on January 1st 2011.
Dunwich Forest is a nature reserve operated by the Suffolk Wildlife Trust in the United Kingdom.
The Grand Central Terminal was designed by Warren and Wetmore and opened on February 2, 1913. It is located at the intersection of Harlem 125th Street and is adjacent to the Harlem-125th Street station.
Wheeling Stogies play in the United States and are a baseball team.
Karampon is a human settlement in the Jaffna District, Sri Lanka.
Nanukalan is a village in Haryana in India.
The mountain T'uquyuq is part of the Cordillera Negra in Peru.
The Stockholm Palace, part of the Crown Palaces in Sweden, is included in this list.
The book Report from Practically Nowhere was written by John Sack and originates from the United States.
Katarina Hultling, who speaks Swedish, has been married to Claes Sjöberg. Albert Svanberg is her partner.
The T. J. Walker Historic District is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Peter Breuer worked in Berlin from 1877 to 1879.
Ezio Meneghello played for Inter Milan, which began in 1937 and ended in 1940.
Romain Cabannes played for Biarritz Olympique from 2006 to 2009.
The Hill House School was founded in Knightsbridge in 1958 and was established in 1951.
Phillip Hughes played for the Australia national cricket team between 26 February 2009 and 12 October 2014.
Tymal Mills played for the Auckland cricket team between 2016 and 2017.
Attila Kun started his career in 1970 with FC UTA Arad and ended it in 1974.
Oleg Sergeyev started his career in 1998 with FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Juriy Cannarsa began his career with S.S. Arezzo in 2010.
Jayme Stone won the Juno Award for World Music Album of the Year in 2009.
Michel Hazanavicius won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director for The Artist in 2011.
Sergei Alexeyev was born in Oryol, in the Soviet Union. Oryol is located in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Nikolai Latysh started his career in 1986 with FC Spartak Moscow.
Antonio Di Gaudio, also known as Antonio, is a human being who played for Carpi FC 1909.
The book When Hell Was in Session was written by Jeremiah Denton and published in 1976.
Cabo Gracias a Dios is a landform in Honduras, located in the Caribbean Sea.
Eskatul is a human settlement in Zebak District, Afghanistan.
Volodymyr Yezerskiy played for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv between 1997 and 1998.
Western Metropolitan Region is one of the electoral regions of Victoria, Australia.
The Old School Museum is located in New South Wales, Australia.
Chervyen District is located in the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic and its capital is Chervyen. Its borders are Barysaw District.
James Debbah started playing for OGC Nice in 1995 and finished his career in 1997.
The leader of Berlin was Otto Suhr who started his career on 11 January 1955 and ended it on 30 August 1957.
TEDA Holding is a business in Tianjin that was founded in December 1984.
Vallikkunnu State Assembly constituency is located in the state of Kerala, India.
The launch of Kosmos 2446 occurred at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome Site 16 on 2 December 2008.
David de la Fuente started his career in 2003 with Vini Caldirola.
Adedayo Adebayo played for the England national rugby union team from 1996 to 1998.
Mick Cronin played rugby league for Parramatta Eels, he started playing for them in 1977 and ended his career in 1986.
Woodroffe Avenue is a road in Ottawa, Canada.
Dalola Union Council is located in Abbottabad District, Pakistan.
The Wight Seaplane is a floatplane built by J. Samuel White, in the United Kingdom.
Filipe Duarte played for the club S.L. Benfica B between 2004 and 2005.
The Texas Hurricanes, a sports team based in the United States, play American football.
Giovanni Battista Tassara was born in the Kingdom of Italy (from 17 March 1861 until 5 October 1916).
Howick Farmhouse, Itton, United Kingdom is a Grade II* listed building.
The headquarters of Industrial Promotion Services are in Nairobi and the company was founded in 1963. The company does business in the area of industrial promotion.
Mohamed Zidan played for Baniyas Club between 2012 and 2013.
Aberllefenni is a village in Gwynedd, in the United Kingdom.
Douglas Packer, who began his career in 2014, played for Treze Futebol Clube.
Ash McGregor was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began play on 18 October 1978 and ended on 18 November 1978.
Igor Stravinsky won the Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance in 1962 and 1967.
Pineapple Smash Crew, developed by RichMakeGame, is distributed by Valve Corporation and has a digital distribution format.
Kendrick Lamar is the performer of the song, "Loyalty" which was followed by "New Freezer".
Gooderham/Pencil Lake Water Aerodrome is located in Ontario, Canada. The airport is in the same area.
The Grundtvig International Secondary School in Nigeria was established in 1998.
The Devil and Daniel Webster is published by Farrar & Rinehart and is written in English. It won the O. Henry Award.
Giovanni Lopez started with S.S. Lazio in 1997 and finished his career in 1998.
Alena Amialiusik started playing for Bepink in 2012 and finished her career in 2014.
Port Eads is an unincorporated community in Louisiana, United States.
Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers is an educational institution in the United States. It was founded in 1976.
Fabio Celestini played for Levante UD from 2004 to 2005.
Joe Partridge played for the South African national cricket team from 1963 to 1965.
Miguel Mostto played for the Peru national football team between 2003 and 2007.
Donaldo Gonzalez played for the Panama national football team between 1996 and 2006.
Line 1 Yonge-University is connected to College station which is in Toronto. The station was opened on 30 March 1954 and is adjacent to Dundas station.
Marco Freitas began his career in 2003 with FC Felgueiras.
McGrew, Wisconsin is a ghost town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
Davy Fitzgerald played for Sixmilebridge GAA from 1989 until 2011.
Leonardo Spinazzola started his career in 2015 and is a member of the A.C. Perugia Calcio. During the loan acquisition process, he played for A.C. Perugia Calcio.
Kennedy Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada, located in the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District.
Chappell & Co Ltd v Nestle Co Ltd was a legal case from the United Kingdom, where the Judicial functions of the House of Lords can be found.
Severino Lojodice played for A.S. Roma between 1956 and 1959.
Bonnyville Beach is a human settlement in Alberta, Canada.
Andrea Guerra started his career in 2001 with S.S.D. Palermo and retired in 2003.
Jack Atlas, a.k.a. Jack, studied at Tufts University and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
R.P. Singh played for the Uttar Pradesh cricket team between 2003 and 2015.
Electro-Motive Diesel, who made the EMC E4, started making it in October 1938 and ended production in December 1939.
Colyers is a ward in the London Borough of Bexley in the United Kingdom.
Slovenia, a nation at the Games, was represented at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014.
Holworthy Hall is a dormitory in Massachusetts, in the United States.
The 2018 Wexford Senior Hurling Championship is a hurling competition that is held in the Republic of Ireland.
Roberto Rojas was a member of the Chile national football team, from 1983 to 1989.
Luis Alberto Perea began his career in 2012 with FC Dallas.
The Face Rock State Scenic Viewpoint is a state park in Oregon, in the United States.
Vlade Lazarevski played for Polonia Warsaw between 2008 and 2009.
Alex Basso started his career in 1990 with Real Santa Barbara.
Alberto Rivera Pizarro, who began his career in 2002, played for Levante UD, ending his career in 2005.
Dino Fava started his career in 2000 and finished his career in 2002. He played for Varese Calcio.
Ferdinand Keller was a footballer who played for the Germany national football team. He began his career in 1975 and finished his career in 1975.
The SS City of Milwaukee was operated by the Grand Trunk Milwaukee Car Ferry Company, which began in 1931 and ended in 1978.
Gianluca Litteri's club is Cosenza Calcio. He was acquired by Cosenza Calcio on 30 January 2019 and his last match was 30 June 2021.
Alberto Marcos Rey played for Real Madrid Castilla between 1993 and 1995.
Pachim Samaria is a village in Kamrup district, India.
The Oatlands Railway is located in Tasmania, Australia. It is a track rail transport.
The Marengo Wind Farm is located in the United States in the Washington state.
Tony Allin played for Devon County Cricket Club, making his debut in 1975.
The company Barfield was founded in 1945 and is located in Miami. The company's main business is making furniture.
Jankowy is a village in Poland, in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, in the administrative territory of Gmina Baranow.
Jacob Dehn Andersen played for Randers FC between 2012 and 2015.
Palung Mainadi, Nepal, is a village development committee in Palpa District.
Umed Alidodov started with Hima Dushanbe in 2004.
Marius Radu played for FC Sopron between 2006 and 2007.
Roger Marche played for Stade de Reims from 1944 to 1954.
Gökçek Vederson started his career in 2003 and has played for Esporte Clube Juventude.
Santi Chaiyaphuak started his career in 2004 and ended his career in 2008. He has also played for Tampines Rovers FC.
Tallinna Hipodroom is a sports venue in Estonia which was founded in 1923.
John Gater stars in the 5th series of Time Team which has an episode.
Kang Sheng was the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 30 August 1973 to 16 December 1975.
Spring Hill is a census-designated place in Hernando County, Florida, in the United States.
Zuhaitz Gurrutxaga began his career in 2003 with Algeciras CF.
Porter Square is a neighbourhood in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S.
Mavelikara Lok Sabha constituency is located in the administrative territory of Kerala, India.
The Tower Hill State Game Reserve is located in Victoria, Australia. The reserve is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The North Bay Police Service is a law enforcement agency in Canada that was established in 1882.
Giovanni Gallina was a member of the Italian national football team which started on 1 January 1914.
Mario Meneghetti played for the Italian national football team, which began in 1920 and ended in 1920.
USA Water Polo is a water polo sport that was founded in the United States in 1978.
The Te Kooti Trail is from New Zealand and was originally shown in English. It was directed by Rudall Hayward.
FC Dinamo Gagra is an association football club from Georgia.
Shenington is a village in Shenington with Alkerton, United Kingdom.
Horst Fleps played for Chicago Shoccers who started in 1985. He retired in 1986.
Ricky Hyslop composed the music for the TV series The True North which was originally shown in English.
Erik Lamela, who started in 2011 with A.S. Roma, ended his career in 2013.
Meiuste, located in Saaremaa Parish, is a village in Estonia.
Trondos is a Trondheim based business which was founded in 1970.
Artesia station, which is connected to the Blue Line of the Los Angeles Metro, was opened on July 14, 1990. It is located adjacent to Compton station.
Lea Nudelman, a chess player, comes from Israel. Her sporting activity is human chess.
Alyaksandr Tsishkevich's club was FC Slavia Mozyr, he started his career at the club in 2011.
George Ritchie, a human being, was born in 1909 and played for the Scottish national rugby union team.
Graham T. Allison graduated from Harvard University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1968.
Mohsen Labidi was a member of the Tunisia national football team between 1977 and 1980.
Brad Shaw, a human, played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals.
The Evan Anthem is a rock and pop band from the United States that was formed in 2003.
Papa Malick Ba played for FC Basel between 2005 and 2008.
Meadow Brook Hall, located in Michigan, United States, is a National Historic Landmark.
Hans Kosterlitz, who was born in the United Kingdom, won the Harvey Prize in 1981.
Nicola Bellomo played for the Italy national under-21 football B team between 2012 and 2013.
The Deadman's Cay Airport is located on Long Island, Bahamas.
Dinny Lowry played for the Republic of Ireland national football team, which started in 1962. He ended his career in 1962.
Derek Spence played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, he started his career in 1982 and retired in 1983.
The Kaunisvaara mine is located in Sweden and produces iron ore.
Aleksandre Gogoberishvili played for FC Merani Tbilisi, he began his career in 1996 and ended his career in 1997.
Tamastirth is a village in India, located in the Ratnagiri district.
Celso Posio, who started his career in 1950, played for Brescia Calcio, ending his career in 1954.
Shaki District was established on the 31st of August 1991 in Azerbaijan. The country's Soviet Socialist Republic ended on the 30th of August 1991.
Emmy Murphy graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno in 2007. She graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree.
Aupee Karim, a Bengali speaking individual, graduated from the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology.
Luis Fernando Centi was part of the A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909 club which started in 2010.
The Shopska salad, which has tomato as one of its ingredients, originates from Bulgaria.
David Hannah began his career in 2007 and ended his career in 2008. He played for Fylkir.
Iucundiana in Algeria was established in 1933 and is a titular see.
The Dark Knight won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain on 31 May 2009, Heath Ledger was the winner of that award.
The book Dhammapada was written by Eknath Easwaran and published in 1986.
The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources is a government agency located in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.
The Mountainaire Hotel Historic District is located in Arkansas, United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gunma 4th district is located in Gunma Prefecture, Japan. It is a district of the House of Representatives in Japan.
Masatoshi Akimoto, who represented the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, was elected to the Liberal Democratic Party in the 2014 Japanese general election. Akimoto's epoch is Chiba 9th district.
Fyodor Smolov started his career in 2015 and ended it in August 2018. He plays for FC Krasnodar.
The Qizil Ulduz Medal, which was created on 25 March 1992, is from Azerbaijan.
Robert Kemp Philp is the author of Enquire Within upon Everything, a book in English.
Sakurai Station ( Nara ) is adjacent to Yamato-Asakura Station which is on the Osaka Line. Yamato-Asakura Station is located towards Ise-Nakagawa Station.
William St Clair Grant was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team which started on 3 March 1873 and ended on 23 February 1874.
Glazert Water is a river in East Dunbartonshire, United Kingdom.
Haddon, Gauteng, is a town in the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality, in South Africa.
Wentbridge is a village in Darrington, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
Manchirevula is a village in Telangana, India.
Robert Wedgeworth worked for the American Library Association from 1972 to 1985.
The Green Lake Aerodrome is in British Columbia, Canada and is an airport in that country.
Andrei Frascarelli, who began his career in 1991, played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras. He retired in 1993.
Raphael Botti started his career on 1 January 2012 and ended it on 1 January 2014. He played for Figueirense FC.
Hannes Anier started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013. He is a member of the Odense Boldklub.
Urbia Meléndez is a human being who competed in Taekwondo at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She competed in Taekwondo at the 2000 Summer Olympics - Women's 49 kg.
Magumeri is located in Borno State in Nigeria and is a district.
Jérémy Mathieu played for the France national football B team, which started in 2007.
Seven Springs, Pennsylvania (United States), is a borough located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania.
Terry Goode is a human being who played for Kettering Town F.C.
Jose Roberto de Oliveira started his career with Kashiwa Reysol in 2004.
Mahala Gomionica is a human settlement in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Hakim Malek played for FC Martigues between 1998 and 1999.
Tsvetan Veselinov was a member of the Bulgaria national football team. He started playing for the team in 1968 and ended his career in 1971.
The Hall of Game Awards (established in 2011) are based in the United States.
The Blackpool Cricket Club is based in the United Kingdom.
Bauneg Beg Mountain is located in Maine, in the United States.
Kjell Moe was born in Fredrikstad, he started playing for Fredrikstad FK in 1938 and finished in 1945.
The 1999 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Lu Bofei played for the China national football team between 2008 and 2008.
Anil Kapoor won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for Tezaab in 1989.
The RiverBrink Art Museum is located in Queenston, Canada.
Alfred Bickel was a member of the Swiss national football team, which started in 1936 and finished in 1954.
Aveion Cason is a human being who plays as a running back for the Los Angeles Rams.
Broad View Ranch Historic District is located in Iowa, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Savanna Samson won the AVN Award for Best Actress in 2004 and 2006.
Glauber Rodrigues da Silva started his career in Macae Esporte Futebol Clube in 2009.
Ilampokhari is a village development committee in the Lamjung District of Nepal.
Michael Lett, whose given name is Michael, is a human being who plays for St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Gary Dillon began his National Hockey League career in 1980 and finished his career in 1981.
Sergio Peter began his career in 2009 with AC Sparta Prague.
Anson County Schools is a school district located in Anson County, North Carolina, United States.
Nigalchula is a village development committee in Salyan District, Nepal.
San Juan Bautista lo de Soto is located in the Oaxaca municipality of Mexico.
Torbothie is a village in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom.
Johnny Moore played for Kansas City Comets from 1981 to 1982.
Abberley Hall School is a boarding school in Worcester which was founded in 1921.
Paulinowo is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk.
Marotandrano is a commune in Mandritsara District, Madagascar.
WLIQ is a radio station located in Quincy, Illinois, United States.
Tibor Szabo ( footballer , born 1977 )'s football career began in 2002 with FC Volgar Astrakhan.
The Samba Gold award is for association football and was established in 2008.
Angelo Vaccaro played for Stuttgarter Kickers from 2007 to 2008.
Brightons is a village in the Falkirk council area of the United Kingdom.
Herring Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in New Brunswick, Canada. It is located in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.
Pasanauri is a human settlement in the Dusheti Municipality of Georgia.
The LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-0, designed by George Ivatt, was manufactured at Crewe Works. The wheel arrangement of the class 2 2-6-0 is 2-6-0.
The 1980 ECAC North Men's Basketball Tournament was held in the 1980 season.
Anchal is a human settlement in the Kollam district of India.
Ivan Starkov's club was FC Titan Klin, he started with them in 2004.
Yanko Georgiev played for PFC Naftex Burgas between 2008 and 2009.
The song "A Chance" was written in the United States and was followed by That's Why I'm Here. The song is the sequel to "She's Got It All".
John Terborgh is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and works in the field of conservation biology. He is employed at Duke University.
The Rozabal Line is written in English and published by Lulu.com. The book is about India.
Murray Creed started his career in 2001 and finished his career in 2002. He plays for the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board.
The Welch Award in Chemistry, won by JoAnne Stubbe, is an affiliation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She received the Welch Award in Chemistry in 2010.
Greenmount Homestead, located in the state of Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Anush Mahalleh is a village in Gilan Province, Iran.
Captiva is a census-designated place in Lee County, Florida, in the United States.
Jukal is a village in India, located in Telangana.
Ithihasa is a fantasy film from India. The original language of the film is Malayalam.
Juan Carlos Rojo, known as Juan Carlos, is a human being who plays for Palamos CF.
The Yue Station, Oe Station and the Nagasaki Main Line are connected. The station was opened on 24 March 1934.
The Selkirk Fishermen are an ice hockey team in Canada.
Rooksbury Mill is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom. It is a mill that is used for the grinding of flour.
Lilian Cole was a member of the Nigeria women's national football team which began play in 2008.
German submarine U-1223 was part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla which started on 1 August 1944 and ended on 29 December 1944.
Hunter Morris played for the Salt River Rafters team which began play on October 15th 2010. Hunter Morris ended his career on November 18th 2010.
Gerard van Swieten graduated from the Royal Society with a Doctorate. Herman Boerhaave was his doctoral adviser.
La Paloma is a human settlement in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Luigi Traglia started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career on 22 November 1977.
Rinar Valeyev's club is FC Dacia Chisinau. He started playing for the club in June 2016 and retired in July 2016.
Skye of Curr is a human settlement in the Highland council area, in the United Kingdom.
Jose Carlos de Almeida was a member of the Brazilian national football team, which he started his career with in 1998.
Marc Moss is the surname of Marc Moss, who graduated from Columbia University School of the Arts.
Sultanbekovo is a hamlet in Russia, located in or next to the Sars River.
The Kilmogue Portal Tomb is in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.
The Matthew Marks Gallery is located in Manhattan, United States.
Vasil Bozhikov played for OFC Gigant Saedinenie which he played for between 2006 and 2008.
Ben Zemanski played for Chivas USA between 2010 and 2012.
Los Gatos Salvajes are a rock and pop band from Argentina. They play Beat music.
Carlos Galván played for the Racing Club de Avellaneda, which he started in 1992 and ended in 1998.
Takuya Sugiyama played for FC Gifu, his team, from 2006 to 2006.
Aston, Wem Rural, Shropshire is a village in the United Kingdom.
Tarpon Springs Depot is a train station in Tarpon Springs, Florida, United States.
Keene Township is located in Ionia County, Michigan, in the United States.
Margaret Leech won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1942 and 1960.
Deylaman District is a Bakhsh in Siahkal County, Iran.
Keiju Karashima played for Kyoto Sanga FC between 1998 and 1999.
José Luis Vegar started his career with SD Huesca in 2008. He retired in 2010.
Dina Nagar Assembly constituency is located in Punjab, India.
Ekaterina Knebeleva's team is the Al'Asayl Cycling Team, she started her career in 2018.
Anna Min is a Korean American. She attended South High School in Minneapolis.
Julien Bailleul began his career in 2009 and ended it in 2010. He played for R.A.E.C. Mons.
Nelson Stepanyan was awarded the Order of Lenin on 9 June 1942 and the Order of Lenin on 23 October 1942.
Adamo Rossi was from the Kingdom of Italy, which he was a member of, beginning on 17 March 1861 and ending on 22 February 1891.
Basirhat Dakshin is a constituency of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly, located in the Basirhat Lok Sabha constituency, in India.
Caroline Dormon lives in Natchitoches, Louisiana and is a member of the Society of American Foresters. She uses her profession as a human being.
Hetoa Kaio plays for Tuvalu, which began its football career in 2007.
Andrea Seastrand graduated from DePaul University in 1963 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
The 1927 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team played American football in the 1927 season.
Josef Adelbrecht played for Floridsdorfer AC, which was a member of the club when it started in 1941.
The Glacier Park Company is a hotel group based in the United States. The company's parent organization is the Great Northern Railway.
Limburgse Handbal Dagen is a handball tournament in the Netherlands.
The Young Ladies Radio League is a United States organization that was founded in 1939.
Afshin Hajipour plays as a midfielder for Esteghlal FC. He is a human being.
Samadagha Shikhlarov played for the Soviet Union national football team. He started his career in 1982.
Dilbar Abdurahmonova was born in Moscow, in the Soviet Union, in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Paul Scurti played for the San Diego Jaws who began play in 1976.
The Scott Statue is a sculpture depicting Robert Falcon Scott that is found in New Zealand.
The 2010 Tipperary senior hurling team season was played in 2010.
Wat Tham Khao Wong, located in Ban Rai, is a wat in Thailand.
Linda B. Buck won the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Richard Axel.
Having started his career in 1991, Émile Mbouh, played for Sport Benfica e Castelo Branco, ending his career in 1992.
Zalbki is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity.
John P. Livadary was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing for the film You Were Never Lovelier. The film was nominated at the 15th Academy Awards.
Texas State Highway Spur 341 was established in 1960 and is a road in the United States.
Peter Burge (born Peter) is a human being who plays rugby for the New South Wales Waratahs.
KXTO is a radio station in the United States which is located in the state of Nevada.
Keiichi Misawa played for Vissel Kobe between 2007 and 2008.
Yan Vorogovskiy is a midfielder who plays for the Kazakhstan national under-21 football team. He is a human being.
The German language film Agathe kann's nicht lassen was produced by Degeto Film. The musical score for the film is by Otto M. Schwarz.
Gustavo Savoia began his career in 2005 and ended it in 2006. He played for the club Olimpo.
Idir Ouali began his career in 2010 with Le Mans FC and ended it in 2012.
FC Aarau player Erich Brabec started his career in 2006 and retired in 2007.
Wayne County in Michigan (owned by Detroit Metropolitan Airport) is different from Wayne County in North Carolina and Wayne County, Utah.
Eladio Silvestre started playing for FC Barcelona B in 1961. He retired in 1962.
The highest point of the Auas Mountains, Namibia, is Moltkeblick.
Erbim Fagu played for KF Elbasani, he started his career in 2008 and ended his career in 2009.
Andrey Kazaryn played for FC Smorgon between 2008 and 2009.
Matthias Breitkreutz started his career in 1988 with Berliner FC Dynamo and retired in 1989.
Robbie Haemhouts played for Almere City FC. He started his career in 2009 and retired in 2010.
Leopold Neubauer competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and was a member of the Vienna Sportclub. He was also a human being.
The Hillhouse Opera Company is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 2008.
Kingbright, a business founded in 1980, is located in Taipei.
Street Food Around the World is an English language TV series that originates from Israel.
Alvik metro station is adjacent to Kristineberg metro station, which is in East of Alvik. The Green Line is connected to this station.
Daniel Bashta is the performer of For Every Curse, an album which was released in 2015.
The Kensington Plantation House, a building in the United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Comb Wash, an Arroyo Creek, is located in San Juan County, Utah, United States.
Davide Capello began his career in 2003 with Cagliari Calcio and ended his career in 2005.
Gulfsat, a business created in 1995, is located in Kuwait City.
Julien Cools played for K.V.C. Westerlo between 1984 and 1986.
Farmington School District is located in Arkansas, United States.
Eduardo Ferreira was a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team which began their career in 2013.
Henry Lehrman is the producer of Phoney Photos, which originates from the United States. The copyright of Phoney Photos is in the public domain.
Catullus 49 is a poem written in Latin by Catullus.
Debden tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station, which is on the Central line of the London Underground. Loughton tube station is towards White City tube station.
Mezo Basa is a village in Nagaland, India.
The Armor Modeling and Preservation Society is a United States organization that was established in July 1993.
Alessandro Tulli played for Piacenza Calcio 1919 from 2008 to 2010.
Deedarganj railway station is adjacent to Patna Sahib railway station which is on the Asansol-Patna section. The station is located towards Patna Junction railway station.
Abdelaziz Kamara played for AS Saint-Étienne, starting in 2000 and ending in 2006.
Alexei Beletski's spouse is Natalia Gudina. They compete in ice dance.
Dobrnje is located in the Petrovac municipality, Serbia. It is a human settlement.
Ardmore City Schools is a school district located in Oklahoma, United States.
John Brass was a member of the Australian national rugby union team which began play on 4 June 1966 and ended on 2 November 1968.
Tom Dewdney played for the West Indies cricket team between 1955 and 1958.
Dugauli Khurd is a village in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Massamba Sambou represented Senegal, where he started his career in 2007.
Paul Coppo is a human ice hockey player.
The 1888 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship is a hurling championship in the Republic of Ireland.
François Bellugou started playing for Montpellier HSC in 2006. He retired in 2007.
Vasily Zhurnevich started his career with FC Lida in March 2019. He retired in August 2019.
The Hurley River is located in British Columbia, Canada.
Gerardo Berodia started his career in 2009 and ended it in 2010. He played for the club SD Ponferradina.
The 1st Valley Bank, a banking business founded in 1956, is located in Baroy, Lanao del Norte.
Lake Nash Station (Australian agriculture) is located in the Northern Territory, Australia.
The Soyuz TM-7, which was launched on 27 April 1989 from Kazakhstan, had a significant event in its landing.
Gorji Bayan is a village in the Kermanshah Province of Iran.
Knox County Courthouse is located in Rockland, Maine, United States.
Jenny Owens played for the Australia national cricket team, which began her career in 1987 and ended in 1987.
Srirangam marriage hall fire is a structure fire in Srirangam, India.
Willie Miller, born in 1924, was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, which started in 1947 and ended in 1948.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda XRE300, which is a motorcycle model that followed the Honda XR250R and XR250L.
The song "Got Love" was performed by WSTRN and was released on 2 December 2015.
Mazhnabad is a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Mounir Diane began his career in 2008 and finished his career in 2010. He was a member of the R.A.E.C. Mons.
Mark Watts played for Wiltshire County Cricket Club from 1984 to 1988.
Charlie Goodrum, whose given name is Charlie, plays for Minnesota Vikings. He is also a human being.
Roxborough-Manayunk is a neighbourhood in Philadelphia, United States.
Founded in 1987, FundAmerica is a New York state based company that offers business services to its customers.
Juliano Spadacio, who began his career in 2002, played for the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. He ended his career in 2003.
Laurence Abrams, whose given name is Laurence, is a human being who plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Pascal Renier played for S.V. Zulte Waregem, where he started in 2004 and finished in 2005.
Kihachi Okamoto won the Japan Academy Film Prize for Director of the Year in 1992 for his work on Rainbow Kids.
Meharama is a community development block in India, located in the Jharkhand region.
Franck Tanasi played for AS Poissy who started playing in 1991, ending in 1992.
The Udaipur Solar Observatory is located in Udaipur, India.
The Golden Bagel Award, which is a tennis award, was created in 2004.
Juniata Township is in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The first flight of the Millennium Master, a subclass of aircraft, was on 27 May 2006 and is from Italy.
Ivan Bagramyan was awarded the Gold Star on 29 July 1944 and the 1 December 1977.
Maurice Dubofsky is a human being who played for the New York Giants.
The Anuradhapura Museum is located in the city of Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka.
Veshab is a human settlement in the Sughd region of Tajikistan.
Erastus Brainerd, a human being, graduated from Harvard University.
Louis Peter Boitard worked in Paris, starting in 1739 and ending in 1745.
Nielsen Park is in New South Wales, Australia.
The University of Chicago Oriental Institute was founded by James Henry Breasted and the building was opened in 1919.
The Green Line of Dallas Area Rapid Transit is connected to the Lake June station which opened on 6 December 2010 and has Buckner station as an adjacent station.
Fort Berens, a ghost town in Canada, was established in 1859.
Liam Killeen, whose given name is Liam, competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games in the sport of Mountain biking.
Patrick Falk started playing for Eintracht Frankfurt in 1999 and ended his career in 2000.
Nightcore is a music genre from Norway which was created in 2002.
Big Mama Thornton is the performer of the song Hound Dog, which was released in March 1953.
John Chamberlain, a sculptor who is part of the Abstract expressionism movement, has works in the collection of Tate.
Philippe Fargeon played for AJ Auxerre, starting in 1984 and ending in 1985.
The Bolshoy Krasnokholmsky Bridge, a deck arch bridge made of concrete, is in Russia.
Tamás Nagy ( footballer , born 1976 ) played for B36 Tórshavn, which started his career on 1 January 2008.
Olivier Blondel started his career in 1996 with FC Rouen and finished his career in 1997.
The 2007 Ryedale District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2007.
Galen Young played for the Grand Rapids Hoops team from 1999 to 2000.
Aleksandr Khlebnikov began his career in 2005 with FC Lukhovitsy.
Martien Houtkooper played for the Netherlands national football team between 1912 and 1919.
Last Child's album Our Biggest Thing Ever was released in 2012.
Pietro Sassi was born in the Kingdom of Italy, where he was a national from 17 March 1861 to 30 December 1905.
Alan Carlet played for Cagliari Calcio, starting in 1996 and ending in 1997.
Marllon Borges played for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, he started his career in 2010 and ended his career in 2013.
Charles Watts ( cricketer , born 1905 ) played for Essex County Cricket Club, which he started in 1928.
Juabeso District is in the Western Region of Ghana.
In 1808 and 1815 Claude-Louis Mathieu won the Lalande Prize.
Graham James was the Bishop of Norwich from 1999, the year he succeeded Peter Nott as bishop.
The New Haven Eagles are an ice hockey team from the United States.
Closed Chambers is a book written by Edward Lazarus and published in 1998.
Oleksandr Andriyevskyi played for the Ukraine national under 17 football team, which started in 2011.
Sylvain Wiltord played for FC Girondins de Bordeaux from 1997 to 2000.
Alessandro Faria played for the El Paso Patriots, who began in 2000.
Niel Morgan played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club between 1928 and 1929.
John Charles Wester served as Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salt Lake City. He succeeded George Hugh Niederauer.
James Lawrie played for the Northern Ireland national football B team. He started his career in the team in 2009 and finished it in 2010.
Rainer Bieli started playing for FC Concordia Basel in 2007. He retired in 2009.
Joystick Labs is a video game industry business headquartered in Durham, North Carolina.
The Chicago Journal of International Law is an English language law review published by the University of Chicago Law School.
Tom Felton won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, which was released on June 6th 2010.
Satyajit Ray was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 1976, for his art work.
Sergei Gazdanov started his career in 1988 with PFC CSKA Moscow.
Serhiy Zakarlyuka played for FC Vorskla Poltava, a team he started with in 2011.
Globcal International is a non-profit organization founded in Belmopan in 2009.
Manfred Pamminger played for SC Rheindorf Altach between 2008 and 2010.
O2 Czech Republic is located in Prague, Czech Republic, at Za Brumlovkou street.
Irakli Chezhiya played for FC Arsenal-2 Tula, where he started in 2014.
Martin City, Montana is a census-designated place in Flathead County, Montana, United States.
Karl Wiesenburg, whose name is Carl, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is an advocate for human rights.
Jay Witasick is relative to Paloma. He played for the San Francisco Giants and the Colorado Rockies.
Kathryn Bertine started her career on 28 April 2015 and ended her career on 31 December 2015. She plays for the BMW p/b Happy Tooth Dental team.
Roland Petersen is a human being who was awarded a Fulbright Program.
Wemtinga is a human settlement in the Kombissiri Department of Burkina Faso.
The company SPiDCOM, founded in 2002, is a business located in Paris.
Félicité Hamidouche played for INF Clairefontaine, which he started with in 2006. He retired in 2007.
Francisco Assis dos Santos, also known as Francisco, is a human being who plays for the Sociedade Esportiva do Gama.
Dida Forest is in Burkina Faso and is a protected area under the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
Central Park is located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Tafetachte is a rural commune in Essaouira Province, Morocco.
Longxan District is located in the Xaisomboun Province, Laos.
Missy Elliott won the Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance in 2003 and 2004.
Mugaiyur is a village in Tamil Nadu, India.
The list of Cleveland sports teams is a list of sports team from Cleveland, United States.
The bronze sculpture of Square Forms and Circles was created by Barbara Hepworth in 1963.
Emil Gargorov played for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad from 2011 to 2013.
Susan N. Herman began her career as chairperson of the American Civil Liberties Union in October 2008.
Schaper Toys, a business founded in 1949, is headquartered in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
Morihiko Hiramatsu is a human being who speaks Japanese and won the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
Ashti, Gadchiroli is in the Gadchiroli district of India and is a human-geographic territory.
The 2012 Wyre Forest District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Gomnes is an urban settlement in Hole, Norway, as defined by Statistics Norway.
Sarai Alamgir is a human settlement in the Gujrat District of Pakistan.
The Brazilian national football team began play in 1988 and ended in 1998. Andre Cruz was a member of that team.
Italo Alaimo started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career on 17 July 1967.
Katavadi is a village in the Pune district of India.
The LSWR C14 class was manufactured at Nine Elms Locomotive Works between September 1906 and September 1910.
Duppelli is a village in India, Valigonda.
Pedro Duhart played for the France national football team between 1935 and 1937.
The human being Costa Christo Kapothanasis plays as a pitcher.
Erasmus Reinhold worked in Wittenberg, a city he started in 1536. He finished his work in Wittenberg in 1553.
Johnny Menyongar played for Minnesota Thunder between 2000 and 2005.
Senin Sebai played for FC Saxan, he started playing for the club on January 1, 2014 and finished his career on January 1, 2015.
The Stavrovouni Monastery is located on a mountain in Cyprus.
The Charm City Roller Girls is a roller derby league in the United States. It was founded in 2005.
Antonio Banfi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 30 September 1886 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Nicky Kuiper started his career in 2008 and ended it in 2009. He is a member of the SBV Vitesse team.
Vladimir Arsenyev was a Russian Empire (starting August 29, 1872) member who ended his career on September 1, 1917.
The Bloom Site is an archaeological site in the United States. It has been declared a National Historic Landmark.
The North Shore is a neighbourhood in Pittsburgh, United States.
Sergey Grishin ( footballer , born 1973 ) played for the Russia national football team, which started in 1997 and finished in 1997.
Namdarpura is a village in the Bhopal district of India.
Consuelo Field is an airstrip in Consuelo, Dominican Republic.
Olympique de Marseille player, Emmanuel Aznar, scored the goal in the Coupe de France Final, 1943 Coupe de France Final.
Six Corners/Maple Heights is a historic district in Springfield, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Gujanatti is a village in India which is located in the Gokak taluk.
The Department of Education in Tasmania is a government agency located in Hobart, Australia.
The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter is published by Chaosium and is considered horror literature. Dave Carson is the illustrator of the book.
The Hounds of Tindalos is a horror book written in English and published by Arkham House.
Hennadiy Zhylkin began his career in 1995 with FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Felix Events Center is a sports venue in California, United States.
Yuuyami Doori Tankentai is a video game from Japan for the PlayStation.
The Municipal Art Gallery of Ioannina is located in Greece and was established in 1960. The Municipal Art Gallery of Ioannina is now a museum.
Ken Hough played for the New Zealand national cricket team who started in 1959 and finished in 1959.
John Stockton played for Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team from 1980 to 1984.
Brent Spence was a lawyer who started in 1895 and is located in Newport, Kentucky.
Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, has the capital city of Eau Claire and is bordered by Pepin County, Wisconsin.
The Tirebolu mine in Turkey produces copper.
Naiara Ves played for Levante UD Femenino between 2008 and 2010.
Andrew Jean-Baptiste played for Portland Timbers between 2012 and 2013.
Pancoast Creek is a natural watercourse located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Whites Landing is a census-designated place in Ohio, United States.
The Shire of Taroom is a local government area in Queensland, Australia.
Blue Bells Model School was founded in 1980 and is located in India.
Phillip Kellam, who is known by his given name, Phillip, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He speaks English.
Coll de Balaguer, a mountain pass in Spain, is in the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
Pio Chiaruttini was born in the Kingdom of Italy, where he started his career on 21 June 1901. He ended his career on 18 June 1946.
Fodil Hadjadj played for the club ASO Chlef between 2012 and 2013.
Samuelsons, a rock and pop band, originated in Sweden and perform country music.
Emerson Nunes is a human being who plays for the Ipatinga Esporte Clube team in Brazil.
Mamma Haidara Commemorative Library is located in Mali and is a member of the World Digital Library.
Yiannis Papadopoulos played for KS Cracovia, where he began his career in 2014.
Gert Günther Hoffmann is the voice actor of James T. Kirk in The Paradise Syndrome. Gert Günther Hoffmann is a German language speaker.
Panama City is the capital of Bay County, Florida, which is bordered by Walton County.
Nejc Plesec's club is NK Celje, he started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2014.
Myale is a human settlement in Bhamo District, Myanmar.
The Global Water Partnership, founded in 1996, is a Stockholm based organization.
Turku Student Village West is a residential area in Turku, Finland.
Sergio Rosas played for the club Lobos BUAP, he started his career in the same team in 2011.
Casey McGehee is a human being who plays for the Pittsburgh Pirates and San Francisco Giants.
Alyaksandr Chayka was a member of the PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara club, he started his career on 1 January 2000 and retired in 2001.
Paddy Roche played for FC Halifax Town from 1984 to 1989.
Thomas Rundqvist played in the National Hockey League from 1984 to 1985.
Anosy Tsararafa is a commune of Madagascar, located in the Farafangana district.
Calgary-Nose Creek was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. It was abolished in 2004.
Gros Morne Golf Resort is located in Canada and has a golf course.
Carbacid Investments is a business founded in 1961 in Nairobi.
Matej Rakovan played for the Slovakia national under-21 football team from 2011 to 2012.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies play in the USSF Division 2 Professional League, which was started in 2010.
German submarine U-680 was part of the 31st U-boat Flotilla, which began on 23 December 1943 and ended on 31 July 1944.
GLSEN is the founder of Ally Week, an awareness week which was founded in October 2005.
Bruce Hunter was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began play on 14 June 1970 and ended on 31 July 1971.
The album "A Low Down Dirty Shame" was released on November 8, 1994 and was released by Jive Records.
Taylor Rochestie began his career in March 2019 and ended his career in July 2019. He also played for Anhui Dragons.
Amiret El Hojjaj is located in the Monastir Governorate, in Tunisia.
The Hunter Line, which is connected to Aberdeen, New South Wales, is connected to Aberdeen railway station, which was opened on 20 October 1870 and is adjacent to Muswellbrook railway station.
The Perm Academic Theatre, which was started on March 14th 1927, ended on May 27th 1936 in Perm.
Giuseppe Santelli began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and finished his career on 9 March 1956.
Vullnet Basha is a midfielder who played for FC Sion. He is a human being.
The 2014 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom on 6 May 2014.
Leonid Khankevich played for FC Dnyapro Mogilev, where he began his career in March 2019. He finished his career in August 2019.
Arturo Navarro started his career in 2012 with CD Guijuelo and ended his career in 2013.
The Delaware River flows through the Alloway Creek, in the United States.
The Pedestrian Bridge over the Segre River, which is a footbridge, is in Spain.
Memory Lost, a Chinese language television show, originated in China.
Efrain Chacurian's club was Brooklyn Hispano, he started playing for the club in 1947 and retired in 1949.
The 19 June 1857 law is a French Statute which comes under the jurisdiction of France.
Rafael Forster started his career at Sport Club Internacional in 2010. He retired in 2011.
Inveralmond Community High School is a secondary school in West Lothian, United Kingdom.
Garr Bain District is located in Nimba County, Liberia.
Giorgio Morini began his career in 1967 with Inter Milan and finished his career in 1968.
The Manyata Embassy Business Park was founded in 2001 and is located in Bangalore.
Alberto Delgado ( Cuban footballer ) played for the Puerto Rico Islanders between 2005 and 2008.
Mauricio Segovia started with the Puerto Rico Islanders in 2006. He retired in 2007 and has played for the team.
Lisa Sari played for the Los Angeles Sol team, which began play on January 1, 2009.
Justin Timberlake won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction in 2007 and 2013.
Eric Oscroft played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club between 1950 and 1951.
Stockton Cricket Club is a cricket team based in the United Kingdom.
Metz Township is located in Presque Isle County, Michigan, in the U.S.
The Castleford Tigers, a sports club based in Spain, played in the 2009 season.
Evan Lee began his career in 2017 with Richmond Kickers and ended his career in 2018.
The Peninsula Museum of Art is an art museum in the United States. It was established in 2013.
Willy Brokamp played for AFC Ajax, from 1974 to 1976.
Androrangovola is a commune in Nosy Varika district, Madagascar.
Nagniangou is a human settlement in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
The Sea Hunter is an unmanned surface vehicle manufactured by Vigor Industrial and located in the United States.
Bill Lawton played for Lancashire County Cricket Club, making his debut in 1948.
Oleksiy Prytulyak's club was PFC Nyva Ternopil, where he started his career in 2009.
Thijs Bouma played for FC Twente between 2012 and 2014.
Ismaila Soro started his career at FC Gomel in 2017 and ended it in 2018.
Shuntokumichi Station is adjacent to Nagase Station, which is on the Osaka Line, and is located towards Ise-Nakagawa Station.
The launch of Soyuz TMA-17M, which was launched at Gagarin's Start, took place on July 22, 2015.
Khajuraho Dance Festival is located in the Madhya Pradesh region of India.
Herbert Burgess played for the England national football team between 1904 and 1906.
Lea Ann Miller, born Ann, competed for the United States with William Fauver.
Ishmail Kamara started his career with the Virginia Beach Mariners in 2006.
The company TalkFree was founded in 2003 in San Francisco. They do business as a company.
The 2013 Newcastle Knights season was the club's first season in Australia.
The Nintendo Entertainment System is the platform for Field Combat which was developed by the Tose company and is available via ROM cartridge.
The Alstom Coradia 1000 is a diesel multiple unit manufactured by the Alstom company in the United Kingdom.
The film Finding Nemo was premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on 18 May 2003.
Construction of the Granada Theatre in Sherbrooke began in 1928 and ended in 1929.
Geoff Alley played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, which was founded on 30 June 1926. He retired on 29 September 1928.
The 2010 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament was the season of the men's lacrosse.
Goodbye Hayabusa II: Haunted House is a professional wrestling event that takes place in Japan.
The Metropolitan Railway, which began service in May 1925, operated the Metropolitan Railway K Class until June 30, 1933.
MXenergy, a business founded in 1999, has its headquarters in Baltimore.
Ashland Community High School, located in the administrative territory of Maine, is a high school in North America, in the United States.
The film Stickmen, starring Paolo Rotondo, was made in New Zealand.
Kodyma Raion is located in the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which was established on 26 November 1924 and ended in August 1940.
Peter Tyndall is a human given name.
Khawhai is a human settlement found in the Champhai district of India.
Srinivas Rath received the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1999 for his work Tadeva Gaganam Saivadhara.
Herschel Bay is located in the administrative territory of Nunavut, Canada.
Colin Horsley was born in the United Kingdom, where the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927 was passed. Colin Horsley was a national of the UK, which ended on 12 April 1927.
The Skinny House is located in Deerfield, Illinois, United States and is a building.
Martin Samuelsson began his National Hockey League career in 2002 and ended his career in 2004.
The Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture was won by Jenny McCarthy, who worked on Dirty Love, in 2005.
Thomas Gray Hull was born Thomas Gray and graduated from Tusculum University. Thomas Gray Hull served in the United States Army.
Lucas Nilsson started his career with Lindsdals IF in 2007. He ended his career in 2008.
Barbara Simons, who chaired the Association for Computing Machinery, started her career in 1998 and retired in 2000.
Earl Boykins began his career in 2008 with the Charlotte Hornets.
The Maine Consolidated Elementary School District is located in the administrative territory of Arizona, United States.
David Boo Wiklander played for Qviding FIF from 1 January 2004 to 1 January 2009.
Titagarh is located in the Barrackpore subdivision of West Bengal, India.
Ellwood City Area School District is located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Ivo Nicolau played for the club G.D. Lagoa between 2008 and 2011.
Asparuh Vasilev played for FC Spartak Varna, which began his career in 2001 and ended in 2004.
German Builder's House is located in the United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Massif du Sud Wind Project is a wind farm in Quebec, Canada.
John Schwalger has played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began play on June 16th, 2007 and ended it on June 7th, 2008.
South Cleveland is a census-designated place in Bradley County, Tennessee, in the United States.
The State Railway of Thailand owns the Su-ngai Padi railway station in Thailand. This station is a train station.
The Sutlej Yamuna link canal is an interbasin transfer in India.
Alex Motter played in the National Hockey League from 1934 to 1943.
Hironori Saruta began his career in Balestier Khalsa FC in 2008.
Kostadin Angelov, who started his career in 1996, played for FC Sevlievo, a team that ended in 2002.
Abanda Herman played for PSM Makassar, the team he started with in 2004.
John C Slater graduated from Harvard University in 1923 with an academic degree of Doctor of Philosophy.
Yadahalli, Bilagi is a village in the Bagalkot district of India.
Carla Morrison has won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song in 2012 and 2016.
The Otago Rugby Football Union are the occupants of Forsyth Barr Stadium which was designed by the company Populous and opened on 5 August 2011.
William Yolland, who is William Yolland, a member of the Royal Society, was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Bath.
Abdellatif Boutaty started his career in 2004 and ended it in 2005. He plays for Stade Toulousain.
Jim Tooey, a human, graduated from William Paterson University.
William Brown played for the San Francisco Giants from 1887 to 1889.
The Prime Minister of Egypt, starting 14 June 2018, was Moustafa Madbouly. He succeeded Sherif Ismail as Prime Minister.
The mountain of Gafleispitz is part of the Rätikon range, and it is located in Liechtenstein.
The short story "Welcome to the Monkey House" was written by Kurt Vonnegut.
Donald Solomon started playing for the Cayman Islands national football team in 2006. He began playing for the Cayman Islands in 2011.
Springville is a census-designated place in Tazewell County, Virginia, United States.
Playa Puerto Cruz is a human settlement and beach in Venezuela.
Anfilogino Guarisi played for the Brazil national football team, which began in 1925 and ended in 1925.
East Orange Township, Sioux County, Iowa is a civil township in the United States.
Anton Kostadinov played for FC Spartak Varna between 2008 and 2009.
The Arzamas I railway station, which is operated by Russian Railways, was opened in 1901. It has been designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The A596 road is located in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Steven Emory played for the Colorado Rapids in 2011.
Borislav Stoyanov played for OFC Belasitsa Petrich between 2006 and 2008.
Umm Salamuna is a village in the State of Palestine, in the Bethlehem Governorate.
Roberto Amodio started his career with S.S. Juve Stabia in 1993.
Kolo is a human settlement in Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alexander Hysén played for GIF Sundsvall from 2009 to 2009.
Valeri Sarychev was born in Dushanbe, Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union.
Artur Kotenko started his career in 2001 with Pärnu Linnameeskond.
Shane Huke played for Rochedale Rovers FC between 2001 and 2003.
Likalaneng is in Maseru District, Lesotho. It is part of the community councils of Lesotho.
Subramaniam Badrinath played for the Chennai Super Kings from 2008 to 2013.
Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium hosted the College World Series from 1950 to 2010.
Enterprise Earth is a rock and pop band from the United States that was formed in 2014.
Baiano, born 1978, was a member of the CR Vasco da Gama club, which started his career in 2008.
Elisabeth Andreasson, from Sweden, released Elisabeth Andreasson ( album )'s debut album Bobbysocks! and was followed by Greatest Hits Vol. 2.
Pavel Kuptsov played for FC Dnepr Mogilev, which he started in 2014 and finished in 2015.
Mattia Corradi, who started playing for A.C. Monza in 2007, ended his career in 2008.
Yelnikovsky District is located in the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, the republic was founded on 25 January 1935 and ended on 24 December 1993.
Winston Yap played for the Singapore national football team, where he started his career in 2002.
Marc Crosas was a member of the Spain national under 21 football team, which he started playing for on 1 January 2009.
The Orlando Design District is a neighbourhood in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Richard Caceres began his career in 2011 and ended his career in 2012. He played for Persiba Balikpapan.
The Megalopoli Mine, in Greece, produces lignite.
Plahn Nyarn District is one of the districts of Liberia, in Sinoe County.
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa played for Oita Trinita, which started in 2002 and finished in 2004.
The Australian film Between Wars was produced by Michael Thornhill. The original language of the film or TV show is English.
Waldemar de Brito played for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas who he was a member of. He started his career in 1934.
Sunil Dutt stars in the Hindi film Rajdhani, which originates from India.
The United States is the location of the All-time Albany BWP Highlanders roster. This is a list of all players who have played for Albany BWP Highlanders in the sport of Association football.
Michihiro Tsuruta started playing for Ventforet Kofu in 2000.
Bud Collyer, who began in 1956, presented To Tell the Truth. He ended his career in 1968.
Artur Gubaydullin played for FC Nosta Novotroitsk, where he began his career in 2012.
Shrigonda Vidhan Sabha constituency is located in the Maharashtra state in India.
The film Razzle Dazzle: A Journey into Dance was directed by Garry Phillips. The film originates from Australia and is distributed by Palace Cinemas.
Tom Jackson played rugby for Wales, where he started his career on 5 January 1895.
Zakonopravilo was written by Saint Sava and is a Byzantine Empire legislation.
Porcupine Provincial Forest is located in Division 20 in Manitoba, Canada.
Punakaiki is a human settlement in the Buller District, New Zealand.
Jan Svátek played for SFC Opava, he started his career in 2005.
German submarine U-190 was part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla, which began on 24 September 1942 and ended on 28 February 1943.
Peatlands Park is located in County Armagh, in the United Kingdom.
Elephant Games is a video game developer founded in 2003 in Yoshkar-Ola.
Vilmar da Cunha Rodrigues started his career in FC Lustenau 07 in 2006. He retired in 2009.
Kotmale is a human settlement in Nuwara Eliya District, Sri Lanka.
Octavian Abrudan was a member of the FCSB team that started in 2010.
The Winding Gulf Coalfield is a coal-mining region in the United States.
Serhiy Karpenko began his career in 2001 and finished his career in 2004. He has played for FC Arsenal Kharkiv.
Le Chat Noir are a garage rock duo from Moretonhampstead.
Juan Diego Gonzalez began his career in 2000 and retired in 2001. He played for Club Almagro.
Gaston Waringhien was a member of the Akademio de Esperanto which started in 1925 and ended on 20 December 1991.
Igor Malakhov played for FC Zhemchuzhina Budyonnovsk, which started in 2002.
Ben Bot was the director of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, he started his career on 3 December 2003 and ended it on 31 December 2003.
Yevgeni Tarasov played for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg between 2000 and 2002.
Chicago Blackhawks won the Prince of Wales Trophy in 1967 and 1970.
Parrana San Martino is a frazione of Collesalvetti in Italy.
Food Wars ! : Shokugeki no Soma is published by Tong Li Publishing in Taiwan. They use the Chinese language.
Edson Sitta began his career in 2003 and played for Clube Atlético Juventus, ending his career in 2004.
Espetada is a dish made with meat that originates from Portugal.
Florin Cernat began his career in 2015 and finished his career on 23rd June 2016. He is a member of the FC Viitorul Constanta football club.
The College of Education at Michigan State University is located in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.
Enzo Turco began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 7 July 1983.
Viktor Zvyahintsev was a member of the Soviet Union national football team, starting in 1975 and ending in 1976.
Paulinho Santos played for the Portugal national football team between 1994 and 1999.
Aleksei Prokudin started his career in 2005 with FC Asmaral Moscow.
Marios Elia, who started his career in 1998, played for APOEL FC, a team he represented until 2014.
Ilya Tsymbalar played for FC Spartak Moscow between 1993 and 1999.
The Hope Saddle is a mountain pass in New Zealand, located in the Tasman District.
Fatih Akyel started to play for the Turkey national football team in 1997 and finished his career in 2004.
Boot Hill, published by TSR in 1975, is a tabletop role-playing game.
Graham Burnett played for Wellington cricket team between 1971 and 1987.
Florijana Ismaili played for BSC YB Frauen from 2011 to 2019.
Rockleigh Historic District is located in Rockleigh, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Thingwall House is an architectural structure in the city of Liverpool, United Kingdom.
The St. Paul Rangers are an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Swing revival is a music genre that originated in the United States in 1990.
Imbonggu District is located in the Southern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Aleksei Karakosov played for the Russia national football team from 1913.
Sielce Lewe is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Makow.
Gusfand Guyeh is a village in Gilan Province, Iran.
Sarul Kanwar played for the Mumbai Indians from 2011.
The Bahamas and Spain are bilateral relations.
Marko Tredup played for Tennis Borussia Berlin from 1996 to 2000.
The British Bulldogs are a tag team in professional wrestling based in the United States.
WWSE is a radio station in New York, United States.
The TV series Go Player was broadcast on CCTV-14, which began broadcasting in 2006 and ended in 2009.
R v Brown is a legal case from the United Kingdom, where the judicial functions of the House of Lords are.
Federico Nanni started his career in 2005 and ended it in 2006. Federico Nanni is a member of the S.P. Tre Penne.
Sveti Duh is a human settlement in the Municipality of Dravograd, Slovenia.
The GNIDA Office metro station is located in India and it is located next to the Depot metro station.
Jared Borgetti began his career in 2004 with Dorados de Sinaloa.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto played for Kalmar FF, which he joined in 2003.
Animas Creek is a intermittent river in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, in the United States.
Bruno Lemiechevsky began his career in August 2018 and played for FK Atlantas, ending his career in December 2018.
Maksim Buznikin, who began his career in 2012, played for FC Kazanka Moscow.
German submarine U-136 ( 1941 )'s service was limited to education, which ended on 31 December 1941. German submarine U-136 began its service on 30 August 1941.
The Hermosa Beach City School District is located in California, United States.
Andrew Lloyd Webber is the composer of Amigos Para Siempre. The song was performed by José Carreras.
Experimental Marriage comes from the United States, is a silent film and is in the public domain.
Indian Hills is a neighbourhood in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Romain Cabon, who started playing for US Avranches in 2010, retired in 2015.
The London and North Eastern Railway, which began service in May 1944, was the operator of the LNER Thompson Class A2/1. The line ended on 31 December 1947.
The South African Class 14E1 was manufactured by Union Carriage & Wagon. Its manufacturing began in 1993 and ended in 1994.
The Indian Society of International Law is located in New Delhi, India and is a professional body.
Valeri Abramidze played for the Georgia national football team between 2001 and 2003.
Sergio Hellings started his career in 2002 and retired in 2005. He played for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
Gertrudow is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice.
Vasily Zhurnevich was a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, which began in 2015.
Ted Eck played for the Kansas City Comets from 1988-1991.
Chhitampatti is a village in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The 1981 Australian Drivers' Championship was an auto racing competition held in Australia.
The Bronx Is Burning is written in English and is about baseball.
Jeff Whitley played for the Northern Ireland national football team between 1997 and 2004.
Karim Bagheri played for Charlton Athletic FC and Al Nasr Dubai SC. He also played for the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Lehua Night Market is located in the Yonghe District, Taiwan.
Travis Henry started with the Buffalo Bills in 2001 and ended his career in 2004.
St. Charles is a city in Winona County, Minnesota in the United States.
Eric Nickulas played in the National Hockey League between 1998 and 2006.
Omer Tchalisher played for the Israel national under-18 football team between 2010 and 2011.
Rinus Terlouw started his career in 1949 and played for Sparta Rotterdam. He retired in 1958.
Hato Corozal Airport, an aerodrome, is located in Hato Corozal, Colombia. It serves the transport hub of Hato Corozal.
Klamath Falls City School District is located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
The Bhutan takin is a subspecies of the Takin taxon.
The Great British Cheese Festival, which was established in 1994, is a food festival in the United Kingdom.
Federal Route 8 is a road in Malaysia, it was established in 1887.
The Alokozay Kabul International Cricket Ground is a sports venue in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Omar Jarun started playing for the Palestine national football team in 2007. He retired in 2014.
Gonzalo Galindo played for Club Aurora between 2011 and 2012.
The Idea Charter School in the United States was created in 2011.
The Schiaparelli EDM rocket launch occurred at Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200 on 14 March 2016.
Broomfield School in New Zealand was established in 1881.
Volodimir Levin played for Gabala FK from 2013 to 2014.
The Experimental Pop Band is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. Their musical genre is Indie pop.
The Laibacher Zeitung, a German language newspaper, was founded in 1778.
Chester Northgate railway station is a train station in Chester, United Kingdom.
Patrick Beech began his career in 1999 with the New Orleans Storm.
Victor Van Schil played for Molteni from 1971 to 1976.
Matt Hobden played for Sussex County Cricket Club between 2013 and 2015.
Monovox is a rock and pop band from the United States that was formed in 1992.
Gold Pants is the album by Leslie and the LY's, released in 2005.
Giovanni Borgato played for Bologna F.C. 1909 from 1923 to 1928.
Fraser Hore played for Surrey County Cricket Club who began their career in 1861.
Yuri Petrov started his career with MFC Mykolaiv in 1994.
Jon White played for the Australia national rugby union team from 23 August 1958 to 26 June 1965.
Gathairu is a human settlement in Kenya, located in the Central Province.
Mauricio Molina played for Independiente Santa Fe, which began his career in 2001. He retired in 2002.
Veeravaram is a village in India, which is located in the Kadiam mandal.
Vincent Malo worked in Antwerp from 1623 to 1634.
Tommy Logan played for the Scottish Football League XI who started in 1907.
Kingsway High School, which was established in 1953, is a secondary school in South Africa.
Flying Fish Brewing, a business founded in 1995, is headquartered in Somerdale, New Jersey.
The ArsDigita Community System is free software, developed by ArsDigita. It is released under the GNU General Public License.
Veerasammy Permaul played for the Guyana Amazon Warriors between 2000 and 2013.
Christoph Metzelder played for TuS Haltern between 2013 and 2014.
Ivan Shipov, known as Ivan, was awarded the Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky and the Order of the White Eagle (Russian Empire).
Arthur Johnson is a human being who plays rugby league for Widnes Vikings.
Carles Coto played for the Doxa Katokopias FC who started their career in 2016.
Chris Oddleifson is a player in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Monarchs (senior). He is a human being.
Nicolas Laharrague started with the France A national rugby union team in 2005.
Erica jasminiflora is the taxon of Erica, a species whose parent taxon is Erica.
Leonel Felice played for Club Rivadavia from 2008 to 2012.
The Georgia Apple Festival is a food festival that was established in 1971 in the United States.
John Davidson played rugby for the Scotland national rugby union team. He started his career in 1873 and ended his career in 1874.
Scott Hastings played rugby union for British and Irish Lions, he started with the team in 1989 and finished in 1993.
Trail Dust Town is a shopping mall in Arizona, United States.
Rodos Colossi RFC is a sports team competing in rugby union.
Alexandre Finazzi, who was a member of the Mixto Esporte Clube, began his career in 2009.
The Soochipara Falls is a waterfall in Wayanad district, India.
Tony Leiker, known as Tony, is a human being who played for Stanford Cardinal football.
Nash-Rocky Mount Public Schools is a school district located in North Carolina, United States.
Mamdouh Habib is from Egypt and is a human being who is a follower of Islam.
Phyllis Fox is a human being who worked for General Electric and is the creator of the programming language DYNAMO.
Rabiu Ibrahim played for the Nigeria national under 20 football team which started on January 1, 2009.
Domenico Suriano began his career in 2011 with the Giulianova Calcio.
The Carnelian Cube is from The United States and is written in the English language. The book has an original cover art by David Kyle.
Metro Insurgentes Sur was completed in 2012 and is located in Mexico City.
Mawbima is a Sinhala language newspaper which was established in 2006.
Peter Stagg played for the Scotland national rugby union team, which began on 9 January 1965 and ended on 6 June 1970.
Josh Brolin won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain for Avengers: Endgame, which was awarded on June 15, 2019.
Draco Racing is a sports club in Italy, which was established in 1989.
Larry Smith was a member of the Washington Redskins football team and attended Thomas Richard Robinson High School. Larry Smith is a human being.
Hannah Bromley played for the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles from 2005 to 2006.
Chung Sang-nam started his career with Suwon Samsung Bluewings in 2001.
John Nesbitt's Passing Parade is a radio program from the United States. It is also known as The Passing Parade.
Pennsylvania Railroad's class B6 is operated by Pennsylvania Railroad. They began their service in 1902 and ended their service in July 1959.
Broaddus is an unincorporated community in Virginia, United States.
Handique Girls College was founded in 1939 in India.
Eloy Edu began his career on 1 January 2005 and ended it in 2006. He plays for CD Santa Eugenia.
Mood 92.0 FM is an English speaking radio station located in Amman.
Manabu Umezawa, a midfielder, plays for the Yokohama Flügels. Manabu Umezawa's profession is human.
Ari, born in 1980, played for Kashima Antlers, which ended in 2005.
Freddie Sharpe (born Freddie) is a human being who plays for Reading F.C.
Mickleover Royal British Legion F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom.
The Flood Forecasting Centre in the UK was established in 2009. It is a government agency in the United Kingdom.
Mike Lunsmann played for SCC Berlin, which he began playing for in 2008.
The author of Society of Mind is Marvin Minsky, it was published in 1988.
Evgeny Velikhov, a national of Russia, was awarded the Global Energy Prize in 2006.
Yoko Shimomura is the composer of the mobile game Final Fantasy XV: Pocket Edition, which is available for Android.
Dmitri Bayda began his career in 1999 with FC Orenburg.
Ferdowsi Street is located in Tabriz, Iran.
John Yapp has played for the Wales national rugby union team, starting on 5 February 2005 and ending on 19 March 2011.
Armando Bini began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and finished it on 31 October 1954.
The 2011 APRA Silver Scroll Awards was held in New Zealand. The awards ceremony took place on the 31st July 2011.
The Om Prakash Bhasin Award was established in 1985 in India.
Amalner railway station is owned by Indian Railways and is a train station in India.
The Phantom Tollbooth was written in English and was published in the United States. It was illustrated by Jules Feiffer.
Henry E Brady graduated from Harvey Mudd College in 1969 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
The Kristiansand Cathedral School is a secondary school in Kristiansand, Norway.
The 2009 New Zealand Music Awards ceremony was held in New Zealand.
Jose Francisco Cevallos was a member of the club L.D.U. Quito, from 2008 to 2011.
Makfi is the father of Make Believe, a male horse who was born in 2012.
Southwest Louisiana National Wildlife Refuge Complex is located in the state of Louisiana in the United States.
The Warminster Journal, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1881.
Hamish Scott played for the Scotland national rugby team, which started in 1950 and finished in 1950.
Ratac Abbey is located in Bar, Montenegro.
Jerrad Tyson started his career in 2008 playing for Sunshine Coast FC.
Frank Bunce played for the Samoa national rugby union team which he began his career with in 1991.
Dixy Chicken is a business founded in 1986 in Solihull.
The Taiwan Railways Administration is the operator of the North Hsinchu railway station, which is located at the intersection of the Neiwan Line and the Qianjia railway stations.
Apple Inc. is the developer of the software Jar Launcher, which is available for the Java virtual machine.
Hammeville was the administrative territory of Meurthe department. It was started on March 4, 1790 and ended on September 7, 1871.
Poul Nyrup Rasmussen was the leader of Denmark from 25 January 1993 to 27 November 2001.
Hillcrest Wildlife Management Area is located in West Virginia, United States.
Eduard Sturki began his career in 2015 with FC Nizhny Novgorod.
Richard E. Cole was educated at Marion L. Steele High School and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross by the United States. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Alex Grendi played for Columbus Crew SC, where he started his career in 2009.
Vladimir Lash (born Vladimir Lash) is a human being who plays for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Beckside is a village in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
The Burlington Public School District RE-6J is located in Burlington, Colorado, United States.
Alberto Delgado ( Cuban footballer ) played for the Colorado Rapids in 2004.
Nicoleta Dinca was a competitor at the European Women's U-19 Handball Championship in 2007. She won the bronze medal.
Henry Medina played for the Guatemala national football team between 2004 and 2007.
Federico Chabod began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and finished his career on 14 July 1960.
The Bassett Unified School District is located in California, United States.
The 1954 Swiss Grand Prix was won by Juan Manuel Fangio. He had a fastest lap. The pole position was held by José Froilán González.
Maksim Karpovich began his career in FC Savit Mogilev in 2006.
Manzoor Dar, who retired in 2000, plays for Kings XI Punjab. He started his career in 2018 and plays for the team.
Ed Zeniuk played in the National Hockey League between 1954 and 1955.
Chortitz, Manitoba is a human settlement located in Division #3, Manitoba, Canada.
The James G Pendleton House is located in the United States in Maine.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award was won by Paul Gascoigne in 1990.
Brookhouse School was established in 1981 in Kenya.
Francis Llacer played for Montpellier HSC between 2000 and 2001.
The 2018 World's Strongest Man was the season of the sport and was held in the Philippines.
I Want You, I Need You, I Love You is written in English and was penned by Maurice Mysels.
Badr-ud-Duja is the debut album by Junaid Jamshed and was released in 2007.
East Hampton Union Free School District is located in New York State, United States.
The Whirinaki Power Station is operated by Contact Energy. It is an oil-fired power station located in New Zealand.
Sebastian Backer played for Eintracht Braunschweig from 2003 to 2005.
Simon Cowley, whose given name is Simon, is a human being who plays for Herefordshire County Cricket Club.
Medley is a town in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
Russell Gulch is a ghost town in the United States, in the state of Colorado.
Boadilla de Rioseco, which is located in the Guaza de Campos region, has the capital Boadilla de Rioseco. The town contains the settlement of Boadilla de Rioseco.
The adjacent station of the Bikna railway station is Bankura Junction railway station which is on the Bankura-Masagram line.
Katherine Clark graduated from the John F. Kennedy School of Government with an academic degree in Master of Public Administration in 1997.
Nathpora is a village in India, in the Jammu and Kashmir region.
Jean Pierre Fuentes played for Alianza Lima between 2008 and 2010.
Chester Castle, designed by Thomas Harrison in the Norman architectural style, is a Grade I listed building.
The magazine Opus musicum was founded in 1969 in the Czech language.
Guo Zhenqian was chair of the National Audit Office of China. He started in May 1994 and ended in March 1998.
Kazuyoshi Miura began his career on the 1st of January 1986 with Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara.
Omar Pouso began his career in 2007 and played for Club Libertad. He finished his career in 2012.
Steve Snitch is a human being who plays for the Northern Pride RLFC.
Northwestern School District is located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Pedro Pedrucci was a member of the Uruguay national football team, playing for them from 1990.
Pontpierre is a town in Mondercange, in Luxembourg.
Woodland Park is a designated place in Alberta, Canada.
Pablo Aimar played for the Argentina national under-20 football team which was started on 1 January 1997.
Roland Alphonso plays the saxophone and was signed to the Island Records label. He is also signed to the record label Studio One.
The 2009 Women's Oceania Handball Championship was held in 2009.
Charles Birch graduated from the University of Adelaide in 1941 with a doctorate.
Highlands Ranch is a census-designated place in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.
Oreste Baratieri was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which he represented, starting on 17 March 1861 and ending on 7 August 1902.
Kothurne is a village in India, in the Pune district.
XHSPR-TDT is a television station in Mexico that uses the Spanish language.
The 2014 Belgrade City Assembly election was a local election held in Serbia.
Thiago Braga de Souza's club was Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, he started his career in 2005.
Yannick Quesnel began his career in 1997 with FC Girondins de Bordeaux. He retired in 1998.
Kent and Sussex Crematorium and Cemetery is located in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1873.
Axel Kruse played for FC Hansa Rostock, his club from 1985 to 1989.
Mahicon Librelato, who started his career in 2001, played for Sport Club Internacional. His last club was Sport Club Internacional, which ended in 2002.
The Uspenski Gospels, written in Ancient Greek, is a manuscript in the National Library of Russia.
Mount Sherrill is a mountain in New York, United States.
The list of Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanghai is a list of Cultural Property in China.
Tsonma is a human settlement in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Mahottari District, Nepal is the location of Matihani, a village development committee.
SCORE International is a nonprofit organization based in the United States that offers its services to the sport of Motorsport.
Simos Krassas played for the Cyprus national football team between 2004 and 2008.
Earl Pomeroy graduated from the University of North Dakota School of Law in 1979 with a Juris Doctor.
Oklahoma Victory Dolls is a roller derby league in the United States. The league was founded in 2007.
Oystermouth is a village in the Swansea, United Kingdom.
Golestan is a village in Ardabil Province, Iran.
Cafe Wha is located in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, United States.
The BRP Rajah Lakandula (PF-4) is a ship built by Brown Shipbuilding in the United States.
The Golden Screen TV Awards were established in 2004 and are from the Philippines.
Sanlu Highway station is located between Minrui Road station and Huizhen Road station on the Pujiang Line.
Maksim Barsov began his career in FC Orenburg in 2014 and ended his career in 2015.
The Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council election was held on 4 May 2014 in the United Kingdom. This is a local election.
Hapit Ibrahim is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Sriwijaya F.C.
Louis Cabot House is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The chairman of the Joint Opposition organization in Sri Lanka is Dinesh Gunawardena.
Alejandro Villanueva played for the Peru national football team from 1927 to 1938.
1965 World Figure Skating Championships is the first of two World Figure Skating Championships following the 1964 World Figure Skating Championships. The 1966 World Figure Skating Championships followed the 1965 World Figure Skating Championships.
Joan Subirats graduated from the University of Barcelona in 1980 with a doctorate in Economics.
Rodrigo Ruiz played for the Chile national football team between 1993 and 2001.
Plumcreek Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania is in the United States.
Cliff Brown played for the Kansas City Comets from 1983 to 1984.
Ang Lee won the BAFTA Award for Best Direction in 2001 for Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
Antonio Moreno Ruiz started his career in 2010 and played for Pontevedra CF. He retired in 2011.
Bolshoye Ignatovo is located in the Bolsheignatovsky District which began on 10 January 1930 and ended on 30 November 2004.
Scheurleer & Zoonen is a business based in the Netherlands.
The Friendswood Development Company was founded in 1962 and is located in Houston. Its main line of business is the development of residential and commercial properties.
Jani Tapani Virtanen began his career in 2014 with Rovaniemen Palloseura.
Angelos Anastasiadis played for the Greece national football team between 1975 and 1980.
Tracy Fleury is the name given to Tracy Fleury, a human. Tracy Fleury is the name given to Tracy Fleury, a member of the Horgan family.
Wiechowo is a village in Poland, in Gmina Marianowo.
Billel Omrani plays for the France national under-18 football team. He started his career in the French under 18's in 2010 and finished his career in 2010.
The 1923 Walker Cup was a season in golf.
Gus Bilirakis graduated from Stetson University College of Law in 1989 with a Juris Doctor degree.
Tianzhou 1 was launched on 20 April 2017 at the Wenchang Spacecraft Launch Site.
Dwayne McGerrigle, known as Dwayne, is a member of the Ireland cricket team and a human being.
Artyom Leonov played for FC Torpedo Minsk, which began in March 2019. He ended his career in July 2019.
Kosta Yanev's club is FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia. He started his career there on January 1, 2011.
The Dutch Bridge Federation, founded in 1930, is a sports governing body in the Netherlands.
Lost Creek is a tributary of the Cuivre River in Missouri, in the United States.
Jose Ramon Esnaola started playing for Real Betis in 1973 and retired in 1985.
Terry Felix played for the Canada men's national soccer team, and finished in 1983.
The Blenheim River is a river located in the Saint Andrew Parish, Dominica.
Brian Edmeades played for Essex County Cricket Club from 1961 to 1976.
Zambra is a folk dance from Spain. It is a form of Flamenco music.
Farwell is the capital of Parmer County, Texas, which is located in the state. Lamb County is a county in Texas.
Armando Peverelli started playing for Italy in 1946 and retired on July 18, 1981.
The Atlanta Baroque Orchestra was founded in 1997 in the United States.
Larry Bird, who competed in the men's basketball class, won the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award.
Trace Adkins plays the guitar and is signed to the record label BBR Music Group. He was previously with Capitol Records Nashville.
Florian Kainz started playing for SK Sturm Graz in 2010, he retired in 2014.
Zach Pope played for Austin Lightning from 2005 to 2006.
Walderton is a village in West Sussex, United Kingdom.
Assédio is a television show from Brazil, distributed by Rede Globo.
Karlo Primorac played for NK Osijek from 2003 to 2010.
Baltimore Township is in Barry County, Michigan in the United States.
Jonatas Belusso began his career in 2014 with Ermis Aradippou FC.
The TV series Outsourced, created by Ken Kwapis, is written in English. The series is a sequel to the film Outsourced.
First Capital Realty is a publicly traded company that was founded in 1994.
Derenik Demirchian was educated at the Gevorgian Seminary, a student of Hovhannes Hovhannisyan. He started attending the Gevorgian Seminary in 1892.
Marcelo Tolomeotti played for the Goiania Esporte Clube team between 2008 and 2008.
Carolina Ballet is a nonprofit organization based in the United States and was founded in 1997.
Dino Jelusick, from Croatia, was the winner of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003.
Luis Fernández started his career at Stade de Reims in 2009. He was their coach.
Paintsville Independent School District is located in the country of the United States in the state of Kentucky.
Castlefield Gallery is an art museum in the United Kingdom, it was established in 1984.
Nicolle Flint, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, was a candidate in the 2019 Australian federal election, where she was elected in the Division of Boothby.
The Traungold Cave, in Austria, was discovered in 1999.
James Magee played for the Ireland cricket team between 1907 and 1909.
Anco-Huallo District is one of the districts of Peru, located in the Chincheros Province.
Stefan Pavlov played for FC Chepinets Velingrad, which started in 1965. He retired in 1967.
German submarine U-363 was part of the 8th U-boat Flotilla, which started on 18 March 1943 and ended on 31 May 1944.
From 2005 to 2007, Éric Matoukou played for the Cameroon national football team.
Andres Romero is an Argentine footballer who started his career with Clube Náutico Capibaribe in 2012.
Tulki Tappehsi is a village in the administrative district of West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Robbin Ruiter began his career in 2009 and retired in 2012. He plays for FC Volendam.
Karen Keiser is a human being and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Slyce is a business that was founded in 2012 and is located in Toronto.
More Radio Eastbourne is a radio station that was founded in 1997 in the United Kingdom.
Bedevilled Rabbit originates from the United States and is part of the Merrie Melodies series. The book is set in Tasmania.
Diego Bengolea started his career in 2004 and retired in 2006. He played for the club Aurora.
Acostambo District is one of the districts of Peru, located in Tayacaja Province.
The Varunastra torpedo is made by Bharat Dynamics Limited in India.
Diego Tonetto began his career on 1 January 2015 with Defensa y Justicia.
Union Station (Toronto) is located adjacent to Oriole GO Station which is on the Richmond Hill line. Oriole GO Station is located towards Gormley GO Station.
Adams Musical Instruments is a musical instrument manufacturing company located in Thorn, Netherlands.
The Stuttgart Formation is a geological formation in Germany. It is a Middle Keuper.
Joseph Laumann started playing for MSV Duisburg II in 2009. He ended his career in 2010.
Sulthankada is a village in India, which is located in the Idukki district.
Yuriy Tselykh played for FC Metalist Kharkiv, he began his career on 1 January 2005.
Thomas Henry Burke ( politician ) was Deputy Mayor of Toledo, Ohio in 1948.
Andrei Bulatov began his career in 2002 with FC Khimki and ended it in 2003.
Peter Falconet worked in London from 1766 to 1773.
Burlington Community School District is located in the United States in the city of Burlington, Iowa.
A constitutional referendum was held in Liechtenstein on 10 May 2003.
Karkams is a town in Kamiesberg Local Municipality, South Africa.
The Snuff Puppets are a theatrical troupe located in Victoria, Australia.
Alexandre Ludovic started his career in 2015 with G.D. Chaves. He ended his career in 2016.
Mikalay Zyanko played for FC Slutsk from 2014 to 2015.
Daniel Massey ( actor ) won the Laurence Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a Revival in 1981.
IceStone, a United States company, is located in Brooklyn and does business out of that city.
Christi Craddick, whose real name is Christi, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States. He is a human being.
Vasil Tachev played for FC Sozopol, he started his career in 2015.
Johan Wallens played for the club C.F. Pachuca, he began his career in 2012.
Ana-Neda, who was married to Michael Shishman of Bulgaria, started in 1323 and ended in 1324.
John Alexander Simpson graduated from Reed College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1940.
William Pène du Bois is the author of Call Me Bandicoot which was published in 1970.
Al Khalas is a human settlement in Makkah region, Saudi Arabia.
Adra Union is located in Nangalkot Upazila, Bangladesh. It is one of the union councils of Bangladesh.
Sherpalam is a union council in Swat District, Pakistan.
William Robb ( footballer , born 1895 ) played for the Scotland national football team, which began in 1925 and finished in 1927.
Francis Narh was a member of the Ghana national under 20 football team which started in 2013.
The Philippine Commission was an upper house of the Philippine Legislature that was abolished in 1916.
Scenes from Goethe's Faust is an oratorio from Germany. It was written by Robert Schumann.
The launch site of ESSA-4 was the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 at Vandenberg AFB. The ESSA-4 was launched on 26 January 1967 with the Thor-Delta rocket.
Escondido mosque fire is located in Escondido, San Diego County, California.
Smrdelje is a human settlement in Kistanje, Croatia.
Horatio Collins King, known as Horatio, was a United States allegiance member and was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery.
Addington Racing in the United States was founded in 1997 and is in the business of building and racing cars.
John McLeod ( footballer , born 1866 ) played for the Scotland national football team between 1888 and 1893.
Badovinci is a village in the country of Serbia. It is also known as Badovinci, Ozalj.
The Outwood Academy City Fields is a school in England, United Kingdom.
Imangali Tasmagambetov was Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 22 January 2002 until 11 June 2003.
Ihor Zaytsev played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk from 1961 to 1962.
Bruno Abbatini was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 30 June 1938 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Rokneddin Mokhtari plays the violin and is a human being. Rokneddin Mokhtari is a man.
Microsoft invented Advanced Power Management in 1992. It is an application programming interface.
Claud Raymond, known as Claud, was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire. He was awarded the Victoria Cross.
Fatehpur Talratoy is a village in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Oleksiy Tupchiy started his career with FC Vitebsk in 2011.
The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament took place in 1950.
Vina Vidai Vettai Juniors season 2 is a TV series from India and the show's original language is Tamil.
The Overton Islands are located in Nevada, United States. The Overton Islands are an archipelago.
Oleh Karamushka played for FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk from 2001 to 2003.
Angela Mortimer won the 1955 French Championships - Women's Singles. This was the sequel to 1954 French Championships - Women's Singles and was followed by 1956 French Championships - Women's Singles.
Chrustowo, Oborniki County is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki.
Richard von Mises was a doctoral advisor for Georg Hamel. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and is relative to Alfred Landau.
The State University of Montes Claros is located in Montes Claros, Brazil. It is a public educational institution.
Allensworth School District is located in California, United States.
The National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art was located in Deoksugung, which was the location of the museum from 1973 to 1986.
The Dahlgren River is located in St. Louis County, Minnesota, U.S.
Feng Chun-kai started his career in 2010 and ended it in 2012. He was a member of the Action Cycling Team.
Sean Jarrett is a human being who plays for the Brisbane Bandits.
Krupy is a village in Poland, in the Masovian Voivodeship, in the administrative district of Gmina Kosow Lacki.
Haverfordwest RFC is a rugby union team that was founded in 1875.
B Jayant Baliga is from the United States and won the Global Energy Prize in 2015.
The Seabank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located in England, United Kingdom.
Sergio Panzardo started his career at Stade Malherbe Caen in 1989.
Ian Botting was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, which he played with, starting in 1949.
Old Ones is a book written by Kevin Siembieda and published by Palladium Books.
Jay Richard Stauffer Jr. graduated from Virginia Tech. His given name is Jay Richard Stauffer Jr.
Archie Kyle started playing for the Scottish Football League XI in 1906 and finished in 1908.
The Portrait of Leslie W. Miller is a man portrait located in the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Confluence Park is located in the United States in the city of Colorado.
The Sarasota Police Department is a municipal police department in the United States. The department was created in 1913.
Joe I Tompkins was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design at the 56th Academy Awards. The film Cross Creek was nominated.
Thatta Jhamb is a human settlement in Chiniot District, Pakistan.
Sattar Hamedani started with Al Nassr FC in 2001 and finished his career in 2004.
David Neft is a human being who graduated from Columbia Business School.
D.N. Edmiston House is located in the United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Scottdale is a census-designated place in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
Alfredo Trentalange is a human being who plays for the Association football club.
Ognjen Mudrinski played for Red Star Belgrade, he started his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013.
Sunnybrook State Park was established in 1970 and is a Connecticut state park in the United States.
Emil Stoev played for FC Spartak Plovdiv from 2005 to 2006.
The Williams-Ball-Copeland House is located in the United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The National Order of Chad was established on 12 April 1960 and is a distinction in the country of Chad.
Enis Hajri started playing for SpVgg Ludwigsburg in 2004. He retired in 2006.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch is published in Richmond, Virginia and is published in English. The newspaper is a broadsheet publication.
Kim Christofte played for the Denmark national under-21 football team, which ended in 1981.
Aleksandr Maslov played for FC Dynamo Makhachkala, he started his career in 1987.
Andreas Drugge started his career with Trelleborgs FF in 2008. He retired in 2010.
Narain Swamy played for the India national cricket team, which began in 1955.
The USS Hué City was built by Ingalls Shipbuilding in Jacksonville and has the home port of Naval Station Mayport, Mayport, Jacksonville.
Hervé Bugnet began his career in 2005 with Montpellier HSC and ended it in 2006.
The Sunol Water Temple is a Sacred architecture located in California, in the United States.
The Last Pin is a short story published in English by Fedogan & Bremer.
Howard Phillips played for Hampshire County Cricket Club, from 1899 to 1902.
Pullman School District is located in Washington state, United States.
Richard Roxburgh won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in 1997. He is the actor best known for his role in Doing Time for Patsy Cline.
James Gates Percival graduated from Yale School of Medicine in 1820 with a Doctor of Medicine degree.
Serhiy Kryvtsov played for the Ukraine national under-21 football team between 2009 and 2012.
HV Swift Roermond, from the Netherlands, is a handball sports club.
Thomas Dunne Books, a New York City based organization, was founded in 1986.
Thomas Pascoe was the Chief Secretary of South Australia from 14 November 1923 until 16 April 1924.
The Temple News is owned by Temple University and is a broadsheet newspaper.
Layonel Adams started his career in FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny in 2015. He ended his career in 2016.
Osaka 7th district is located in Osaka Prefecture, Japan and is a district of the House of Representatives of Japan.
Los Plebes del Rancho de Ariel Camacho is a rock and pop band from Mexico.
Deniz Aslan, who began his career in 2014, played for Boluspor before ending his career in 2015.
Kurpania is a human settlement in the Bokaro district of India.
Lergho is a village in the Garango Department of Burkina Faso.
The Maclennan River is located in Otago, New Zealand.
Shafi Goldwasser, who was awarded the Turing Award in 2012, along with Silvio Micali, is an expert in the field of computer science.
The National Core for Neuroethics is a research institute located in British Columbia, Canada.
The King Range is a protected area in California, United States.
Daniel Mogosanu began his career on 1 January 1995 and finished his career in 1996. He plays for ASC Oțelul Galați.
Len Evans is a footballer from Wales who played for Cardiff City FC. Len Evans is a human being.
Krasnoturansky District was located in West Siberian Krai which was established on 30 July 1930 and ended on 7 December 1934.
In 1956, Peter Cushing won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
IDT Megabite Cafe is a restaurant in New York City, United States.
The 2015 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Nikolai Gulayev was awarded the Gold Star in 1943 and in 1944.
The Man Who Japed originates from the United States and is written in English. The book is set in New York City.
Chitinamit, in Guatemala, is an archaeological site that contains remains of the Maya civilization.
Frost Fire Park is a ski resort in North Dakota, in the United States.
Félix Mourinho started with C.F. Os Belenenses in 1968 and retired in 1974.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award given in the Philippines since 1975.
Tommy Atherton was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, which started in 1901.
Abelardo Fernández played for the Spain national under-21 football team, starting in 1990 and ending in 1991.
The Association for Perioperative Practice is a non-profit organization founded in Harrogate in 1964.
Joseph C. Miller is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, where he was elected a Fellow in 2018.
Marrakech is a board game designed by Dominique Ehrhard and published by Gigamic.
Our Lady of Vailankanni High School is located in Borivali, India. It is a secondary school.
Deshawn Stephens, who started his career on 6 February 2014, plays for the Akita Northern Happinets. He retired in May 2015.
Nobby Clark played for the National Hockey League from 1927 to 1928.
Jeffrey Talan played for the Netherlands national football team between 1998 and 2000.
Fahem Ouslati played for MO Constantine, from 2009 to 2010.
The Imam Hussein Mosque is located in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
John Hoersch House is in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dzwonow is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnow.
Seachanges (with Danse Macabre) is a musical work by Raymond Deane, released in 1993.
Pelkachaur is a village development committee in Syangja District, Nepal.
Janina Fautz is a cast member of We Monsters, which originates from Germany. It is a German language film.
Braun Motorsports is a business in the United States that offers auto racing.
Kenmoe Anuk Aime Takam played for FC Sodovik Sterlitamak, which began his career in 1999.
The award Monarch was created in 2003 and is based in the United States.
Vardi Kahana is an artist who uses photography to explore the human condition and has won the Sokolov Award.
David Diach played for the Costa Rica national football team between 1997 and 2007.
Alan Hollinghurst won the Somerset Maugham Award for The Swimming-Pool Library in 1989.
Yannick Kamanan played for KV Oostende between 2005 and 2006.
Robert Yevdokimov began his career in 1997 with FC Spartak Moscow.
Harris Creek is a stream in Missouri in the U.S.
The Toyminator is a fantasy novel written in English, the sequel to The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse.
Rafael Tesser started his career at the Clube Atlético Mineiro in 2005.
Mulux is a human settlement in the Ismailli District of Azerbaijan.
WJSB is a radio station in the United States, in the state of Florida.
Wuhan Business District station is located adjacent to Wangjiadun East station which is connected to line 7 of the Wuhan Metro. The station is located towards Qinglongshanditiexiaozhen Station.
George Roy Hill won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing - Feature Film in 1973 for The Sting.
Karakyz is a human settlement in the Quba District of Azerbaijan.
German submarine U-473 was used for education which began on 16 June 1943 and ended on 31 December 1943.
Matthew Olson played for the Seattle BigFoot team from 1995 to 1999.
The Kingston Park Metro station is connected to the Green Line and is located next to Bankfoot Metro station. The Kingston Park Metro station is located towards South Hylton Metro station.
Martin Albano Pautasso started playing for Club Atlético Independiente in 2005 and finished his career in 2006.
The launch of Meridian 2 was a significant event, taking place on 21 May 2009 at Plesetsk Cosmodrome Site 43/4.
Gerry Doran played for the Ireland national rugby union team from 18 February 1899 to 13 February 1904.
Hillary Clinton was an attorney at Rose Law Firm in February 1977.
Angie Kerr played for Portland Thorns FC between 2013 and 2014.
Robinson Department Store, a business founded on October 31, 1984, is located in Kasukabe, Saitama, Japan.
Erez Lapid, who graduated from Tel Aviv University, is a human being and his doctoral advisor was Stephen Gelbart.
Pavel Matyash played for Maziya S&RC, he started his career in the club in 2015.
Tony Kaltak played for the Vanuatu national under 17 football team. He started his career in 2011.
The roller coaster Wicked Cyclone is manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction and is located in the United States.
Reinhard Lauck started his career in 1973 with Berliner FC Dynamo. He finished his career in 1981.
Kim Kielsen was Prime Minister of Greenland, which he started on 10 December 2014, after being appointed by the Prime Minister Aleqa Hammond.
Venderevo is a subdivision of Venderevo village in Russia.
Corbo is a French language film that was distributed by Christal Films. Corbo is about a man who lives in Montreal.
The N73 road is located in County Cork, in the Republic of Ireland.
Andreas Neuendorf began his career in 1992 with Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf. He retired in 1994.
Worthing is a village in Norfolk in the United Kingdom.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Diego is the diocesan bishop's diocese, of which, Cirilo Flores was the diocesan bishop. He was succeeded by Robert Brom.
George Tsontakis won the Grawemeyer Award in 2005 for Music Composition.
India Infoline is a company in the business of providing information services. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in New Delhi.
Gyan Bharati School, India, was established in 1980.
Thilina Kandamby played for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club from 2001 to 2007.
Ashley Hartog, who began his career in 2008, played for F.C. Cape Town, ending his career in 2011.
Huseyn Mahammadov played for Turan-Tovuz IK, where he started in 1992 and ended in 1996.
Maroutsaia School is located in Greece, it was founded in 1742.
Madhuwan is a village development committee in Sunsari District, Nepal.
Jean Poyer is a human being who wrote Hours of Henry VIII in French.
Harbin is in the Songjiang Province, which began on September 3rd 1945 and ended on November 17th 1946.
The Green Jackets Brigade was established in 1948 and is part of the British Army.
John Dyson played for the New South Wales cricket team between 1975 and 1990.
The List of Prince George's County Public Schools middle schools is a list of middle schools in Prince George's County, United States.
Stone Cross Halt railway station is a train station in the Wealden District, United Kingdom.
Stefano Kunchev started playing for PFC Levski Sofia in 2014.
Florentin Petre is the head coach of ACS Dacia Unirea Brăila, who play in the Liga II. Their home ground is the Stadionul Municipal (Brăila).
Tina Sharkey lives in Mill Valley, California and is a human being.
Cleiton Xavier started his career in 2009 with the Brazil national football team.
The Old Rochester Regional School District is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Adagoor, Tumkur is a village in India, located in the Karnataka region.
Asier Riesgo played for Real Sociedad B between 2001 and 2002.
Juan Chang played for the Cascade Surge team, which began play in 2009.
Dahe, Shijiazhuang, is one of the towns of China. Dahe is located in Luquan District, Shijiazhuang, China.
San Diego Bay Wine & Food Festival is located in San Diego County, California, United States.
Adolphe Bousquet played for the France national rugby team, which started on 28th March 1921. He finished his career on 4th May 1924.
The Los Angeles Garment Workers strike of 1933 was a strike action in the United States.
Roy Davies ( cricketer ) played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club, which started in 1950.
Penrith Building Society was founded in Penrith, Cumbria in 1877 and is in business.
Oneida Number Three Tunnel is located in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Imraan Mohammad played for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club who started in 2000.
Bernhard Raab began his career in 1987 with Karlsruher SC. He retired in 1989.
Malimdul, a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, is located in Iran.
Alfred Noyes was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1950 and 1951.
Joannes Hermans started working in Rome in 1657, and ended his career in 1665.
Hugo Enyinnaya started his career in 2009 with A.S.D. Anziolavinio.
The B'nai Yosef Synagogue is located in Brooklyn, United States.
Pierce Township is in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.
Uilliams Bomfim Souza played for the Arapongas Esporte Clube, which he started in 2011.
Mikel Amantegui played for CF Badalona, from 2004 to 2006.
Dzmitry Aharodnik played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk from 2003 to 2004.
Ken Hough played for the Australia national soccer team, which started in 1948. He retired in 1948.
The Clare People is a tabloid newspaper which was founded in 2005.
The 2017 TCR International Series Hungaroring round took place in Hungary. It was the season (sports) of the 2017 TCR International Series.
Jock Hobbs played for the Canterbury Rugby Football Union between 1981 and 1986.
Mauro Caballero started his career in 2001 with the club Libertad.
Brewington Creek is a river in Bandera County, Texas, in the United States.
Ansu Fati, whose family name is Fati, plays for FC Barcelona and is a human being.
Pojoaque Valley Public Schools is a school district located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States.
Dreadnaught was produced by Orange Sky Golden Harvest in Hong Kong. The original language of Dreadnaught ( film ) is Cantonese.
Somerset Hills Regional School District is located in New Jersey, United States.
Koichi Hashigaito began his career in 2000 and retired in 2001. He plays for Gamba Osaka.
Volodymyr Savchenko plays for the Ukraine national football team, having started his career in 1994.
Mario Kröpfl started his career with FC Gratkorn in 2010. He retired in 2011.
West Stewartstown is a census-designated place in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States.
Tom Cochrane was nominated for the Juno Award for Single of the Year in 1992.
Oleksandr Ishchenko played for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, which began play in 1973 and finished in 1975.
Melandaha Upazila is located in the Jamalpur District of Bangladesh.
Mathew Ryan is a player for the Central Coast Mariners FC and Brighton & Hove Albion FC. He was a participant in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Vancouver VooDoo is an ice hockey team that was founded in 1993.
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1958 is a list of fiction writing.
Boilghin is a human settlement in the Salogo Department of Burkina Faso.
Loni Bhapkar is a village in Maharashtra, India.
Jeanne Galzy won the Prix Brentano in 1931 for her novel Burnt Offering.
Sulifou Faaloua was a member of the American Samoa national football team, which began its career in 2001.
Elvira Notari was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy which began on 10 February 1875 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Hiregunjal is a village in Dharwad district, India.
The De Saisset Museum is an art museum located in San Jose, California, United States.
Paul Panhuysen worked in Eindhoven from 1966 to 2015.
From 1999 to 2004 Élie Kroupi played for FC Lorient.
Paincourtville is a census-designated place in Louisiana, United States.
The song "Hot in the City" was produced by Keith Forsey and was followed by "White Wedding". The song followed Mony Mony.
Elon Lindenstrauss, who won the Fermat Prize, was the son of Joram Lindenstrauss. He won the EMS Prize.
The Topeka Senators (Collegiate) baseball team is based in the United States.
Lilium GmbH is a company founded in 2015.
Thierno Youm played for Espérance Sportive de Tunis from 1992 to 1993.
The GER Class R24 was operated by the Great Eastern Railway which began in 1890 and ended on 31 December 1922.
Daniel Mullen's club is Para Hills Knights SC. He started his career with the club in 2006.
Paul Tonko graduated from Clarkson University in 1971 with a Bachelor of Science degree.
The song "Do Me Again" was performed by Freddie Jackson and was released in 1991.
Sarah Robbins played for the Laval Comets from 2009 to 2013.
Walk Thru performs hip hop music, which has a musical genre called Hyphy. Synth-pop is a genre of Hip hop music.
Chandkati is a human settlement in the Pirojpur district of Bangladesh.
The Kaplan Teachers Union is a trade union in the United States that was created in 2012.
San Clemente Canyon is in California, United States.
Song Han-bok played for Jeonnam Dragons from 2005 to 2010.
Andrei Agius's club was FK Zemun, he started his career there in 2004.
The leader of Indonesia is B. J. Habibie, who started his career on 21 May 1998 and ended it on 20 October 1999.
Xie Juezai was a member of the Qing dynasty that began in May 1884 and ended in 1912.
Kampong Rou District is located in the Svay Rieng Province of Cambodia.
Janne Salli started playing for the Finland national football team in 1999 and finished his career in 2004.
The palmaris brevis muscle is a subclass of hypothenar muscle. It is described by Gray's Anatomy in its 20th edition.
Pitmoaga is a village in the Kokologo Department of Burkina Faso.
Mahisadal Raj High School, India was established in 1874. It is located in North America.
Yekaterina Marennikova played handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal with the Russia women's national handball team.
Mike Kirmse played for FSV Salmrohr between 1995 and 1997.
Ducros Plantation, a house located in the United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Charity Shield is a rugby league competition in Australia that was established in 1982.
From 1972 to 1973, José Argoitia played for the Sestao Sport Club.
Neve are a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom signed to Nebula Records.
Maksim Burchenko began his career in 2013 with FC Torpedo Moscow and finished his career in 2014.
The Book of Zhou is part of the Twenty-Four Histories and was written by Linghu Defen.
Zedge is a software program that was published in 2003 and was created in 2009.
Rafael Schmitz, a human, plays for Lille OSC. He also plays for Brazil.
Diego Benaglio started his career in 2003 and ended his career in 2005. He is a member of the VfB Stuttgart II football club.
Riviere Témiscamie Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Quebec, Canada.
Andrei Polin played for FC Sportakademklub Moscow, he started his career in 2013 and finished his career in 2014.
Darko Bodul plays for FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, which began play in February 2019. He made his debut for the club on 29 September 2019.
Viktor Shkurat played for FC Rostov between 2001 and 2005.
Airborne Athletics, a Minneapolis based company, makes sports equipment.
The 1867 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held in the city of Dunedin, New Zealand.
Orono is a census-designated place (CDP) in Penobscot County, Maine, United States.
The list of Ramsar sites in Mexico is a list of Ramsar sites in Mexico.
The village of Orjaku is located in Hiiumaa Parish, Hiiumaa County, Estonia.
North Rode Manor is an English country house in the United Kingdom that has a Grade II listed building.
Sergio Blanco's club was Necaxa, he started his career in 2011 and finished in 2012.
Benjamin Usher, whose given name is Benjamin, is a human being who plays for the Durham Cricket Board.
Anton Matveyev's club was PFC Dynamo Stavropol, where he started playing in 2010.
Tibbi Ranga is a village in India located in the Firozpur District.
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi was part of the Russian Empire which began on 16 May 1812 and ended on 2 March 1917.
Rhys Thompson played in the National Hockey League from 1939 to 1943.
Pirri played for the Spain national under-18 football team, which started in 1963 and finished in 1963.
The Lost Wandering Blues and Jazz Band (rock and pop) originated from the United States. The band's musical genre is Jazz.
Valerica Găman started his career on 18 January 2018 and finished his career on 23 June 2018. He now plays for FCSB.
Nash-Reid-Hill House is located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The European Polymer Journal is a scientific journal covering the chemistry of polymers published by Elsevier.
Yuliya Menshova was the daughter of Vladimir Menshov and Vera Alentova. She is married to Igor Gordin.
Vasily Yefremov was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union on May 1st 1943 and August 24th 1943.
The Varbola Stronghold is a hillfort in Estonia and is an archaeological monument.
Balting is a village development committee in the Kavrepalanchok district of Nepal.
The city of Rhithymna is in Greece and is an ancient city.
Lars Martin Engedal was a member of the Norway national under 19 football team which started in 2002.
Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf was a member of the Comoros national football team which started on January 1, 2011.
Kolah Duz Mahalleh is a village in Gilan Province, Iran.
Alex Hutchings played for the ETC Crimmitschau team between 2014 and 2015.
Terry Prindiville played for the Western Australia cricket team between 1969 and 1972.
The West Regional League is a rugby union sports league that was established in 1973.
Corine van der Zijden, known as Corine, is a member of the Feminine Cycling Team and is a human being.
Christopher Mann ( cricketer )'s cricket career began in 2001 with Durham County Cricket Club.
Arnhold Rivas played for Cimarrones de Sonora, where he started his career in 2013.
The Lawrence Batley Seniors is a golf tournament that was founded in 1992.
Octavian Chihaia started his career in CS Otopeni in 2008.
Claudio Jara played for AD Carmelita, he started his career in 1996.
Thomaston is an unincorporated community in DeWitt County, Texas, in the United States.
Asurena is a village development committee in Rupandehi District, Nepal.
High Tor State Park is a New York State Park in the United States.
The 1914 Saint John street railway strike was a strike action in Canada.
Alberto Babo, known as Alberto, is a human being who played for G.D. Interclube.
Djibo Department is located in the Soum Province, Burkina Faso. It is one of the departments of Burkina Faso.
Ichiji Otani played for the Japan national football team which started in 1934. He ended his career in 1934.
Dinei started his career in 2001 with the Goiatuba Esporte Clube.
Sargis Hovsepyan started his career in 1991 and finished his career in 1992. He played for Lori FC.
Hakim Saci started with the club UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole in 2008. He retired in 2011.
Bruno Bertucci started his career in 2009 and played for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, ending his career in 2011.
Tin Ping West is a Council Constituency of North District, Hong Kong, China.
Ivan Dimitrov started his career in 1955 and played for FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, ending his career in 1965.
Dennis Schmidt started his career in 2014 with Wuppertaler SV, he ended his career in 2015.
Viktor Leonov was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union in 1944 and 1945.
Clinton Presba Anderson attended primary school in Centerville, South Dakota. This school is a state school.
The Palen Creek Correctional Centre, established in 1934, is located in the state of Queensland, Australia.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is adjacent to Kaohsiung Main Station on the Red line of Kaohsiung MRT. The station is located towards Gangshan South metro station.
Luis Alberto Bonnet played for Club Atlético Atlanta, from 1991 to 1996.
Anya Ulinich, born Anya, is a human being who has the female name.
Irfan Ismail ( cricketer , born 1988 ) played for the Quetta Bears team, which started playing in 2008.
Wolfgang Dremmler, who started his career in 1979, played for FC Bayern Munich, ending his career in 1986.
Little Penny is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California, United States.
Yalta was in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic which began in 1919, and ended on 29 December 1922.
Cayley/A.J. Flying Ranch Airport is located in Alberta, Canada.
Luwingu District is one of the districts of Zambia, which is in the Northern Province.
Vera Charles graduated from Cornell University in 1903 with the academic degree of Doctor of Philosophy.
The book The Shakespeare Wars was written by Ron Rosenbaum and published in 2006.
Dale DeGray started in the National Hockey League in 1985 and retired in 1990.
Williams v Bayley is a legal case from the United Kingdom, the judicial functions of which are the House of Lords.
Branco was a footballer from Brazil, where he started playing in 1985. He finished his career in 1995.
Paul Terry ( cartoonist ) began his career in New York City in 1911.
Joar Vaadal started his career at Steinkjer FK in 1983.
The Gautam Buddha University School of Biotechnology in India was established in 2009.
Timothy Scannell was a member of the Victoria cricket team, which started in 1910 and ended in 1910.
Marie Borroff graduated from Yale University in 1956 with a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
The National Small Industries Corporation, which was founded in 1955, is located in Delhi and is in the business of making small engines.
The 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony, presenting the Hong Kong Film Award, took place on 4 April 2004.
Amachavadi is a village in Karnataka, India.
Koen Wesdorp is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Helmond Sport.
Tom Morrison was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team which started in 1938. Tom Morrison ( rugby union ) retired in 1938.
Plainfield Public School District is located in New Jersey, United States.
Vaman Kumar is a human being from India.
Romain Achilli started with SC Bastia in 2013. He finished his career in 2015.
1974 Spanish Grand Prix was won by Niki Lauda, who started from pole position and had the fastest lap.
Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima started playing with Americano Futebol Clube in 1978 and finished in 1979.
The Petersfield School in Petersfield was founded in 1958. The school was inaugurated on July 1, 2011 and is located in Petersfield.
Eduard Ivakdalam started playing for Persipura Jayapura in 1994 and retired in 2010.
Hank Williams performs the song "Leave Me Alone with the Blues" which is country music.
Ervin Fakaj started his career in 1998 and ended it in 1999. He played for Eintracht Nordhorn.
Luis Robles started his career on January 1, 2003 with the Colorado Rapids U-23 team. He retired in 2004.
Hounslow Central tube station is on the London Underground, it was opened in 1933 and is adjacent to Hounslow East tube station.
Attila Simon, born in 1983, played for Paksi FC between 2012 and 2014.
The Stanley Dynamic is a live-action animated film, a sitcom that is written in English.
Ousmane N'Doye played for Toulouse FC from 2002 to 2004.
The Iveco LMV, an infantry mobility vehicle, is made by Fiat Automobiles and originates in Italy.
Yakiv Zalevskyi was born in Volgograd, in the Soviet Union. Volgograd is in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Mary Louise Rhodes graduated from the University of Missouri in 1939 with a master of arts degree.
Taiga Maekawa plays as a midfielder for Tokushima Vortis and is an example of human.
Bob Oates was a member of the England national under 18 football team which started in 1974 and finished in 1974.
Steven Schiff graduated from the University of New Mexico School of Law in 1972 with a Juris Doctor.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the Argentina national football team, where he started his career on 1 January 2010.
South Richmond High School is located in the New York State, United States.
Petru Racu played for FC Milsami Orhei, which began his career in 2015. He retired in June 2017.
Eshera is a human settlement in the Sukhumi District of Georgia.
Sheridan County School District Number 3 is located in Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States.
The Kerala Electrical and Allied Engineering Company is a public sector undertaking in India and was founded in 1964.
Northern Lights Community School, a high school in Minnesota, is in the United States.
Bridgetown is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Konstantin Kulik started playing for FC Odessa in 2004 and finished his career in 2006.
Pioneer Mall is a shopping mall in Singapore, it is also included in the list of places in Singapore.
Myanmar Payment Union is a business established in September 2011 in Yangon.
Siddavatam is a village in India, in Sidhout mandal.
Carel Van Falens worked in Paris, starting in 1703 and ending in 1733.
Brooklyn Skating Club is an ice hockey team in the United States.
Radio Helderberg is a community radio station in South Africa.
North Scott Community School District is located in Scott County, Iowa, United States.
Playing for Peru, José Andres Carranza, started his career in 1976.
Subcity Radio is a radio station in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Andrea Gentile started his career in 2010 with FC Canavese and ended his career in 2011.
Lucknow West Assembly constituency is located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The TV series, Life Less Ordinary, originates from Singapore, where Chinese is spoken.
Angiolino Gasparini played for Inter Milan, which he played for between 1975 and 1978.
Mazirbe is a village in Kolka Parish, Latvia.
Matteo Mancosu's club was ASD Atletico Elmas, he started playing for them in 2001 and finished his career in 2005.
Asraruddin Putra Omar played for Selangor FA between 2007 and 2013.
Kanhu Charan Mohanty won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1958.
Yeonho Station is a station on the Daegu Metro Line 2 and is located next to Damti station and Yeonho station towards Yeungnam University station.
The Virginia House of Delegates election was held in the United States on November 2, 1993.
The Thomas A. Snellgrove Homestead is a building in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Brani Do is a human settlement in Trebinje Municipality, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Madger Gomes is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Leeds United F.C.
Murarhalli is a village in Karnataka, India.
Charlton Hinman, a human being, graduated from the University of Virginia and received a Rhodes Scholarship.
Adrian Falub played for FC Basel, he started his career in 1996 and finished his career in 1997.
Harlekin is a musical composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, published in 1975.
The Möldri meri basin is in Estonia and is a lake.
Karen Aleksanyan played for Ulisses FC from 2009 to 2011.
Andrej Komac started playing for the Slovenia national football team in 2004 and ended his career in 2010.
Jack Wright was a politician who served as Chief Secretary of South Australia from 10 February 1984 to 16 July 1985.
Graeme Hugo graduated from the Australian National University in 1975 with a doctor of philosophy degree.
Kwame Boateng played for FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac from 2011 to 2012.
Kankavli is a human settlement in Sindhudurg district, India.
Hasse Jeppson began his career with S.S.C. Napoli in 1952. He finished his career in 1956.
Sam Williams was a defensive back for the Los Angeles Chargers from 1974 to 1975.
The Wright Air Service is an airline based in the United States. It was founded in 1967.
Aleksandr Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov played for PFC CSKA Moscow between 1970 and 1977.
Simen Rafn began his career in 2010 and retired in 2015. He played for Fredrikstad FK.
Andriy Rusol played for the Ukraine national football team from 2004 to 2011.
The Learning Curve International School is located in Karnataka, India.
HC Devils Milano is an ice hockey team that was established in 1989.
Fabio Carpi began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired on 26 December 2018.
Daniela Alves Lima played for Linköpings FC, the club she started with in 2008.
Sofiane Melliti began his career in 2006 with Gaziantepspor.
Lester G Telser studied at the University of Chicago, where he received a Doctor of Philosophy degree. He retired in 1956.
Fife Public Schools are located in the state of Washington, United States. They are a school district.
Cachorro Lopez won the Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year in 2006. He also won the award in 2009.
The F4 Japanese Championship is a sports competition which was established in Japan in 2015.
The 2017 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team played American football.
Terry Greer graduated from Alabama State University and is a human resource manager. He played for the San Francisco 49ers.
The 1977 Australian Sports Sedan Championship was held in Australia during the 1977 season.
Simon Duggan won the 2013 AACTA Award for Best Cinematography for The Great Gatsby.
David Mathers played for the Scottish national football team, which started in 1954 and ended in 1954.
Victorien Djedje played for the Ivory Coast national under-23 football team, which began in 2007.
Pino Daeni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which started on November 8, 1939 and ended on June 18, 1946.
Novellist is a male horse who was born March 10th 2009. His father was Monsun.
Sporcle is a website that was created in 2007 and uses the English language.
Hubertus Quellinus, who worked in Rome, started his career in Rome in 1650, and finished in 1655.
Maarten Tjallingii started his career in 2009 and ended his career in 2016. He was a member of Team Jumbo-Visma.
Noah's Mill is a drink made by Willett Distillery that originates from the United States.
Theo Brokmann started his career in 1912 and finished it in 1925. He played for AFC Ajax.
The genre of Ouka Leele is Johannes Leonardus van der Heijden. He speaks Spanish and is human.
Iván Malon began his career in 2008 with Real Murcia.
Ruel Brathwaite played for the British Universities cricket team which started in 2006.
The Journal of Bridge Engineering is published in English, it is a scientific journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Leonardo Ponzio played for the Argentina national football team between 2003 and 2013.
Diaoyutai Subdistrict, Tangshan is a subdistrict in Lubei District, Tangshan, China.
Dmitry Mikhaylov started his career in 1993 with FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg.
The Cathedral of the Nativity in Cairo is an orthodox cathedral located in the Cairo Governorate, Egypt.
The Wildcat Hills, in the state of Nebraska, are a landform of the United States.
McKee Creek is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada.
Kris Bryant plays for the United States and his position is third baseman. He won the Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award.
Ridha El Louze played for the Tunisia national football team from 1973 to 1979.
Bezdan is a human settlement in the Sombor District of Serbia.
Ralph Wright played for Miami Toros from 1974 to 1976.
Sonic Protest is a music festival in France that was created in 2003.
Rocket Raccoon is a limited series of comics published by Marvel Comics. The author of Rocket Raccoon is Bill Mantlo.
Michel De Wolf played for K.A.A. Gent from 1983 to 1988.
Opa Nguette was a member of the French national under-18 football team which started in 2012.
Whitwell Common is a village in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
Beaumont Cranfield played for Somerset County Cricket Club, which started in 1897 and ended in 1908.
Leslie Fitzpatrick played for the Cincinnati Riverhawks, who started in the 2002 season.
Andrew Lemoncello, born Andrew, graduated from Florida State University with a degree in human resources.
The Champion-Providence Mine is located in California, United States and is a gold mine.
The White Foil Gold Mine is located in Western Australia.
Domenico Caso played for Inter Milan between 1979 and 1981.
Silver Side Up won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year in 2002. Nickelback are the winners of the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year.
Roman Voynarovskyi began his career in 2009 and played for FC Desna Chernihiv, ending his career in 2010.
Marion Wilson, a University of Cincinnati alum, is the artist Marion Wilson.
Arnaldo Bonfanti played for Calcio Lecco 1912 between 2007 and 2008.
Jake Lehmann played for Adelaide Strikers, which he retired from in 2000. He started his career with the club in 2015.
Chapel Brampton is a village in England, United Kingdom.
Paul Symon was Director-General of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service from December 18, 2017 until he was succeeded by Nick Warner.
St. Andrews is located in Richland County, South Carolina in the United States. It is a census-designated place.
Sahib Abbas played for Al Talaba SC between 2000 and 2001.
Robert Hurt ( politician ) graduated from Hampden-Sydney College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1991.
Francisco Bahamondes played for Unión La Calera from 2010 to 2015.
Alicia Lourteig won a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1951 and in 1952.
The FTL Games developer SunDog: Frozen Legacy was designed by Bruce Webster and uses the joystick as an input method.
Wesam Malik is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Naft Al-Junoob SC.
Morten Knudsen began his career in 2014 and is a member of the A.C. Prato. A.C. Prato was acquired by loan (sports).
Green Day won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction in 2005 and 2009.
The Sutter Union High School District is located in California, United States.
Alexei Kalyuzhny was born in Minsk, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, in the Soviet Union.
The Bishkhali River, which is found in Bangladesh, flows into the Bay of Bengal.
Clint Irwin played for Charlotte Eagles in 2012.
Sascha Bigalke played for Hertha BSC II from 2007 until 2011.
Arif Mardin is the producer of Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby) which was recorded by Atco Records. The song was written after Boom Bang-a-Bang.
Matt Millen played for the Oakland Raiders who started in 1980 and finished in 1988.
Marco Weißhaupt began his career in 2004 with Sportfreunde Siegen.
Lord Livingstone 7000 Kandi, a Malayalam film, originates from India and was produced by Prem Menon.
Paul Wynnyk was the commander of the 3rd Canadian Division, which began in 2010 and ended in 2012.
Sadiya is a human settlement in Tinsukia district of India.
Ugolnye Kopi is an urban settlement in Russia and one of the subdivisions of Russia.
The Seven Wonders of the World was directed by Paul Mantz and Tay Garnett and originates from the United States.
Faradje is a human settlement in the Faradje Territory in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Barassie is a village in South Ayrshire, United Kingdom.
Adam Zampa began his career in 2012 with the Sydney Thunder, and ended his career in 2013.
The Motor City Mechanics are an ice hockey team in the United States.
Gregory Claeys became a member of the Academia Europaea in 2015 and is affiliated to the AE section of History and Archaeology.
Scottish Television headquarters are located in Theatre Royal, Glasgow. The Theatre Royal in Glasgow was started in 1957 and ended in 1974.
The Gadabay District is in Azerbaijan, where the country began on 18 October 1991. The Soviet Socialist Republic ended on 17 October 1991.
Gianfranco Petris played for U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 between 1956 and 1958.
The song Hey Nineteen is from the United States and was produced by Gary Katz. It is the sequel to the Steely Dan song Josie.
Ashley Day played for Durham Cricket Board, which began in 2001 and finished in 2002.
Chunaw is a human settlement in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Beverly Farms is a human settlement in Massachusetts, in the United States.
Ain Tarik District is located in Relizane Province, Algeria.
Anatoli Tebloyev played for FC Oryol, which he joined in 2006.
Abbasqulular is a human settlement in the Tovuz District of Azerbaijan.
The 1964 Redbridge London Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Benik Hovhannisyan is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Urartu.
With a Song in My Heart is a song written by Richard Rodgers and published in 1929.
The Clarkson Golden Knights women's ice hockey team is based in the United States.
The United States Army's Thad McIntosh Guyer was a human being who was awarded the Bronze Star Medal.
NCCU International MBA is a university in Taipei that was established in 2001.
Milecastle 16 is a human settlement located in Northumberland, United Kingdom.
The Republic of Lucca's basic form of government was the Medieval commune, which began in 1119 and ended in 1628.
The Taste of Tea, from Japan, stars Anna Tsuchiya and Kenichi Matsuyama.
Heinz Fromm is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He is a human being.
Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin is a human badminton player from Indonesia.
The Albatros L 79 is a subclass of aerobatic aircraft manufactured by Albatros Flugzeugwerke.
The launch of Chandrayaan-2 occurred at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre Second Launch Pad on July 22nd 2019.
A.J. Guyton played for the club Virtus Pallacanestro Bologna from 2004 to 2005.
Lienchiang County Constituency is a regional district of the Taiwan legislature. It is located in Lienchiang County, Taiwan.
New Wells is an unincorporated community in Missouri, in the United States.
Heracles General Cement, a business owned by LafargeHolcim, is located in Athens.
Manderley Castle was established in 1840 and is located in the Republic of Ireland.
John Fulton Reid's cricket career began in 1975 and he played for the Auckland cricket team until 1988.
Richmond Centre is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was created in 1991.
Philippsbourg is located in Bezirk Lothringen which was established in 1871 and ended in 1920.
Michal Macek played for the Czech Republic national under 17 football team between 1998 and 1999.
The 1964 Kesteven County Council election was a local election held in the UK in 1964.
Polish League Against Defamation is a Polish organization that was founded in November 2012 in Warsaw.
Big Bend Ranch State Park, which was established in 1988, is operated by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. The park is located in North America.
Boris Papazov, who started playing football in 2010, played for PFC Akademik Sofia. He ended his career in 2012, playing for PFC Akademik Sofia.
Ricardo Vilar's club was Treze Futebol Clube, from where he began his career in 2008.
Mamuka Lomidze, a defender, plays for FC Rostov. He is also human.
Pat Daley was in the National Hockey League from 1979 to 1981.
Medicine: Prep Manual for Undergraduates is a book published by Elsevier in 2015.
Maurice Jarre won the European Film Academy Achievement in World Cinema Award in 2005.
John Jones played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC between 2000 and 2001.
David Titterton, whose name is David, played for Hereford United FC in the Football League. He is a human being.
Enzo Benedetti started his career in 1955 with SSD Palermo and retired in 1965.
Piotr Jegor played for the Poland national football team from 1990 to 1997.
Harper's Dictionary of Classical Antiquities is from the United States and was written by Harry Thurston Peck.
Suehirocho Station in Tokyo was opened in 1930 and is a station on the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line. It is adjacent to Ueno-hirokoji Station.
Wuhua County Olympic Sports Centre (located in Wuhua County, China) is associated football based.
Matteo Darmian started his career in 2006 and ended his career in 2010. He played for A.C. Milan.
The 2006 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament was played during the 2006 baseball season.
Ibrahim Babatunde started his career in 2001 and ended it in 2002. He played for S.S. Arezzo.
Talesh Sara, located in Chehel Shahid Rural District, is in Iran.
Velika Gorica is the capital of Turopolje, a region of Croatia.
Perumpadappu is a village in India, located in the Malappuram district.
Sinclair Island Conservation Park is located in South Australia.
Pierre Merkel played for VfB Oldenburg, from 2014 to 2015.
Christie Memorial Provincial Park is located in the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen, in Canada.
Novo Selo is a village in Kyustendil Municipality, Kyustendil Province, Bulgaria.
Martin Jakubko played for FC Amkar Perm, from 2012 to 2015.
The Zenith STOL CH 801 is a aircraft designed by Chris Heintz and manufactured by Zenair.
Alan Ackroyd is a human being who plays for Halifax R.L.F.C.
Der Stürmer, a German language book, was written in the Weimar Republic and edited by Julius Streicher.
Justina Chen is a human name and won the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature.
Steven Perry played for Wilmington Hammerheads FC from 2012 to 2013.
Rustam Abdullaev was a member of Pakhtakor Tashkent FK who started playing in 1998.
Mariusz Lewandowski played for Poland national football team from 2002 to 2013.
Sara McLanahan graduated in 1979 with a doctor of philosophy degree from the University of Texas at Austin.
On Telecoms is a business that was founded in 2006 and has its headquarters in Chalandri.
Lord Stirling Park is a county park in New Jersey, United States.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed is a synagogue in the United States, in the city of Florida.
Lockeridge is a village in Wiltshire, United Kingdom.
Colin Edwards and Ewan McGregor star in the film Fastest which was made in Italy.
Jim Pearson plays for St Johnstone F.C. and represented Scotland in human rights.
The New Zealand Railways Department (which operated the NZR W class) began in February 1889 and ended in August 1959.
Vitamina Sanchez played for K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen, which she started with in 1999.
Mohra Topian is a village in Rawalpindi District, Pakistan.
Tomu Sione, who began his career on 1 December 1993, is the Governor General of Tuvalu. He retired on 21 June 1994.
Vodafone Challenge is a golf tournament held in Germany.
Antonio Bareiro began his career in 2010 with Sportivo Trinidense and retired in 2011.
Phularwan is a town located in the Sargodha District in Pakistan.
Shirdi Lok Sabha constituency is located in the Maharashtra state of India.
Christopher Liptrot played for the England cricket team between 1999 and 2003.
Mile Oak is a human settlement in the United Kingdom, in Brighton and Hove.
The band Taplow Choirs, which were formed in 2004, is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
The music of Trauma Center is by James Di Pasquale and the series was broadcast in English. The series ended on December 8, 1983.
Stefan Deak began his career in 2008 with FK Veternik and finished his career in 2010.
Mansur Kandi is a village in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Villa Rocca Matilde is located in Naples, Italy.
Ganesh Patro won the Nandi Award for Best Dialogue Writer in 1984 and 1988.
Ignacio Gonzalez Baron, who started his career on 1 January 2008, played for Chacarita Juniors. He ended his career in 2009.
Shadipur (Bhagalpur) is a village in India in the state of Bihar.
Aksharanadam is a tabloid newspaper which was founded in 1995.
Capri, a horse who competed in horse racing, was born in 2014 and is the son of Galileo.
Martin Gould won the 2013 Championship League, the same league he won in 2012, and was followed by the 2014 Championship League.
Rooftop Rendezvous is an English speaking TV series from Australia.
Charles F. Erb graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1923 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
The Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts is a women's curling tournament in Canada.
Nika Basariya is a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, the team that she started playing for on 26 March 2019.
Alexandru Costin played for FC Dacia-2 Buiucani between 2012 and 2013.
Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort in Utah, United States.
The Sportsman's Association is a non-profit organization founded in 1996 in London.
Matt Costello began his career in 2017 with Austin Spurs and finished his career in 2018.
Javier Oliva González started his career in 2002 and ended his career in 2009. He played for CD Castellon.
Kim Min-je began his career with Ehime FC in 2014.
The UCF Knights football home ground was the Camping World Stadium, which was started in 1979 and ended in 2006.
Frank Montgomery School is in Sturry, United Kingdom.
Harijs Fogelis played for RFK Riga from 1927 to 1930.
Mulopo Kudimbana was a member of the Belgium national under-21 football team, which began in 2007 and finished in January 2007.
Sebastiano Baggio was born in Italy, he started performing on 18 June 1946 and retired on 21 March 1993.
Giuseppe Pugliese started his career with A.C. Monza in 2015.
Piao Cheng was a member of the China national under-20 football team. He started his career in 2008 and ended his career in 2008.
Jamal Murray began playing for the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team in 2015. He retired in 2016.
Carcanet Press, a business founded in 1969, is headquartered in Manchester.
Jean Étienne Duby was born in Geneva, Switzerland, in the Republic of Geneva.
Marcos Danilo Padilha started his career in 2010 and played for Arapongas Esporte Clube before ending his career in 2011.
Bajo un mismo rostro is a Spanish language TV series distributed by Televisa.
Forest Lake State Park is in New Hampshire, in the United States.
Bill Sutherland, who began his National Hockey League career in 1967, retired in 1972.
Paolino Taddei was born in the Kingdom of Italy, a country which started on March 17th, 1861, and ended on October 15th, 1925.
DYKP is a radio station owned by Dream FM Network that was founded in 1992.
Ron Lord played for Sydney FC Prague between 1957 and 1965.
Nikolay Zolotov began his career in 2014 and he played for FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk before ending his career in 2016.
The Mkombozi Commercial Bank, a business that was founded in 2009, is located in Dar es Salaam.
Ed Radwanski played for the United States men's national soccer team, which began in 1985 and ended in 1985.
Vladyslav Pavlenko played for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod. He started playing for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in 2014.
Raaso is a human settlement in Raaso, Ethiopia.
Paul Mehl represented Germany, starting in 1936.
Shurland David was born in Trinidad and Tobago, where he played from 1996 to 2001.
The 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament was a season for basketball.
Manuel Fleitas Solich played for the Paraguay national football team between 1919 and 1926.
Aaron Pitchkolan played for the San Antonio Scorpions in 2012.
Cholderton and District Water Company was founded in 1904 and is located in Cholderton. The business is still in business.
Shalawa Meadow is located in California, in the United States. Shalawa Meadow is a protected area.
Mike Nykoluk played in the National Hockey League, from 1956 to 1957.
John Leguizamo has won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance in 1998 and 2011.
George Yost Coffin, also known as George Albert Coffin, is a human being.
Lamba is a human settlement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Lamba is different from Lamba language.
Yura Movsisyan played for Sporting Kansas City, a team he started playing for in 2006. He retired in 2007.
1992 Formula One World Championship was a season in which the sport of Formula One was contested. This sport was followed by the 1993 Formula One World Championship. The 1991 Formula One World Championship was the previous season of Formula One.
The company Bare Knuckle Pickups, founded in 2003 in England, is in the business of making knuckle pickups.
The Middlewich Branch is part of the Shropshire Union Canal in the United Kingdom.
Enis Alushi played for SV Wehen Wiesbaden, which began in 2007 and ended in 2008.
Dame Diouf played for FC 08 Homburg between 1996 and 1999.
The Lakeside School District is located in Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States.
The Joint Council on International Children's Services, founded in 1975, is headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia. The organization offers services to children.
The Icelandic Swimming Association is the sports governing body in Iceland and was created in 1951.
Zdeslav Vrdoljak is a human water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Ilya Trunin was a member of the Russian national under-21 football team which began on January 1, 2013.
Marie Royce graduated from Georgetown University in 1996 with a Master of Business Administration degree.
Alex Dias began his career in 2009 with the Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano.
Aaron Hardy played for F.C. Halifax Town from 2009 to 2012.
Saverio Muratori was from the Kingdom of Italy, which began in 1910 and ended on 18 June 1946.
St John's Chapel is a village in County Durham, United Kingdom.
Nadeem Karim played for Duhok SC between 2010 and 2011.
Raymond W. Gibbs Jr., known as Raymond, graduated from the University of California. He was awarded the title of Fellow of the Cognitive Science Society.
The Macclesfield Bank is an ocean bank located in the South China Sea, in China.
The Science and Rationalists' Association of India, which was founded in 1985, is headquartered in Kolkata. The Association's business is to promote the scientific and rationalists' interests in India.
The Alexander Von Humboldt Fellow, Doctor of Philosophy, Ahmed Zewail, was awarded the Priestley Medal.
Axel Brage started playing for Malmö Redhawks in 2012. He plays goaltender for the team.
Sindhora is a village in the Bhopal district of India.
Luis Torres Rodriguez started playing for Halcones FC in 2009.
Water Engineers for the Americas is a non-profit organization based in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Schalmont High School is located in the New York State, United States. The school is a high school in North America.
Cluden Racecourse is located in Queensland, Australia and is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Tvoja tvár znie povedome is a television show that originated in Slovakia. The show is based on the TV series Your Face Sounds Familiar.
The Cherokee Turnpike is located in Locust Grove, Oklahoma, which is located west of the state.
Carlo Romano began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 16 August 1975.
The Nigeria Mortgage Refinance Company is a publicly traded company that was created on June 24, 2013.
Emilio Sereni was a national of the Kingdom of Italy, which was his country of birth from 13 August 1907 to 18 June 1946.
The Kerteminde Fjord is in Kerteminde Municipality, Denmark.
The book Twelve Books That Changed the World was written by Melvyn Bragg and published in 2006.
Haim Revivo played for the Israel national football team between 1992 and 2004.
Aleksandr Salugin played for PFC CSKA Moscow, which he started playing for on 1 January 2005. He retired in January 2007.
Pode Hole is a village in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Alex Horwath played for the Madison 56ers team, which started play in the 2007 season.
Phill Davies played for Section Paloise between 2009 and 2010.
Khalid Boulahrouz was a member of the Netherlands national football team, which started in 2004 and ended in 2012.
Levan Khomeriki started his career in 1999 with K.R.C. Mechelen.
Claiborne Parish School Board is a school district in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The Westminster City Council election, 1990 was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Manuel Neira started his career in Gaziantepspor in 2007 and ended it in 2008.
Steven Deana played for Switzerland national under 19 football team, starting on 1 January 2008 and ending on 1 January 2009.
Pipistrel Alpha Trainer is a corporation in Slovenia.
Patrick Farkas was in the Austria national under-21 football team, which started on January 1st 2010.
The Schifflange communal council is in Luxembourg. It has jurisdiction over the city of Schifflange.
Magpie Island is a river island located in the River Thames, United Kingdom.
Bristol Beach State Park is a New York state park in Saugerties, New York, United States.
The rector of Moscow State University was Ivan Petrovsky, who began his career in 1951 and retired in 1973.
Bernardo Fernandes da Silva played football for the Brazil national football team. He started his career in 1989.
The Wind from the Sun was written in English and published by Harcourt.
The 1995 Philippine Basketball Association Commissioner's Cup was held in the Philippines.
OldTown White Coffee is a business that was founded in 1999. The headquarters of the company is located in Ipoh.
Stefan Brasas played for SpVgg Unterhaching from 2003 to 2005.
Liam Plunkett began his career with the Sylhet Sixers in 2017.
Anne Hope was born on November 1, 1850 and lives in Kolkata. She was baptized on November 1st 1850 and lives in Harley Street.
Sop Bao District is located in the Houaphanh Province, Laos.
Gervais Batota started with AS Lyon-Duchère in 2005. He finished his career in 2007.
Doug Padgett (born Doug) plays for the England cricket team and is a human being.
Cristina Pizarro played for CE Sant Gabriel, from 2013 to 2014.
The Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls hotel is located in Ontario, Canada.
Pascal Braud played for Dijon FCO between 2003 and 2005.
Mikhail Chesnokov started his career in 1987 playing for FC Fakel Voronezh.
The McAllen Botanical Gardens are located in Texas, in the United States.
The Pleiades supercomputer is manufactured by Silicon Graphics International and is based on the SGI ICE X. It is also based on the SGI Altix ICE 8200EX.
Wes Knight played for the San Antonio Scorpions who were in the 2012 season.
Daleszewo is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino.
Marius Willsch started playing for SpVgg Unterhaching in 2012. He ended his career in 2014.
Othello station is adjacent to Columbia City station which is on the Sound Transit Red Line. Columbia City station is located towards the University of Washington station.
Juraj Piroska played for the Slovakia national under-21 football team from 2007 to 2008.
Davide Succi began his career at S.S.D. Palermo in 2008 and retired in 2012.
Mark Coxon, a human being, played for Wiltshire County Cricket Club.
Air1 is a United States broadcast network that was founded in 1986.
Monica S. Lam graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 1987 with an academic Doctor of Philosophy degree.
The MAX Yellow Line's Delta Park/Vanport station was opened on May 1, 2004. Kenton/North Denver Avenue station is adjacent to Delta Park/Vanport station.
Kazuyuki Morisaki played for Sanfrecce Hiroshima from 1999 to 2018.
Jocelyn Gourvennec has represented the France national under-21 football team, a team he started playing for in 1992 and finished in 1994.
Héctor Enrique played for Sagan Tosu, he started his career in 1995.
Era Baru, a business founded in 1981, has its headquarters in Seremban.
Mamunta Mayosso Wildlife Sanctuary was established in 1981 and is a protected area in Sierra Leone.
The Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Süd is a sports league for association football that was created in 1963.
Brattle Street is a thoroughfare in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
The Ivychurch Priory is a monastery in the United Kingdom. It was established on 17 January 1101.
Paul Bairoch was at the University of Geneva from 1972 to 1999.
Chhampi is a village development committee in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Haitian Times, which is published in English, was founded in 1999.
Juanma Acevedo played for Hércules CF B from 2013 to 2014.
Mallepally is a suburb in the Hyderabad district of India.
Ancoraimes Municipality is located in the Omasuyos Province in Bolivia.
Richard Ashcroft is a member of the Psychedelic rock band The Verve who were formed in Wigan.
Roy Sáenz played for the Costa Rica national football team between 1965 and 1972.
Shanon Carmelia started playing for Centro Social Deportivo Barber in 2007 and ended his career in 2008.
Eino Puri is a member of the Estonia national under-19 football team and also plays for FC Botosani.
Daniele De Vezze, who started playing for ACF Fiorentina in 2003, retired in 2005.
Kenny Mitchell started his career with Lapuan Virkia in 1988.
Ahmed Salah Hosny started playing for Ismaily SC in 2007 and finished his career in 2008.
The GNR Class C1 small boiler was manufactured at Doncaster Works, which began in May 1898 and ended in June 1903.
Castillo de Teayo is a municipality in Veracruz, Mexico.
Grupo Corripio is a business founded in 1917 in Santo Domingo.
August Schleicher was awarded the Prix Volney in 1863 and 1867.
Melih Mahmutoglu played for Darüşşafaka Basketbol from 2008 to 2010.
The Gokatsura Pond Furusato Village, Japan, was established in 1993 and is a zoo.
Dharangaon is a human settlement in the Jalgaon district of India.
The RMS City of Chester is a ship built by Caird & Company in the United Kingdom.
Yeo Sung-hae played for Gyeongnam FC from 2014 to 2014.
Damala Hagare is a district and human settlement in Somalia.
Fleet Hargate is a village in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Vittoria Cocito was born in Italy, where she began her career on 18 June 1946. She ended her career on 1 July 1971.
The 2011 World Scrabble Championship was held in Poland.
Neto ( footballer )'s club was Paulista Futebol Clube, he started his career there in 1998.
VEGAS.com, a business founded in 1998, is located in Henderson, Nevada.
The James Mitchell School is located in the city of Arkansas, United States. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dalchoki is a village development committee in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Raubold House, in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Milton Ulladulla Times is a newspaper in Australia which was founded in 1878.
Hemlock Overlook Regional Park is a regional park in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
The blog Hot Air was founded in 2006 and is owned by Salem Media Group.
Murray Goodwin played for Western Australia cricket team from 1994 to 2007.
The 1952 Bulgarian Cup Final was a football match that took place in Bulgaria.
The Concordia Choir, which is from the United States, was established in 1920.
Queen Village is a neighbourhood in Philadelphia, United States.
The New England Riptide is a baseball team based in the United States.
Hirendranath Mukherjee was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 1991, for his work in the public affairs industry.
John Dawkins was Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment from December 13, 1984 until July 24, 1987.
Sargis Hovsepyan was born in Yerevan, Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union.
Matthias Minder started his career on 1 July 2018 and has played for Neuchâtel Xamax FCS. He was part of the club's team at the 2018 season.
Giuseppe Favalli was a member of the Italian national football team, playing from 1994 to 2004.
Tamatoa Wagemann played for the Tahiti national football team between 2007 and 2013.
Fork River is an unincorporated area in Manitoba, Canada.
The Ravinia Festival is located in Illinois, United States.
Vladislav Uzunov played for FC Dimitrovgrad from 2011 to 2012.
Aurel Guga started with CSM Lugoj in 1921.
Richard Landis is the producer of the song "First Time Caller" which was followed by "Tell Me True". The song was written after "What Can I Do with My Heart".
Luis Fernando Fuentes began his career in 2007 and started playing for the club Universidad Nacional in 2008.
The Kalabhra dynasty was succeeded by the Pallava dynasty and the Chera dynasty. The Kalabhra dynasty's capital is Puhar, Nagapattinam.
Valeriy Palamarchuk began his career in 1988 with MFC Mykolaiv.
Austria was in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985.
KZDY is a radio station located in Cawker City, Kansas, United States.
Wil Wheaton, voice actor, is the character Ted Kord. He is also part of the cast of Batman: The Brave and the Bold.
The College of Engineering Roorkee is an engineering school in India which was established in 1998.
Cloudy Bay Vineyards is a winery in New Zealand which was founded in 1985.
Makoto Segawa began his career in 1995 with Fukushima FC and ended his career in 1997.
Pennsylvania Railroad began in February 1952 and operates the class E3c. The Pennsylvania Railroad ended their operation in 1964.
Continental Air Services, Inc. is an airline based in the United States. The company was founded in 1950.
Golden Triangle is located in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is a census-designated place.
The Rosenhang Museum in Germany was established in January 2017.
Elfia is a festival in the Netherlands that was started in 2001.
Dmitri Bayda played for FC Dynamo Barnaul, he began his career in 2003.
Frank Seator played for the Liberia national football team from 2000 to 2008.
Birkenhead Grange Lane railway station is in Birkenhead, United Kingdom. It is a train station.
The Walt Disney Company, which owns Dimension Films, began its operations on 30 June 1993 and ended it on 10 December 2010.
Luisa Via Roma was founded in 1930 in Florence, a city where the company headquarters are located. The flagship store of Luisa Via Roma is in Florence.
Billy Celeski is a member of the Australian national soccer team. He began his career in 2009 and ended his career in 2009.
Child, Youth and Family in New Zealand is a government agency which was created in 1999. The Ministry of Social Development is the parent organization of Child, Youth and Family ( New Zealand ).
The State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan was founded on December 29, 1999 in Baku. Its main business is oil refining.
Tic Tac was made in Sweden and stars Michael Nyqvist and Tintin Anderzon.
Edward S. Feldman is the producer of Moon of the Wolf, which was made in the United States. The film was edited by Richard Halsey.
Khalkanlu is a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Lars Toborg played for FC Bremerhaven between 1995 and 1998.
People's Artist of the Georgian SSR, Ariadna Shengelaya, is married to Eldar Shengelaia. She is an artist who uses the human body.
Edith Clarke graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1919 with a Master of Science degree.
DrQueue is a free software application that uses animation and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Jochen Rindt and Lotus were the winners of the 1970 Formula One season.
Rony Flores played for the club Sud América, which he started playing for in 2010.
Dawid Plizga played for GKS Katowice which started in 2004 and finished in 2005.
Zakari Lambo played for VfR Mannheim, starting in 1999 and ending in 2000.
David Grimaldi played soccer for Cleveland Cobras who started in 1981.
Zhang Shichang played for the China national under 23 football team from 2009 to 2010.
Carlos Garrido's club was the Universidad de Chile, he started playing for the club in 2001 and finished his career in 2003.
Casiano Delvalle started his career with Shonan Bellmare in 2005.
Henrik Larsson played for the Sweden national football team between 1993 and 2009.
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov was born in Koshki, Samara Oblast (in the Samara Governorate) in the Russian empire.
Luigi Rizzi started his career in 1932 and finished his career in 1933. He played for A.C. Legnano.
Kyle Segebart played for the Cincinnati Kings from 2009 to 2009.
Tim Gutberlet began his career in 1996 with FC Bayern Munich II. He ended his career in 1998.
Mistake Bay is located in Nunavut, Canada.
The English language ASTM Standard, ASTM F883, is published by ASTM International.
Pavel Kirylchyk started playing for FC Karpaty Lviv in 2007. He retired in 2008.
Caramba is a pop rock band from Sweden.
Scarlett Johansson won a Theatre World Award in 2010 for her work on A View from the Bridge.
The Dăncilă Cabinet was the cabinet of Romania which was formed on 29 January 2018.
The 2018 Parry Sound District municipal elections were held in Canada.
The Department of Water and Sanitation was established in 1912 and is part of the Ministry of Water Resources in South Africa.
KZWV is a radio station in Eldon, Missouri, United States.
KSJI is a radio station in St. Joseph, Missouri, United States.
Furius ISO Mount is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License. It is available for Linux.
Phadia was founded in 1971 in Uppsala, and is a business that offers products for home and business use.
Avi Tikva played for the Israel national under-18 football team between 1992 and 1993.
Hugo Rodrigues Imbelloni began his career in 2012 with the club Ituano FC.
The Kau Kee Restaurant is located in Hong Kong, China.
Barkhamsted Center Historic District is a historic district located in Barkhamsted, Connecticut, United States.
Moggy Hollow Natural Area is located in New Jersey, United States. It is a protected area.
Bronx County Hall of Justice is a courthouse in Bronx County, New York, United States.
Adam Fogt, a midfielder, represented the Denmark national football team. He is a human being.
Nakuru County Council is the government in Nakuru, Kenya.
The South Cuyama Oil Field is located in California, in the United States.
Uco District is one of the districts of Peru and located in Huari Province.
Tadej Valjavec started his career in 2006 and ended his career in 2007. He plays for the UAE Team Emirates.
Downtown St. Catharines is the central business district of St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.
Cliff Marshall played for the Miami Toros who started in 1976.
The London and South Western Railway, who began their service in June 1879, operated the LSWR 46 class, which ended on 31 December 1922.
Uttoxeter Rural is a civil parish in East Staffordshire in the United Kingdom.
Yuji Sakakura played for Nagoya Grampus, he started playing for the club in 1995.
Stanislav Buchnev started his career in 2013 and retired in 2014. He is a member of the FC Angusht Nazran club.
Granite School District is located in Utah, United States.
Sattley is a census-designated place in Sierra County, California, in the United States.
Poprad Landscape Park is located in Poland and is categorized as a protected landscape in the IUCN category V.
Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is a school district in Gary, Indiana, United States.
The Lower Rhine Cup is an association football competition that was created in 1980.
Reinhard Roder played for 1 FC Koln between 1967 and 1968.
The ICGA Journal is a periodical literature that was established in 1977 in English.
Felipe Rodriguez ( soccer ) played for the Colorado Rapids in 1996.
The Westfield News is a newspaper published in Westfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Sergiu Homei began his career with FC Academica Clinceni in February 2016. He finished his career in July 2016.
Sebastian Vettel won the 2011 Turkish Grand Prix. He started from pole position and the fastest lap was made by Mark Webber.
Nishi-Agano Station is located adjacent to Agano Station, which is on the Seibu Chichibu Line. Agano Station is located towards Agano Station.
Erald Turdiu played for KF Tirana between 2006 and 2007.
Dzmitry Turlin started his career with FC Gorodeya in 2013.
Giacomo Bindi began his career on 1 January 2006 and ended it in 2010. He played for Inter Milan.
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné started playing for Hertha BSC II in 2008. He retired in 2009.
Shyam Benegal won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English in 1995 for The Making of the Mahatma.
The British Rail Class 33 was manufactured by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, which started in 1960 and ended in 1962.
The Houston Rockets play their home matches at the Pechanga Arena, which was opened in 1967. The arena closed in 1971.
Wuxtry Records is a record shop in Athens, Georgia that was established in March 1976.
Akash Lal is a human being who plays for the Patiala cricket team in India.
Datunlu East station is located between Anlilu station which is on Line 15 of the Beijing Subway. Anlilu station is a station that is positioned towards Qinghuadongluxikou station.
The original language of the film Rocky Road to Dublin is English. The director of photography for the film is Raoul Coutard and the film's location is Dublin.
Colin McFadyean was a member of the England national rugby union team, which began on 12 February 1966 and ended on 10 February 1968.
Oleksandr Golovash began his career on 7 June 2013 and ended it on 5 June 2016. He is a member of Kolss Cycling Team.
Frederic M. Wheelock began working at Haverford College in 1926 and ended his career in 1929.
Jyri Häkämies graduated from the University of Helsinki in 1986 with a master's degree.
Nina Paw won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress for her role in The Way We Are in 2009.
The Pointer Sisters won the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Band/Duo/Group in 1985.
Manuel Torres Pastor played for Real Madrid CF, where he began his career in 1957.
The Alice Okolo Bridge was inaugurated on September 1st 2015 in Nigeria.
Betsy Hassett played for SC Sand, where she began her career in 2013.
Marko Lepik played for the Estonia national football team, he started his career in 1995.
Alain Lorieux played for FC Grenoble from 1985 to 1989.
Nels Stewart won the Hart Memorial Trophy in 1926 and 1930.
Nutt Bluff is a cliff located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the continent of Antarctica.
The Red Stick International Animation Festival, founded in 2005, is located in the United States. The festival is a film festival.
Fabio Nigro started his career in 1996 with Estudiantes de La Plata. He ended his career in 1997.
James Thorpe ( cricketer ) played for Sussex County Cricket Club, making his debut in 2010.
Josh Wagenaar played for the Canada men's national soccer team from 2006 to 2010.
Kana Ichikawa, who competed at the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships, is from Japan. He graduated from Chukyo University.
Baja Broadband, a subsidiary of US Cable, is located in Alamogordo, New Mexico. The company's main business is broadband internet.
Lindenbergh Francisco da Silva began his career in 2012 with Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Scott D. Malkin is the son of Peter L. Malkin. He attended Harvard Business School.
Alexandros Pagalis played for Ethnikos Assia FC between 2010 and 2012.
Ariel Santana played for the club Deportivo Saprissa from 2008 to 2010.
David Steinman, born with the name David, graduated from Columbia University. He is an expert in the field of human rights.
Rudy Jansen, started his career in 2011 and retired in 2013. He has also played for SV Spakenburg.
William McLeod was a footballer for the Scottish national football team who began their career in 1886.
Sergei Bragin began his career in 1997 with JK Tallinna Sadam.
Guillermo Burdisso played for Club El Porvenir between 2005 and 2006.
The 8th Asian Film Awards included Huang Bo as one of the nominees for the Asian Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the film No Man's Land (2013).
The Lost Get Found is the English language song from the United States. It was written by Brett Nicole and was followed by the song Walk on the Water.
Andre De Nul played for the Belgium national football team, he started his career in 1971 and retired in 1971.
Peter Bradley played for Minor Counties of English and Welsh cricket, making his debut in 1976.
Amancio Amaro won the Pichichi Trophy in 1969 and 1970.
The 1996 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was held at the end of the 1996 season.
Heath Pearce began his career in 2007 with FC Hansa Rostock and retired in 2009.
Frank Arnesen played for Fremad Amager between 1974 and 1975.
Sergio Campano Franco, who began his career in 2010, played for Sporting Villanueva Promesas. He retired in 2011.
The Ministry of Communication Equipment Industry was established in 1946 in the Soviet Union and dissolved in 1989.
Cezary Kucharski played for FC Aarau, starting in 1993 and ending in 1995.
Paul Hindemith is the composer of the musical composition Konzertmusik for Brass and String Orchestra, published in 1930.
Gino Coutinho played for ADO Den Haag, where he began his career in 2008 and ended his career in 2014.
Kevin Spacey won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Usual Suspects in 1995.
Joel Huiqui's football career began in Mexico in 2005 and ended in 2013.
The film Journey to Space was released in the United States on February 13th 2015.
Michael Paulsen started his career in 1922 and played for SK Brann.
Kevin Stevens was born in the United States and graduated from Boston College. He played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Danny Wintjens started his career with FC Twente in 2005 and retired in 2006.
Scott Hookey played for the Tasmania cricket team between 1989 and 1991.
SynfiniWay is a software application for Microsoft Windows developed by Fujitsu.
Charleston Battery play in the United Soccer League which began in 1993 and ended in 1994.
Angel Chervenkov started his career in 1984 and ended his career in 1987. He played for PFC CSKA Sofia.
Gino DiFlorio played for the Canada men's national football team, which started in 1988 and ended in 1988.
Waka Nathan was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team. He started playing for the national side on 16 May 1962 and finished his career on 16 December 1967.
Shahid Afridi played for Sindh cricket team between 2007 and 2008.
Ricky Pinheiro began his career in 2014 and played for SV Elversberg. He retired in 2015.
Matthias Withoos worked in Hoorn, which he began in 1672 and finished in 1703.
Clem Wilson played for the England cricket team, beginning in 1899.
Juan Bautista Agüero played for the Paraguay national football team between 1955 and 1958.
Asahikawa Station is located adjacent to Kaguraoka Station which is on the Furano Line. Kaguraoka Station is located towards Furano Station.
The Sacramento Stealth is a baseball team that plays in the United States.
Mário Moinhos played for the Portugal national football team between 1975 and 1976.
The TV series Poor Richard's Almanack was originally shown in English.
Francisco Alcaraz, who was a member of the Club Nacional football team, was a participant at the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
The International Journal of Operations & Production Management, published in English, is a scientific journal. It is published by Emerald Group Publishing.
Sid Page plays the violin and performs jazz music. He is a human being.
José Antonio Reyes began his career in January 2019 and finished his career in June 2019. He plays for Extremadura UD.
Arthur William Yager, a member of the Australian Labor Party, is a human being.
Toshitaka Kimura was a member of the Japan national rugby union team which began in 1984. He retired in 1987.
Timo Nagy played for SV Wacker Burghausen II between 1998 and 2001.
Marco Antonio Rojas began his career in 1988 with A.D. Limonense.
Anastasia Anastasio, whose family name is Anastasia, is a human.
Kyle Cumiskey started his National Hockey League career in 2006. He retired in 2015.
Francisco Silva was a Portuguese footballer who played for Portugal in 1930.
Ali El-Omari started playing for Apollon Kalamarias in 2005 and finished his career in 2006.
Norsborg metro station is west of Hallunda metro station and is connected to Red Line.
Mike Michaud attended Schenck High School in Millinocket Maine. He graduated from Schenck High School in 1973.
Leonardo Cilaurren started his career in 1929 and ended it in 1931. He played for the Arenas Club de Getxo.
Theofilos Kouroupis played for P.A.S. Korinthos between 2012 and 2013.
Cho Hyun played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings between 1996 and 2000.
Milan Pecelj started his career in 2002 and played for NK Brotnjo, ending his career in 2003.
Samsung Lions, whose home ground is Daegu Samsung Lions Park, have Kim Han-soo as their head coach. The team's owner is Samsung Lions Ballpark.
Kim Dae-jung, who was the head of state of South Korea, started his career on 25 February 1998 and ended it on 24 February 2003.
Mikel Pagola started his career with CD Badajoz in 2010. He played for the club until 2011.
Oliver Barth played for SC Freiburg, which he started playing for in 2007. He retired in 2012.
Jack Hartshorne, who is a human, played for Macclesfield Town FC and Grantham Town FC.
Erick Torres Padilla started his career in 2014 and began playing for Houston Dynamo in 2015.
The American football team, 1958 North Carolina Tar Heels football team, played in the 1958 season.
Ken Catchpole was a member of the Australian national rugby union team, which began on 10 June 1961 and ended on 15 June 1968.
Francis Popham (1573-1644) was a Member of Parliament in 1626. He was also a Member of the 1628-29 Parliament and had a son named Alexander Popham.
Irvin Reyna played for the Honduras national under 20 football team which started in 2006.
UD Granadilla Tenerife is an association football club based in Spain.
Bradley Cantrell, born Bradley, graduated from the University of Kentucky.
Joseph Darst, who was the head of government of St. Louis, started his career in 1949 and retired in 1953.
ITV Studios distributed the English language series The Raggy Dolls, which ended on 20 December 1994.
Wizards' Worlds is written in English and published by Tor Books.
Manuel Vicentini began his career in 2015 and plays for Club Atlético Sarmiento. The club was acquired through a loan.
The Korabi Stadium, owned by KF Korabi Peshkopi is located in Albania.
The Montreux Ladies Open is a tennis tournament held in Montreux, Switzerland.
Dmitri Shestakov played for FC Sportakademklub Moscow, from 2001 to 2004.
The Zhengzhou South railway station is adjacent to Xinzheng Airport railway station. The station is on the Zhengzhou-Xinzheng Airport intercity railway, which is a branch line of the Zhengzhou East railway station.
Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers, a business founded in 1977, dissolved in 2012.
The Northern Railway Stadium is a cricket field in India. It was opened in 1976.
Arijan Ademi played for GNK Dinamo Zagreb between 2010 and 2012.
Dudu Georgescu started playing for AS Progresul Bucuresti in 1969 and finished his career in 1972.
The Intel X58 chip is manufactured by Intel and is different from Tylersburg, Pennsylvania.
Ricardo Sanabria is the name of a player for the Paraguay Olympic football team who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The San Pedro Mezquital River is in Mexico and its mouth is the Pacific Ocean.
The SIGCOMM Award was established in 1989 and is awarded by the SIGCOMM.
Enrique Vera started his career in 2005 with C.D. Olmedo.
The film Babai is from France and was produced by Nicole Gerhards. The film is in Albanian.
John Rafferty (Canadian politician) was a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election in the electoral district of Thunder Bay-Rainy River. The New Democratic Party is a parliamentary group in the 2015 Canadian federal election.
EMD TR1 was operated by the Illinois Central Railroad from 1941 to 1966.
The main category of Scouting and Guiding in Latvia is Scouting and Guiding (which is a sub genre of Girl Guides).
Gualtiero Driussi began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career on 24 March 1996.
Earl Jaques Jr., a member of the Delaware House of Representatives, began Earl Jaques Jr .'s legislative career on January 13th, 2009.
Goopy Bagha Phire Elo is a sequel to Hirak Rajar Deshe and originates from India. The film is in the Bengali language.
Matt Burke played for the New South Wales Waratahs from 1995 to 2004.
Edward C. Noonan, born Edward, attended American River College. He was a member of the American Independent Party.
Henry of Huntingdon, who wrote in Latin, is remembered for Historia Anglorum.
Charles Holden began working for the Underground Electric Railways Company of London in 1923. He retired in 1933.
Melissa Barbieri played for Richmond SC in 2008.
The Harbor Freeway station, which is connected to the Green Line of the Los Angeles Metro, was opened on August 12, 1995. It is located adjacent to the Vermont/Athens station.
Samir Aliyev played for the Azerbaijan national football team which he started in 1997 and finished in 2007.
Jan Gratama worked in Delft, in the years 1897 and 1904.
Anatoliy Burlin started his career in FC Sevastopol in 2011. He played for the club until 2012.
Spiros Livathinos began his career in 1986 and ended his career in 1988. His club is Pezoporikos Larnaca FC.
Sebastian Mannstrom started his football career in 2010 and started playing for the Finland national football team in 2011.
Chan Chi Hong played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, which started in 1993 and ended in 1994.
Otto Graf Lambsdorff, a member of the Lambsdorff family, was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun and Officer of the Legion of Honour.
Taras Bulba (1909 film) is based on Nikolai Gogol's novel Taras Bulba.
Ilya Maksimov was a member of the FC Kuban Krasnodar club which started on January 1, 2011.
Claire Préaux worked at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles, where she obtained a doctorate in 1927.
Federico Rizzi started his career in 1999 and ended it in 2006. He plays for AS Pizzighettone.
Deepak Chahar started his career with the Rajasthan Royals in 2011 and ended it in 2015.
Ezequiel Maggiolo played for Club Atletico Los Andes between 2000 and 2001.
Matteo Tomei started his career in 2010 with ASD Union Quinto and ended it in 2011.
John Gordon A'Bear played for the British and Irish Lions team which began in 1936.
The GNR Class J23 was manufactured at Doncaster Works which started in October 1922 and ended in April 1930.
Igor Surovikin started his career in 1980 for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alexandru Vagner began his career in 2015 with CS Concordia Chiajna.
Anatoliy Yurevich's coach is FC Ordabasy, which he started in 2011.
Birdie, a novel by Tracey Lindberg, was published in 2015.
David Campbell played for the Northern Ireland national football team from 1986 to 1988.
Robert Ogilvie played for the England national football team, starting in 1874 and ending in 1874.
Luigi Radice played for the Italy national football team, which he started playing for in 1962.
Thirumoorthy hills are located in the administrative territory of Tamil Nadu, India, on the continent of Asia.
Franz Hofer played football for Germany, a country which started competing in football in 1939.
Arturo Velazco played for the Wichita Wings from 1992 to 1994.
Sabir Khamzin started his career in 1993 with FC FShM Torpedo Moscow and retired in 1994.
The Spread of the Eagle is a TV series from the United Kingdom directed by Peter Dews.
Francesco Zucchetti began his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired on 8 February 1980.
Allen J. Bard won the Priestley Medal in 2002.
Javier Farinos played for Inter Milan between 2000 and 2005.
Markus Henriksen played for Rosenborg BK from 2009 to 2012.
Karl Zsigmondy was born in Vienna, Austria, which was a part of the Austrian empire.
Joe Gyau's club is Borussia Dortmund, he began his career in 2014 and now plays for Borussia Dortmund II.
Finglas is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland, which has Dublin Airport as its border.
Mathare Youth FC is an association football club whose home ground is the Ruaraka Stadium.
Julius Wobay played for Khazar Lankaran FK, he started his career in Khazar Lankaran FK in 2011.
Manuel Benthin started with Berliner FC Dynamo in 2005 and ended his career in 2008.
The International Catholic Conference of Scouting was founded in 1948 by Mario di Carpegna. The organization is affiliated with the Catholic Church.
Tomken station is operated by MiWay and is located on the Mississauga Transitway. It is adjacent to Dixie station (MiWay).
Mike Gansey was a member of the West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team, which began play in 2004. He ended his career in 2006.
Jose Luis Oltra played for Levante UD between 1993 and 1994.
Mikhail Komkov played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny between 2007 and 2009.
Gustavo Villarruel, who began his career in 2013 and finished in 2016, is a member of the Club Atlético Colon.
Sid Ramin won the Daytime Emmy Award in 1983 for his work on the TV series All My Children.
The Hill Fire is a wildfire in San Luis Obispo County, California, in the United States.
Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy played for PFC Navbahor Namangan from 2005 to 2006.
Dominic Cervi was a member of the U.S. men's national under-23 soccer team that began on January 1, 2008.
James W Coleman, who started at Georgetown College in 1922, retired in 1925.
The GWR River Class was operated by the Great Western Railway, which began in 1895 and ended in 1918.
The River Duag is a river in the Republic of Ireland that flows into the River Suir.
Krum Milev played for FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia between 1940 and 1948.
Andray Baptiste played for the Grenada national football team between 2002 and 2011.
Orjan Xhemalaj is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Kamza.
Leon C Weiss was the architect of the Louisiana State Capitol, which has the architectural style of Art Deco. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Born in Montevideo, Pablo Lavandeira, started his career in 2013 at Montevideo Wanderers FC.
Minabo Asechemie played for the Nigeria national football team from 2002 to 2004.
Alberto Zapater began playing for Sporting CP in 2010. Zapater ended his career in 2011.
Aleksandr Storozhuk played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk from 2009 to 2009.
The Kyushu Soccer League was founded in 1973 and is based in Japan. Its main sport is association football.
Anita Baker, who won the Soul Train Music Award for Best Song of the Year in 1989, is the artist behind the song "Giving You the Best That I Got".
Myron Waldman served as a docent at Columbia University from 1940 to 1955.
Kantemir Berkhamov played for FC Lokomotiv Kaluga in 2005.
Jason Campbell played for the Oakland Raiders from 2010 to 2011.
The British Museum Act 1832 is an Act of Parliament in the UK. The Act was passed in 1832 and is now in the public domain.
Orkus Presents the Best of 2000 is a compilation album of electronic music, released in 2000.
Jose Araquistáin started playing for Real Sociedad in 1956 and finished his career in 1961.
Gustavo Pinedo played for Club Blooming between 2010 and 2011.
Andy Gruenebaum is a United States citizen who plays for Des Moines Menace. His sport is human.
Dmitry Lyapkin started his career in 1992 and finished his career in 1995. He played for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alfred Aston played for Angers SCO between 1946 and 1947.
Gerhard Siedl started his career in 1960 with FC Basel.
The main category of Frederiksstaden is Frederiksstaden, located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark.
Mardyke is an association football club from the Republic of Ireland.
Vittorio Mancini won the Crawford Medal in 1996, along with Paolo Vollmeier.
John Dinkota played for Montreal Impact Academy, which he started playing for in 2014.
Ivan Konovalov played for FC Amkar Perm between 2013 and 2014.
Sairaj Bahutule was a member of the India national cricket team, which started in 2001 and finished in 2001.
Oleh Koshelyuk played for FC Dnipro Cherkasy between 2004 and 2006.
Alberto Piccinini started his career in 1944 and ended it in 1945. He played for A.S. Roma.
Ryoichi Maeda was a member of the Japan national under 23 football team which began play in January 2002 and finished in 2004.
Tom Hall was born 1930 and played for Somerset County Cricket Club between 1953 and 1954.
Maude Clarke was Vice-principal of Somerville College, Oxford from 1933.
Bluefish is a free software application for Microsoft Windows that uses the GTK GUI toolkit. The software is released under the GNU General Public License.
Jan van Schijndel played football for the Netherlands national football team between 1949 and 1955.
Daniel Correa Freitas started his career in 2013 and retired in 2014. He plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas.
Alyaksandr Kulchy started his career with FC Irtysh Pavlodar in 2013.
Mauricio Salles played for Rochester Rhinos from 2008 to 2009.
Amanda Butler, who is the assistant coach for the Charlotte 49ers, is the head coach of the Charlotte 49ers.
Annabel Digance was a member of the Australian Labor Party and was in the 2010 Australian federal election in the Division of Boothby.
David Ariel Mendieta began his career in 2012 with the club Sportivo San Lorenzo.
Carlo Alberto D'Albertis started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and retired in 1983.
Bechara Oliveira started playing for Aalesunds FK in 2005.
Miri, Malaysia is the transport hub for Lutong Airport.
Omonigho Temile played for the Nigeria national under 17 football team which began in 2001.
The band Useless Keys is an alternative rock and pop band from the United States.
The Five Boro Bike Tour is a road bicycle racing event founded in 1977 in the United States.
The 1978 European Tour season was played in golf.
Alejandro Lago played for the Uruguay national under-17 football team, he started his career in 2001.
Joan Tower won the Grawemeyer Award in 1990 for music composition.
Luke O'Dea ( footballer ) played for the Australia national under-20 soccer team from 2012 to 2016.
Scott S. Sheppard discovered the moon Valetudo in 2016. It is named after Valetudo.
Poul Erik Andreasen played for Aalborg Boldspilklub, which started in 1973 and ended in 1978.
Paulo Vitor played for Brasilia Futebol Clube, he started his career in 1978.
Ricardo Alonso started his career in 1987 with the Jacksonville Generals. He retired in 1988.
Romain Martial started playing for RC Narbonne in 2007 and ended his career in 2010.
The Corona Borealis Supercluster, named after Corona Borealis, is in the constellation Corona Borealis.
Flying Nun Records was part of the Mushroom Group, which was started in 2000 and ended on October 20th, 2005.
Arnal Llibert played for Elche CF between 2002 and 2004.
G. Rollie White Downs is a horse racing venue located in the United States.
Brian Haynes played for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team between 1987 and 1996.
The 1958 Claxton Shield was a baseball season.
Tony Cascio began his career with Orlando City SC in 2015.
Robert von Haug worked in Stuttgart, where he began in 1879 and finished in 1922.
Artyom Yenin played for FC Dynamo Vologda, which was the team that he started playing for in 1996.
Adonis Hilario started playing for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas in 1985 and finished his career in 1986.
Andreas Hilfiker, a human, plays in the Bundesliga for FC Luzern.
Vurlon Mills played for Fruta Conquerors FC, which started in 2010.
Xhevdet Muriqi played for HNK Rijeka, which started his career in 1989 and ended it in 1990.
Junction is a single-player video game developed by Micronet Co. Ltd. and published by Micronet Co. Ltd.
Howard Nicholls was educated at Hereford Cathedral School and played for Cardiff RFC. He is a human being.
Leonidas Kampantais played for Arminia Bielefeld between 2007 and 2009.
Espen Olsen played for Hamarkameratene between 2002 and 2007.
Gadi Eizenkot was the commander of Northern Command in Israel, he began his career on October 19, 2006 and ended his career on July 11th 2011.
Sofia Jakobsson started her career in 2014, joining Montpellier HSC.
Markus Lanz was with Birgit Schrowange who began his career in 1998. He ended his relationship with Birgit Schrowange in 2011.
The wife of Eric Hoskins, Samantha Nutt, is a human being. She graduated from McMaster University.
Eloy Matos started his career in 2008 and retired in 2014. He played for the Puerto Rico national football team.
LaGrange is the capital of Troup County in Georgia. LaGrange is located in Georgia and Randolph County Alabama is a neighboring county.
Kevin Boroevich played for the New Zealand national rugby union team which began on 26 October 1983 and ended on 26 July 1988.
Lucas Melano began his career in 2011 with the club Atlético Belgrano and ended his career in 2013.
Scott Waldrom played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, which began on 18 November 2008. He finished his career on 18 November 2008.
Erik de Haan started his career in 1985 and ended it in 1988. He played for AFC Ajax.
Diego Rangel started with Real Madrid Castilla in 1997 and ended in 1999.
The architect of Fernmeldeturm Mannheim is Erwin Heinle and it's a restaurant made of reinforced concrete.
Evandro Adauto da Silva played for the club Athletico Paranaense between 1998 and 2000.
Lumiere and Company, which is from Sweden, was directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms and Regis Wargnier.
Mike Johanns graduated from Saint Mary's University of Minnesota in 1971 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Xan is a vodka drink that was manufactured by Vinagro and was created in 2006.
Ernie George played rugby union for the Wales national team, starting on 26 January 1895 and ending on 4 January 1896.
1963 Mediterranean Grand Prix, a sporting event, was won by John Surtees, on 18 August 1963.
Nagoda is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
The Tale of Tiffany Lust was originally published in the United States in English. It was distributed by VCA Pictures.
Dmitri Prokopenko played for FC Torpedo Moscow from 1993 to 1996.
Zhao Zhenkui is a diplomat who was once a man. He is a human being.
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye originates from India and is made in Hindi. It was produced by D.V.S. Raju.
The KTM 1290 Super Adventure is a motorcycle model manufactured by KTM.
Sandrine Gruda played for the Los Angeles Sparks, which started in 2014.
Shener Remzi started his career in 2006 with FC Dunav Ruse.
Arthur Wilson was a member of the England national rugby union team who played from 13 February 1909 to 13 February 1909.
Waldemar Ksienzyk started his career in 1992 and finished his career in 1994. He also played for Wuppertaler SV.
Louis Bimpson started his career with AFC Bournemouth in 1961.
Pepe Aicart started with Pontevedra CF in 2009 and retired in 2011.
Javier Casas's club was CD Basconia. He began his career in 2000 and finished it in 2001.
The MacArthur Bridge is located in Manila, Philippines, it carries Pasig River.
The Ultimate Clip Collection is a rock music film, released in 2003.
Jeff Zatkoff played for the Los Angeles Kings, which began play in April 2008 and ended on July 1, 2012.
Sean Hardman was a member of the Australia national rugby union team which began on 29 June 2002 and ended on 29 September 2007.
Vitali Kulyov started his career in 2003 with FC Volgar Astrakhan.
Cleveland State Vikings, who started in 1982 and finished in 1994, are part of the Summit League.
Eduard Janota was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, which started in 1984 and ended in 1989.
Adriano Durante was born in the Kingdom of Italy, which began on July 24, 1940 and ended on June 18, 1946.
Hubert Ashton played for the Marylebone Cricket Club which started in 1927.
Mario Riccoboni, who started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946, retired in 1968.
German submarine U-734 was operated by the Kriegsmarine which began service on December 5th, 1942 and ended on February 9th, 1944.
The novel, The Bride of Newgate, written in English, is set in London and was published by Hamish Hamilton.
Adam Pardy, who plays for the Buffalo Sabres in the National Hockey League, is a human being.
Dagil began his career in 2009 with C.D. Trofense.
Magdy Atwa is a midfielder for the ENPPI SC. He is a human being.
Yolanda Griffith started her career in 1998 with the Chicago Condors.
Adrian Petre's football career began on 21 March 2015 and ended on 26 March 2015. He played for the Romania national under 17 football team.
Luciano Leggio was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 6 January 1925 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Carlos Fernandes ( footballer , born 1978 ) started his career with C.F. Os Belenenses in 2002 and ended it in 2004.
Gazoline, a rock music band, is from Canada.
Moley Robotics is a company that was founded in 2015.
Govert van der Leeuw worked in Lyon from 1669 to 1670.
John Piercy was a member of the England national under-20 football team, which began on 1 January 1999.
Sandra Betschart played for FC Yverdon Féminin, a team she began with on 1 January 2012.
Huang Shen is a surname of Huang Shen. He is a member of the National Gallery of Victoria. Huang Shen works in Yangzhou.
Tully Bevilaqua was a participant in the 2010 FIBA World Championship for Women. She was awarded the Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award. Tully Bevilaqua's profession is human.
Ioannis Simosis started his career with Adelaide Olympic FC in 2012.
Pio Campa was a member of the Kingdom of Italy, which was started on 16 December 1881 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Kliment Nastoski played for FK Metalurg Skopje, a side he started playing for in 2011.
The Southlanders are a vocal group that was formed in 1950 and has Harold Wilmot as one of its members.
The Fort Belle Fontaine County Park is located in the United States.
Leonora Carrington was a key event in the Google Doodle, which was created on April 6th 2015 to commemorate her birthday.
The 1989 Mexican Grand Prix was won by Ayrton Senna, who was in the pole position, and the fastest lap was by Nigel Mansell.
Vittorio Matteo Corcos worked in Naples, beginning in 1878 and ending in 1879.
Thomas Schmit was a member of the Luxembourg national football team, which started in 1914 and finished in 1924.
Eugen Beza played for FC Forex Brasov between 2007 and 2008.
The head coach of AC Sparta Prague is Petr Rada who began his career on 13 March 2017 and retired on 28 May 2017.
The River Detectives are a rock music duo that were formed in 1985.
Harry Smith ( cricketer , born 1886 ) played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club, where he started his career in 1920.
MetroJazz Records is a record label in the United States that releases jazz music.
David Brcic, who began his career in 1986, played for the Los Angeles Lazers team. He retired in 1987.
Herlev station is located next to Skovlunde station which is connected to Frederikssundbanen. Skovlunde station is located towards Frederikssund station.
Eusébio played for the Boston Minutemen who started in 1975.
Het Houten Stadion is occupied by AFC Ajax, who began play in 1907 and ended it in 1934.
Michael Eneramo was a member of the Ettifaq FC club which started in the 2017 season.
Lucien is a rock and pop band from Stockholm that was formed in 2004.
Scott Allan is a member of the West Bromwich Albion F.C. and plays for Birmingham City F.C. Allan was a participant in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership.
Melitopol was the capital of Melitopol Raion which was started on 30 June 1930 and ended on 27 February 1932.
Alberto D'Aversa, who was born in Italy, started his career on 18 June 1946 and finished it on 21 June 1969.
Georges Lamia represented France, starting in 1959 and ending in 1962.
Javier Ballesteros started his career with the Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa club in 2014. He retired in 2015.
Securitate was chaired by Iulian Vlad and was dissolved in 1990. Securitate's parent organization was the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Romania.
Lee Ramoon is a member of the Porthmadog F.C. and chairperson. Lee Ramoon is also a human being.
Sylvain Armand was a member of the France national under-21 football team which started in 2000 and finished in 2002.
The Retina display, a type of electronic visual display, was created in June 2010. It is named after the Retina.
Jonathan Joseph-Augustin played for K.S.K. Beveren, which he started playing for in 2005 and finished in 2007.
Johnny Martin played for the Australian national cricket team between 1960 and 1967.
Michael Mio Nielsen played for the Danish national football team, he started his career in 1993.
Jim Davidson (born 1931) was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which began play on 12 January 1952 and finished on 9 January 1954.
Mike Seamon played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, where he began his career in 2013.
Ruud Geels played for the Netherlands national football team between 1974 and 1981.
Toninho Dos Santos started out with Club Puebla in 1994 and ended his career in 1995.
Liverpool Blue Coat School in Wavertree was founded on 1 March 2012 by Bryan Blundell.
Margaret Kennard graduated from Cornell University in 1930 with a doctorate in Medicine.
Ettore Marcelino Dominguez played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras. He started with the team in 1916 and finished in 1931.
Jimmy Estacio played for Deportivo Cali, which he started with in 2005.
Omar Perez started his career in CD Castellon in 2009, he retired in 2010.
The main category of the Scouting and Guiding in Spain is Scouting and Guiding. The Scouts and Guides in Spain are part of the Girl Guides.
Johnny Aitkenhead played for the Scottish Football League XI between 1951 and 1952.
Jody Hice graduated from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in 1986 with a Master of Divinity degree.
Teruaki Kurobe played for Cerezo Osaka, he started his career in 2005.
William Amaral de Andrade played for SD Compostela, starting in 1996 and ending in 2000.
Paul Brannen, who is from Brussels, speaks English.
Lome Fa'atau played for the Samoa national rugby union team which began in 2000 and ended in 2007.
The Mathabhanga River, which has the tributary Nabaganga River, is in Bangladesh.
The Officers' Mess was originally published in English and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Basil Emmott was the director of photography.
Junior Flemmings played for the Tampa Bay Rowdies, which started in 2018.
Buckhurst Hill tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station which is on the Central line of the London Underground. Loughton tube station is towards Epping tube station.
Campbellfield railway station is located at the same location as Upfield railway station, which is on the Upfield railway line. Upfield railway station is connected to Campbellfield railway station which is located towards Flinders Street railway station.
Yuji Yaso played for Albirex Niigata from 1996 to 1997.
Yehor Klymenchuk played for FC Kolos Kovalivka, a team he began playing for in February 2017. He retired in December 2017.
Njogu Demba-Nyrén played for Falu FK, he started his career in 2014.
Edward Holder is a winger for Wigan Warriors and is a human being.
The film Madame Courage originates from Algeria where Arabic is the language of the original film.
Raimond van der Gouw played for SBV Vitesse between 1988 and 1996.
Robert Pintenat started his career in 1979 with Toulouse FC. He ended his career in 1983.
First Niagara Bank, whose stock is traded on Nasdaq, is a bank that was founded in Lockport, New York.
Aldo Andreotti began his career on 18 June 1946 in Italy and ended it on 21 February 1980.
Frank Sinatra is a performer of the Coffee Song, which was released in 1946.
The band Halos is a rock and pop band from the United States. Their genre is doo-wop.
Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey is a video game developed by Panache Digital Games for the Microsoft Windows platform. The game was published by Private Division and is available on the Epic Games Store.
The Aero Boero AB-115 is an aircraft family from Argentina. It was developed by Aero Boero and is a derivative of the Aero Boero AB-95.
China United Airlines was founded in 1986 and its headquarters are in Beijing. The hub of China United Airlines is Beijing Nanyuan Airport.
Yahoo! Finance, a website created by Yahoo!, was launched in 1998.
Paul Newman won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 59th Academy Awards for The Color of Money. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
The Veazie Dam is located in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The dam is in the Penobscot River basin.
Quillayute Airport, which was established on January 9, 1943, is located in Forks, Washington, United States.
London Stock Exchange listed Howdens Joinery, a furniture company, was founded in 1995.
Jaime Alvar Ezquerra is the son of Manuel Alvar. His siblings are Manuel Alvar Ezquerra, Antonio Alvar Ezquerra and Alfredo Alvar.
The Amazing Spider-Man 129 was a comic book published on February 1, 1974. It was written by Gerry Conway and the colorist was Dave Hunt.
Instabug is a dot-com company founded in 2012 by Omar Gabr in Egypt. Y Combinator is the investor of Instabug.
KQTZ is a radio station in Hobart, Oklahoma, United States. The station was established in 1979.
The Beeghly Center, which is located in Ohio, United States, was inaugurated on 2 December 1972. The building is occupied by Youngstown State University.
Igede is a modern language spoken in Cross River State and Ebonyi State, Nigeria.
Middle Aston is a village and civil parish in the Cherwell District, in the United Kingdom. It is bordered by North Aston.
The George C. Reifel Migratory Bird Sanctuary in Delta, British Columbia, Canada was established in 1967. It is operated by the Canadian Wildlife Service and is included in the list of Migratory Bird Sanctuaries of Canada.
Roman Holiday was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 26th Academy Awards. Audrey Hepburn was the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Times Beach is a ghost town in Missouri, United States. It was founded in 1925 and is now an abandoned village.
The Millen Range is a mountain range in the Victory Mountains, Antarctica. Its highest point is Mount Aorangi. It is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Mac Steeves, a United States citizen, plays for Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer. He is a forward for the team.
Atanas Angelov is a canoeist from Bulgaria. He competed in the sport of canoeing and kayaking and is a human being. Atanas Angelov is a man.
The company AlterGeo, whose main language is Russian, was founded in Moscow, Russia in July 2008.
Pahit-Pahit Manis is an Indonesian language film from Indonesia, directed by L. Inata and released in 1952.
Patricia Arquette won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 87th Academy Awards for Boyhood.
The ice hockey team Los Angeles Sparks and the LA Kings are both tenants of the Staples Center. The arena was designed by the architectural firm NBBJ and was inaugurated on October 17, 1999.
Freeport, Maine is located in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The town was founded on February 14th, 1789.
Eric Dalton is a footballer who is a member of the Essendon Football Club. He is a human being who has spoken English.
The song 'Ojuelegba', performed by Wizkid, is part of the Afrobeat genre of music. The song was produced by Legendury Beatz and is part of the album Ayo.
The 2014 Sport 1 Open was a tennis tournament held in The Hague, Netherlands.
Ju Kwon is a human being who played baseball as a pitcher. He attended Cheongju High School and is a member of the KT Wiz.
Jorg Widmann's musical composition Con brio is a concert overture published in 2008 by Schott Music.
Tamarin is a free software application written in C++. It was created by Adobe Inc. and is distributed under the Mozilla Public License.
The 1976 American football team season for Oregon State Beavers, based in the United States, began in January 1976.
The Institute for Computational Cosmology is a research institute in Durham, England, United Kingdom. It was established in 2002.
The Memorial Tournament was founded in 1976 and is located in Ohio, United States. It is a golf tournament.
Henry Ware Jr. was educated at Phillips Academy and graduated from Harvard University. Henry is a given name and Henry Ware Jr . is a human resources employee at Harvard University.
Basset Brook is a river in New York, United States. It flows into the West Branch Delaware River.
Bill Justis is the performer of the rock and roll instrumental Raunchy which was released in 1957 on Phillips International Records.
Barr Pharmaceuticals, a company in the pharmaceutical industry founded in 1970, is located in Montvale, New Jersey, Israel.
Sale High School is a foundation school and secondary school located in Sale, Greater Manchester, in the United Kingdom. It is in Trafford.
The Zavolzhye Engine Factory is a publicly traded company in Zavolzhye, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. It was founded in 1958. It is owned by Sollers JSC.
La Grande Station is a train station in Downtown Los Angeles, California, United States. The station was opened on July 29, 1893 and closed on May 3, 1939.
Eduardo Risso, who is known as Eduardo, is a human who won the Yellow Kid award. The book Obalky knih.cz describes him as a human being.
The Museum of the City of Skopje is located in Skopje, North Macedonia. It was opened in 1949.
Pine Valley, New Jersey, United States, is in Camden County. It was created on 23 April 1929 and is a borough that borders Clementon, New Jersey.
The XV Venice Challenge Save Cup - Singles is a tennis event in Italy. It is part of the XV Venice Challenge Save Cup and is played in the men's singles category.
West Ham station is next to Plaistow tube station. Plaistow tube station is on the Hammersmith & City line, and is on the District line. Plaistow tube station is towards Upminster station and Barking station.
The Wantagh Herald Citizen is a newspaper from Wantagh, New York, United States.
The 2013 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team, based in the United States, played American football. The 2013 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team competed in the 2013 season.
Tommy Roe is the performer of the pop rock single, Jam Up and Jelly Tight. It was released in 1970 on the ABC Records label.
Moorfields is a train station in Liverpool, United Kingdom that was opened in 1977. It is operated by Merseyrail.
The Indonesian Basketball Association is the sports governing body for basketball in Jakarta. It was founded in 1952.
St Peter's College is a secondary school in the Auckland region of New Zealand. It was founded in 1939 in the Art Deco style.
Kitchen Boss is a television series from the United States, it began airing on January 24, 2011 and ended on April 2, 2012. The series is presented by Buddy Valastro.
Aadmi Sadak Ka originates from India and is produced by Devendra Goel. The screenwriter of the film is Mushtaq Jalili and the cast includes Deven Verma. The film is in Hindi.
The Croupier, a gambling film, was made in London, United Kingdom and originates from the United States. The film stars Rhona Mitra.
The Fremantle Football Club in Australia competed in the 2013 Australian rules football season.
The John Charles Centre for Sport is a sports venue in Beeston, Leeds, United Kingdom. It is the home ground of Hunslet R.L.F.C. and is also used for rugby league.
The United States Sallisaw Municipal Airport is located in Sallisaw, Oklahoma. The airport serves the transport hub of Sallisaw , Oklahoma.
The ADESS AG is an automotive industry company in Germany. It was founded in 2012 and is located in Munich.
The National Museum of Bhutan was founded in 1968 and is located in Paro, Bhutan.
Strange Advance is a synth pop band from Canada. They were formed in 1982 and are signed to the record label Capitol Records.
The book Platonic Theology (Ficino) was written in Latin by Marsilio Ficino and was published in 1482. The book is from Italy.
The South Franklin Street Historic District is located in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2016 Argentina Women's Hockey National Tournament was a field hockey competition in Argentina.
Aldan Airport is located in Yakutia, Russia. It serves the transport hub of Aldan.
The band Crunt is a rock and pop band, with Kat Bjelland as a member. The band was formed in Minneapolis, United States. The band's musical genre is alternative rock.
The Budweiser Events Center is the home of the Colorado Chill, a basketball team in the United States. The team was founded in 2003.
Frellstedt railway station is in Helmstedt, Germany. It is operated by DB Regio.
Michael Deeley was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 51st Academy Awards for his work on The Deer Hunter.
The band Choro das 3 is a rock and pop band from Brazil. Its member is Lia Meyer Ferreira.
The Business Academy Aarhus is a higher education institution in Denmark that was established in 2009. It is located in the Aarhus Municipality.
Torn Banner Studios is a video game developer located in Toronto, Canada. The company was founded in 2011.
Esporte Clube Rio Verde, a Brazilian association football club, was founded on August 22, 1963. The head coach of Esporte Clube Rio Verde is Iranildo.
The NCC Class WT is a 2-6-4T tank locomotive designed by George Ivatt. It is operated by NI Railways and made at the Derby Works.
Edith Hamilton wrote the book Mythology which was published in 1942 by Little, Brown and Company. The book is a work that covers the subject of Greek mythology.
WP 35 is a bandy sports club in Varkaus, Finland. They were founded in 1935.
Furmanovsky District, a municipal district of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, has the capital city of Furmanov.
The South Jersey Times, published in English, is a periodical literature in the United States. It was established in 2012 and is owned by Advance Publications.
Jerry Amaldev is the composer for the film Kazhakam which was released in 1996. The film is based on the Malayalam language and originates from India.
John Ripple was born in Lexington, North Carolina. He is a human being and plays American football.
Deep Run High School is a high school in Virginia, United States. It was established in 2002 in the Henrico County Public Schools district.
The LNWR Precedent Class is a 2-4-0 wheel arrangement tender locomotive designed by Francis Webb. It is operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and was manufactured at Crewe Works.
Johnny Two Shoes is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom. The company was founded on August 1, 2007 in London.
The Transmitter Solt is an architectural structure in Solt, Hungary. It was built by Magyar Posta and was inaugurated on 10 January 1977.
The King's Cupboard is a Canadian television show which aired on CBC Television. It began airing on January 20, 1958 and ended on March 31st, 1958.
The Society of the Holy Child Jesus, founded by Cornelia Connelly in England, is a teaching order based on the Christ Child. It was founded in 1846.
The Tamil language is the language of Sabari, an action film from India. Salem Chandrasekharan is the producer of Sabari, which stars Vijayakanth.
The DKW Munga is a car model manufactured by Auto Union in Germany. It is a successor to the VW Iltis.
The band Blancmange performed the song Waves which was released in January 1983. It was produced by Mike Howlett.
Estadio Municipal de Marbella is a soccer-specific stadium in Marbella, Spain. It was created in 1975. The occupants of the stadium are Marbella FC.
Peoria is a city in Arizona, U.S. It was founded on June 7, 1954. Glendale is a city bordering Peoria.
The 2008-09 season of the Taca de Portugal was the season of association football. Taca de Portugal is a league in Portugal.
Design Flaws of the Human Condition is a novel written by Paul Schmidtberger, published in 2007. The novel is set in New York City.
North Mesquite High School in Texas (United States), was established in 1969. It is part of the Mesquite Independent School District.
Green Island FC are a football club in the FootballSouth Premier League. They are based in New Zealand and were founded in 1896.
Marcus Whitman Middle/High School is located in the New York state, United States. The school was founded in 1971 and is part of the Marcus Whitman Central School District.
Langton Matravers is a village and civil parish in the Purbeck District of the United Kingdom.
Forchia is a comune in the province of Benevento, Italy. The capital of the comune is Forchia. Moiano is a bordering city of Forchia.
David Rittich is the name of David Rittich, a goaltender who played for the BK Mladá Boleslav. David Rittich's sport is Human.
Openclipart is a website and library created by Jon Phillips and Bryce Harrington in 2004.
Ganeshana Galate is a comedy film from India. It was released in 1995 and was directed by Phani Ramachandra.
AD San Juan, a football club in Spain, was founded in 1962. The team play in the Tercera División league.
Founded in 1956, the sports club Banco Hipotecario is located in Argentina. They compete in rugby union.
The Academie des Sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Rouen is located in Rouen, France. It was created on 17 June 1744 and its chair is Jean Costentin.
The 1976 Penn State Nittany Lions American football team was a season for the Penn State Nittany Lions in the United States.
The CSX Transportation Building in the United States was built in 1960 and is owned by the CSX Corporation. It has the International style of architecture.
WIBC is a radio station in Indiana, United States. WIBC was founded in 1961. WIBC is owned by Emmis Communications.
Sportsbet.com.au is a business located in Melbourne, Australia. The company was founded in 1993 and is owned by Flutter Entertainment.
The singer Jenny Wilson is the artist for the album Hardships which was released in 2009. This album is an independent music release and is the follow-up to Love and Youth.
The Modern University for the Humanities (established 1992) is located in Moscow, Russia.
King's Park railway station is located at King's Park, Glasgow, Scotland, in the city of Glasgow, United Kingdom. The station is operated by Abellio ScotRail and is a train station.
The 1995-96 season of Taca de Portugal was a season of association football which took place in Portugal.
The Green Scarf is a mystery film from the United Kingdom, produced by Albert Fennell and distributed by British Lion Films. The original language of the film is English.
Markus Oberleitner started playing for SpVgg Unterhaching in 1994 and finished in 1996. He started playing with SpVgg Unterhaching in 1997 and retired in 2001.
Founded in Singapore in 1845 by Seah Eu Chin, Ngee Ann Kongsi is a business based in Singapore.
Gilbert Koomson played for Sogndal Fotball, which was acquired by a loan in 2013. He began his career in January 2013 and ended it in January 2016.
The Federal Amateur Hockey League, which was founded in 1903, was a ice hockey sports league in Canada. It dissolved in 1909.
Tracton GAA is a sports club in County Cork, Republic of Ireland. They play hurling there.
Dancing Shadows is the 2018 album of Contemporary R&B music by American entertainer Mario. The album was produced by Jake Gosling.
The English language magazine Traditional Home was founded in 1989 and is published in New York City, United States.
Selene Johnson is the name of a female, from the United States. Selene is the given name of Selene Johnson, who is a human being.
The Branch is a river in Keene, New Hampshire, United States. Its mouth is the Ashuelot River and Otter Brook is a tributary of the Ashuelot River.
Mancetter is a village and civil parish in North Warwickshire, in the United Kingdom.
The Readington Village Historic District is located in the Readington Township, New Jersey in the United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Excelsior High School (Norwalk, California) was a high school in the United States. It was established in 1924 and dissolved in 1981.
Tenchi in Tokyo is a Japanese TV series that is from Japan. It is an adventure film and the voice actor is Shinobu Adachi.
Marion James is the name of a blues musician who was signed to the record label Excello Records. Marion James is a human being who has the surname James.
The 2000 Liga Perdana 1 season was the season of association football in Malaysia.
Antonio Sanchez Navarro, a football player for the RCD Mallorca B, was born on 22 April 1997. He is a man of human race.
The Robinson Town Centre is a shopping mall in the United States, located in Pennsylvania. It was opened in 1988. Robinson Town Centre is owned by Forest City Realty Trust.
The Romeo + Juliet soundtrack album was released on October 29, 1996 by Capitol Records.
Rivadavia Airport is located in the Mendoza Province of Argentina. The airport serves the transport hub of Rivadavia, Mendoza.
The 1966 Women's Western Open was a golf competition that took place in the United States.
Hockey East is an ice hockey league in New England, United States. It is part of the NCAA Division I league.
Vitebsky Central Sport Complex is a soccer-specific stadium in Vitebsk, Vitebsk region, Belarus. It is opened in 1937.
The Chaliyar is a river in Kerala, India. It has a tributary called Iruvanjippuzha and flows into the Arabian Sea.
Rachelle Wilkos is a human being who lives in Fairfield County Connecticut. She is married to Steve Wilkos and her family name is Consiglio.
La Capilla del Hombre is a museum in Quito, Ecuador. It was opened in 2002.
The Dodge Demon is a concept sports car manufactured by Dodge that was first shown in 2005.
Strait Island is located in the Bay of Bengal, part of the Andaman Islands, in the administrative district of North and Middle Andaman district, India.
Sanzigen, Inc. (founded in 2003), is an animation studio in the anime industry. The studio is located in Suginami and has the legal form of Kabushiki gaisha.
Lucas Vorsterman was born in Antwerp, where he started in 1619 and finished in 1675.
That Lucky Old Sun is a song written by Haven Gillespie and composed by Beasley Smith. It was first performed by James Brown in 1949.
Offset Software, a video game developer founded in 2004, was located in Newport Beach, California. The company was dissolved in 2010.
I Am Love is the 1981 album by Peabo Bryson. Produced by Johnny Pate, the album was released on the Capitol Records label.
Muskeget Island Airport is located on Muskeget Island in Nantucket County, United States. The airport was established on January 3rd 1961.
David William Warner is a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party and is a human being. He is known by the name David and uses the English language.
Philippe de Broca wrote the screenplay for Dear Louise, which originates from France. The original language of the film is French. Alexandre Mnouchkine and Georges Dancigers are producers.
Mayo Senior Football Team won the 1951 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, a Gaelic football competition.
The Griggs Dam is located on the Scioto River in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The Ohio River is the drainage basin of the Griggs Dam.
VV Spijkenisse is a football club in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1946. The league they play in is called Hoofdklasse and they play association football.
Deshbandhu College for Girls was founded in 1955 in the city of Kolkata in the Bengal district of India.
King's College in Pennsylvania alum Stephanie Jallen competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in alpine skiing. Stephanie Jallen is a human being.
The Miss World Philippines, founded by Cory Quirino in 2011, is a female beauty pageant based in Manila, Philippines.
The Glacier Institute is a nonprofit organization in the United States that was founded in 1983. The headquarters of the Glacier Institute are in Kalispell, Montana.
Bobby McFerrin is the musical performer of Circlesongs, a vocal jazz album, which was released in 1997 by Sony Classical Records.
The Kagawa Nutrition University is located in Sakado, Saitama, Japan. It was established in 1948.
Ben Wallace, a power forward, played for the Orlando Magic from 1999 to 2000.
Dawson Odums was born in Shelby, North Carolina. He attended North Carolina Central University and is the head coach of the men's team. He is a human being.
Humberto Tozzi played for Fluminense FC, starting in 1961 and ending in 1962.
Tôlanaro Airport, located in the Anosy Region, is in Madagascar. The airport serves the transport hub of Tôlanaro.
The Bureau of Corporations was a government agency in the United States which was created in 1903 and dissolved in 1915. It was succeeded by the Federal Trade Commission.
The El Salvador national beach soccer team, owned by the Salvadoran Football Federation, is from El Salvador. The team competes in the men's association football league.
WHYA is a radio station in Massachusetts, United States, that was founded in 1987. The station is owned by John Garabedian.
The World Computer Chess Championship, organized by the International Computer Games Association, was first held in 1974. It is a chess tournament and is considered a world championship.
Stone Town is part of Zanzibar City, Tanzania. It is located in the Mjini Magharibi region. It has been designated as a World Heritage Site.
Willem II College is a school in Tilburg, Netherlands. The College was founded in 1866.
Cornelia Brierly was born in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a degree in humanities and was a woman.
Sokolce is a municipality in the Komárno District of Slovakia. It was created in 1332.
UrgentRx is a pharmaceutical company in the United States that was founded in 2010. The company is located in Denver.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 826 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 20 May 1993. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 825 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 827.
The film Should the Woman Pay was directed by Patrick Barton and was originally shown in English. It was released in 1966 from Australia.
Susanne Andersen, who won the young rider classification at the 2016 Ladies Tour of Norway, is a member of the Norwegian women's national road cycling team 2016.
Ján Svorada started playing for the club UAE Team Emirates in 1991 and finished in 1996. Mr. Svorada also played for the team, ue Team Emirates, from 1999 to 2004.
The book Roof Over Heaven was written by F.J. Thwaites and published in 1953. It originates from Australia and is written in English.
The 1960 Western Michigan Broncos football team, based in the United States, played American football.
Pierre Pujol started playing for Volley Treviso in 2007 and ended up playing for the team in 2010. He also played for Volley Treviso in the 2010 season and in 2011 and 2012.
Nethermost Pike, a fell in the Lake District, is in the county of Cumbria, in the United Kingdom. Helvellyn is the parent peak of Nethermost Pike.
Haidari FC is an association football club in Haidari, Greece. Haidari FC was founded in 1937.
Claude Lorius was awarded the Balzan Prize in 2001. The prize is in the field of Climatology. Claude Lorius was from France.
Buzzwick Airport, which was established on 2 January 1973, is located in Carleton Michigan, United States.
The 1966 Davis Cup was the first edition of the tennis competition and was won by the Australia Davis Cup team.
The 1990 New York Mets season was a season in baseball. The team is based in the United States and played in the 1990 season.
The Miss Asia Pageant, which was held in Hong Kong between 1985 and 2015, is a women's beauty pageant which was started in 2004.
Pizzo Magn is located in the Lepontine Alps in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is a mountain with the parent peak of Mottone di Cava.
Merced College, which was founded on February 27, 1962, is a public educational institution located in California, in the United States.
Saint Joseph High School (Denver, Colorado) was a high school in the United States. The school was established in 1908 and closed in 1973.
Hullabaloo is a punk rock band from the United States. They were formed in 1986 and are signed with Toxic Shock Records.
The 2001 season was the Boise State Broncos American Football team's season. The team is based in the United States and play their home games at the Boise State Broncos.
The Dream Academy is a band from the United Kingdom that performs folk rock music. They were founded in 1983 and are signed to Warner Bros. Records.
The Action of Agagia, fought on 26 February 1916, was part of the Senussi Campaign. It involved the United Kingdom, and took place in Egypt.
Annalie Longo began her career in 2012 with Sydney FC and ended it in 2013.
The United States is the origin of Ragtime Snap Shots. It stars Bebe Daniels and is a silent film. The film was produced by Hal Roach and is in the public domain.
Jennifer James (born Jennifer) was educated at Rose Bruford College. Jennifer James began her career in 2000 and is married to Lee Boardman. Jennifer James is concerned with human rights.
Peachtree Ridge High School is located in Georgia in the United States. It was established in 2003 and belongs to the Gwinnett County Public Schools.
Sveriges Radio P2 (owned by Sveriges Radio) is a radio station in Sweden which was founded in 1955. The language used is Swedish.
The company Wafa Assurance, which is owned by the Attijariwafa Bank, was founded on October 1, 1972 and is headquartered in Casablanca.
US Sandweiler is an association football club in Luxembourg Division of Honour. The club was founded in 1937.
Brynhild Parker is a member of the East London Group and is a member of the Museum of Modern Art. Brynhild Parker is a human being from the United Kingdom.
Kadiogo Province is located in the Centre region of Burkina Faso. The capital of the Kadiogo Province is Ouagadougou.
William Goldman wrote the book A Bridge Too Far which is based on the 1944 film. Simon Chandler stars in the film which also stars Anthony Hopkins.
Alexander Gschliesser is a member of the HC Fassa ice hockey team. He competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics and is a human.
Lim Hyo-jun is a human who competed in short track speed skating. He was educated at Dongbuk High School and is a competitor for South Korea.
Carlos Zegarra started his career in Sporting Cristal in 1997 and played there until 1999. He also played for Sporting Cristal between 2002 and 2006.
FC Klechesk Kletsk is an association football club in Belarus that was founded in 2007. The team play in the Belarusian First League.
Wick FC are an association football club in the Sussex County Football League based in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1892.
Ishiya Station is located adjacent to Hon-Ishikura Station. This station, which is on the Hakodate Main Line, was opened on 1 July 1948 and is a stop on the way to Asahikawa Station. Ishikura Station is the predecessor of Hon-Ishikura Station.
T Brand Studio is a company founded in 2014 in New York City. The company is owned by The New York Times Company.
KKBox is a streaming media receiver website that was founded in October 2004 in Taiwan. The operating system for KKBox is Android.
The New Hanover County Schools are the school district of Eugene Ashley High School which was established in 2001. The school is located in North Carolina, United States.
John J. Gilman graduated from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1946 with a Bachelor of Science degree. Gilman went on to earn a master of science degree at the same Institute where his main academic discipline was Mechanical Engineering.
KFWR is a radio station in Jacksboro, Texas, United States. The station was founded in 1970.
The Seven Professors of the Far North is an English language adventure novel written by John Fardell and published in 2004.
China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, a state owned enterprise founded in 1999, is headquartered in Beijing, China.
Kuurne Heliport is located in Kuurne, Belgium. The airport is named after Kuurne, a transport hub in the country.
Victoria bus station is operated by Transport for London and located in Victoria, London, United Kingdom. Victoria bus station is located in the City of Westminster.
Andijan District, which has Kuyganyor as its capital, is located in the Andijan region of Uzbekistan. It was created in 1926.
Markus Heikkinen started his career with Turun Palloseura in 1997. He ended his career in 1999.
Seattle, United States is the location of Mighty-O Donuts which was founded in 2000. The company's main business is donuts.
KBQF is a radio station in McFarland, California, United States. The station was established in 2009 and uses the Mexican Spanish language.
The Wanda R. Smith High School in Keene, Texas, United States was established in 1989. The school is part of the Keene Independent School District.
NikkeiWest, a newspaper published in San Jose, California, is from the United States.
WBNS is a radio station in Columbus, Ohio, United States. Its date of founding is 1922.
WWHG, a radio station in Evansville, Wisconsin, in the United States, was founded in 1989.
The 1947 Women's Western Open was played in the United States. It was part of the 1947 golf season.
The Empire Geographical Union in the United States is a rugby union organization that was founded in 2012. The organization is located in New York City.
The human Blake Harrison, born Blake Harrison, graduated from BRIT School in 2001.
The American Football team Houston Cougars competed in 2012. The Houston Cougars are based in the United States and played in the 2012 season.
Islom Inomov played for Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, which he played for from January 1, 2004 to January 1, 2009. He also played for Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, which began play on January 1, 2006, and finished his career on January 1, 2004.
Tenmyouya Hisashi was born in Saitama Prefecture on 10 February 1966. He is an artist, who uses the term human.
Alfond Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Florida, United States. Rollins College owns the Alfond Stadium.
Canon Inc. is the manufacturer of the Canon EOS-1D Mark II. It is a digital single-lens reflex camera model that was introduced in 2004.
Olzie Whitehead Williams House is located in Wilson, Wilson County, North Carolina, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The band Unsraw was formed in Japan in 2006. Their musical genre is punk rock.
Jack Hirsch (given name Jack) was a student at Van Nuys High School. He graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles and played for the UCLA Bruins. Jack Hirsch is a human being.
The Soyuz 17 was launched on 10 January 1975 from the Soyuz rocket family. The Soyuz 17 had a significant event of landing on 9 August 1975 in Kazakhstan.
The 2015 British Touring Car Championship is an auto racing season. The championship was held in the United Kingdom.
The Ouaquaga Lenticular Truss Bridge is located in New York State, U.S. It was designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Foundation for Research, Science and Technology was a Crown entity in New Zealand that was established in 1990. It was dissolved on 1 February 2011 and its successor is the Ministry of Science and Innovation.
The town of Kamishihoro is in the Tokachi Subprefecture of Hokkaido, Japan. It is a municipality of Japan. The main topic of the town is Kamishihoro, Hokkaido.
Dauphins de Créteil is a water polo sports team from France. The club was founded in 1973 and play in the Championnat de France.
The Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute is part of Harvard University in the United States. It was established in 1973.
XPO Logistics, founded in 1989, is located in Greenwich, Connecticut, United States. The company's director/manager is Bradley S. Jacobs.
The European Journal of Combinatorics is a scientific journal published in English that is devoted to the study of Mathematics. It was established in 1993 and published by Elsevier.
Ronnie Caryl is a blues musician who plays the guitar. He is also known as Ronnie Caryl, a human being.
The Folklore Museum of Giannitsa was established in October 1977 in Giannitsa, Greece. The museum is focused on the history of the region.
The musical film Valley Girl, from the U.S., is directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg. The film's original language is English.
Ace Bailey is a member of the National Hockey League, where he plays Human. He speaks English and was awarded the Stanley Cup. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
The 1980 Central Michigan Chippewas football team, from the United States, played American football in 1980.
The main category of the Daito Bunka University is Daito Bunka University, which is located in Tokyo, Japan. The university was founded in 1923.
Kuybyshevsky District, Rostov Oblast, Russia was created in 1923. It is a municipal district, with its capital at Kuybyshevo.
Elie Baup is a human being who plays for Toulouse FC. He is a goalkeeper in the sport of association football.
Eagle County Regional Airport in Eagle-Vail, Colorado, United States was established on January 7, 1940.
RugbyWA is the sports governing body for Rugby union in Western Australia. The organisation was created in 1928.
The 2014 WAC Women's Basketball Tournament was held in the United States.
Radio Student (a campus radio station) is based in Zagreb, Croatia. It was founded in 1996.
Intervilles is a French game show television series that was created by Guy Lux. The series was originally broadcast on TF1.
The band 2AM Club is an alternative rock band from the United States. Its member is Marc E Bassy and they are signed to RCA Records.
Plymouth Meeting Mall is a shopping mall in Pennsylvania, United States, that was opened on October 10, 1966. The mall is owned by the Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
George D. Chamberlain High School, which was established in 1956, is located in Tampa, Florida, United States. It is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools.
The Atom Ant, created by William Hanna, was broadcast from October 2, 1965 to August 31st 1968. It was distributed by Screen Gems and had a musical score by Ted Nichols.
Warren Wright, whose given name is Warren, was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and is a human being. Mr. Wright's personal name is Warren Wright.
Les Affaires is a French language magazine from Canada. It was founded in 1928.
The Mexico City Metro Camarones station is located in Mexico City and was inaugurated on November 29, 1988.
The Excelsior Hotel in Christchurch, New Zealand was designed by William Armson in 1882. The hotel is located in the Canterbury region of New Zealand.
Portstewart is a seaside resort in Derry, County Londonderry, United Kingdom.
Blidworth Welfare FC is an association football club in the Central Midlands Football League, which was founded in 1926 and is based in the United Kingdom.
David Harewood stars in the comedy film, SuperBob, which was released on May 31, 2015. Catherine Tate stars in the film.
Saat Paake Bandha, a Bengali language film from India, was produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and stars Laboni Sarkar and Subhasish Mukherjee.
Kadijatu Kebbay was born in 1986 in Sierra Leone. She is a model and human being.
The 1974 Thailand Regional Games, a multi-sport event in Thailand, took place in Chonburi Province. It was part of the 1974 season of the Thailand National Games.
The Springside Chestnut Hill Academy, located in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, United States, was established in 2010. The school was opened in 1861.
Esther Wangeci, born 22 November 1990, is a female volleyball player. Esther Wangeci is a human being.
Korund is a private limited company that was founded in 1915 with its headquarters in Dzerzhinsk, Russia.
The 2009 season of the Boston Cannons was a season of Major League Field Lacrosse. The team is based in the United States.
Ward LaFrance Truck Corporation was a United States-based commercial vehicle manufacturer that was founded in 1916. The company dissolved in 1979.
Penguin Bloom is a drama film project from the United States, starring Naomi Watts.
The FFSA NTC is an association football club that was founded in 2010 and is owned by the South Australian Sports Institute. They play in the National Premier Leagues South Australia.
Thomas G. Patten was a US representative who spoke English and is buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale. The name of Thomas G. Patten is Thomas and he is considered human.
Dovedale by Moonlight, a work of oil paint on canvas, depicts Dovedale and is located in the Allen Memorial Art Museum.
The Orix Buffaloes baseball team, based in Japan, played in the 2009 season.
Auguste Verdyck, born in Belgium, is a human being who is an exponent of cycle sport.
Cyril Domoraud played for Konyaspor, he started playing for the club in 2004 and finished his career in 2005.
Callaway Cars, a car model made in Old Lyme, Connecticut, is in business. It was founded in 1977.
Bromsgrove Sporting FC, an association football club in the Midland Football Combination league, was founded in 2009. The club is based in Bromsgrove, United Kingdom.
The Port Austin Light, located in Michigan, United States, is a lighthouse that was put into service in 1878. Port Austin Light has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jaz Parks series is a Vampire literature book series written by Jennifer Rardin and published by Orbit Books. The book series was published on October 8, 2007.
Walters State Community College is located in Morristown, Tennessee, United States. It was established in 1970.
Flexa Ribeiro is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party and a senator. He is a human being who speaks Portuguese. He works in Brasilia.
From the Mouth of the Whale is a novel from Iceland written by Sjón, published in 2008.
Udbodhan is a Bengali language magazine from India. It was founded by Swami Vivekananda in 1899.
The Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant in Richmond, California, United States was designed by Albert Kahn and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1958 Women's Western Open was held in the United States. It was part of the golf season in 1958.
Avon Road station is located in Upper Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is a station on the SEPTA Routes 101 and 102 line and is a Tram stop. Hilltop Road station is located adjacent to Avon Road.
The Mandet Museum, Riom, France, was established in 1866. It is named after Francisque Mandet.
The S.D. Warren Paper Mill is located in Westbrook, Maine, United States. It was designed by architect John Calvin Stevens and is part of the Cumberland Mills Historic District.
Mohamed Hamzah (Mehmed) is a human being from Malaysia. He is an Islamist and is the designer of the flag of Malaysia.
Shurdington is a village and civil parish in the Tewkesbury Borough, United Kingdom.
Pascal Camadini began his career in 1999 with RC Strasbourg Alsace. He also played for RC Strasbourg Alsace between 2006 and 2008.
The box car racer DVD was released on November 5, 2002 and distributed by MCA Records. The film's original language is English, and Tom DeLonge stars in the film.
Wollongong Central is a shopping mall in New South Wales, Australia. It was founded in 1975 and is owned by the GPT Group.
Alta Schreier wrote the book Vamos a Cuba, which was published in 2001. The book is from the United States and focuses on geography.
VH1 is a Polish television station owned by Viacom International Media Networks. The channel was launched in 2005 and its headquarters are in Warsaw, Poland.
The Malaysia Rugby League Premier is a sports league in Malaysia which was founded in 2004. The league's main sport is association football, but rugby union is also played.
Cisitalia is a joint-stock company in the automotive industry. It was founded in Turin by Piero Dusio.
The gospel blues song "God Don't Never Change" was performed by Blind Willie Johnson and was released in 1929 by Columbia Records.
Chattahoochee High School in Georgia, U.S. was established in 1991 and is part of the Fulton County School System.
Khujand Airport is located in the Sughd region of Tajikistan. The airport serves the transport hub of Khujand.
American Fangs is an American rock band from Houston, United States, that was formed in 2008. They are signed with Best Before Records.
Beaumont station, in Beaumont, Texas, in the United States, is a train station that is connected to the Sunset Limited line.
Angers SCO, the club Marc Weller played for, began his career in 1970 and ended it in 1974.
The GWR 1854 Class is a tank locomotive designed by William Dean. It was manufactured at Swindon Works and is operated by the Great Western Railway. The wheel arrangement of the GWR 1854 Class is 0-6-0T.
Pennsylvania Railroad 460 is located in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania Railroad started in 1914, ended in 1953 and Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines ended in 1955.
William Murch is a human being from the United Kingdom. He played cricket for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club.
Caloncho is a musician from Mexico, who was born December 20, 1986. He is a performer of the musical genre, Human. He is a man.
The New York Mets, based in the United States, played baseball in 2000.
Ras Al Khaimah International Airport in the Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates was established in 1976.
The Knight in the Panther's Skin is a work of epic poetry written in Georgian by Shota Rustaveli and published in 1180.
Shinya Tsuruoka, born in Japan, plays catcher for Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks. He is a human being.
The company Bluegogo was founded in November 2016 and went bankrupt in November 2017.
Brenham Downtown Historic District is located in Texas, United States. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its architectural style is Renaissance Revival.
Founded by Stephen Appleby in 1960, Advision Studios is a recording studio in Fitzrovia, United Kingdom.
Juventud Alianza is an association football club from Argentina. They were founded in 1973 and play in the Torneo Argentino B league.
The Rugby Union of Serbia is in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, but is also in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. They are also a member of Rugby Europe and World Rugby.
Dmitri Anatolyevich Kozlov's club was Dinaburg FC, he started his career in January 2006 and finished it in January 2008.
The Tunis University in Tunisia was established in 1960. It is a member of Mediterra.
The Holden Camira is manufactured by General Motors. It is a car model which is the successor to the Holden Torana and was followed by the Holden Apollo.
Perssu 1977 Sumenep is an association football club in Indonesia. Their home ground is Ahmad Yani Stadium and they play in the Liga 2 league.
KCML is a radio station in Minnesota, in the United States. The station was launched in 1998 and is owned by Leighton Broadcasting.
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science was founded in 1864. It is located in Manhattan, United States and is part of Columbia University.
The OSE Class 460 is an electric multiple unit class locomotive built by Siemens Mobility. It is part of the Siemens Desiro Classic and is operated by the Hellenic Railways Organisation.
The Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, part of the Los Angeles Music Center, is an opera house in California, United States. It is named after Dorothy Buffum Chandler.
Oadby Town FC is an association football club in the United Counties League. The club was founded in 1937 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Eton Manor FC is an association football club in the Essex Senior Football League, United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1901.
Pulse 1 is a radio station in the city of Bradford, United Kingdom, owned by the Wireless group. It was founded in 1975.
The River Winster is a river in Cumbria, United Kingdom. It flows into the River Kent and has a lake called Helton Tarn.
The Manor House Hotel is located in Castle Combe, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1947 and is owned by Exclusive Hotels.
Tony Lucca performs rock music and is the performer of Come Around Again. The album was released on August 26, 2008 and followed Canyon Songs.
The Interlaken Mill Bridge, in the state of Rhode Island, is located in the United States. The bridge, which crosses the Pawtuxet River, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ryosuke Ogata is the name of Ryosuke Ogata, a human being. Ryosuke Ogata's position is outfielder and he plays for Hanshin Tigers.
The Carnation Revolution is a Coup d'Etat that occurred in Portugal on 25 April 1974.
The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S, was founded by Francis Ikome in 2014. The organization is based in the U.S.
Owned by iHeartMedia, KMJM is an AM radio station in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States.
Gippsland is a Division of the Australian House of Representatives in Victoria, Australia. It was created in 1901 and is named after Gippsland.
William Patterson (born 1854) was a cricketer who represented the United Kingdom. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge. His sport is cricket and he is an example of a human being.
Axel played for Parana Clube between 2004 and 2005.
Stefan Raab is the creator of TV total, a German language TV series. The TV total series includes the season 1 and has a music score by heavytones.
AS Fortior is an association football club from Madagascar. Their home ground is the Barikadimy Stadium and they compete in the THB Champions League.
Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin is located in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States. It was founded in 1835 and is a fourth class city.
South Hadley High School (established in 1870) is located in Massachusetts, United States. The school is part of the South Hadley Public Schools district.
Persatu Tuban is an association football club in the Liga 2 league in Indonesia. The club was founded in 1975.
The Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, which was created in 2008, is an African American museum located in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
The Suttor River, located in Queensland, Australia, is a tributary of the Belyando River. The Suttor River is a river that flows into the Burdekin Dam.
The New York City Department of Education is a government agency that was created in 2002 in New York City, United States. It is a member of the World Wide Web Consortium.
The Principality newspaper was published in Cardiff in English. It was edited by Evan Jones (Ieuan Gwynedd), and John Emlyn Jones. David Tudor Evans is the publisher of the Principality newspaper.
The MS Georges Philippar is an ocean liner built by Chantiers de l'Atlantique in France. It is operated by Messageries Maritimes and has Marseille as its home port.
Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine, which was established in 1928, is an open access scientific journal published by Yale University Press. The journal is written in English.
Satyajit Ray won the Filmfare Award for Best Director in 1979 for The Chess Players.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2101, which was published on April 25, 2013, is a United Nations resolution. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2100 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2102.
Morafenobe Airport is located in Melaky, Madagascar. The airport is named after the town of Morafenobe.
Irish Car Rentals, founded in 1984, is a car rental business located in Dublin.
Aconchi Municipality, Sonora, Mexico, was created on April 13th, 1932. Its capital is Aconchi.
WNDE is a radio station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States. It is owned by iHeartMedia.
ND Dravinja is an association football club in Slovenia. They were founded in 1934. They play in the Slovenian Second League.
Lakeshore High School (in Berrien) was established in 1957. It is located in Michigan, United States.
The NLR Air Transport Safety Institute was founded in 2007 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It is a business and research institute.
Stadion Slana Bara is located in Novi Sad, Serbia. It is occupied by FK Proleter Novi Sad and is used for association football.
Tafsir al-Mizan is an Arabic encyclopedia book written by Muhammad Husayn Tabatabai.
UD Barbadas is an association football club in Spain which was founded in 1998. They are in the Tercera División league.
Graham Polak is a human being. Graham Polak's given name is Graham and he is a member of the East Fremantle Football Club. Graham Polak is a member of the family Polak and he speaks English.
Holly Hunter was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture - Drama for her role in The Piano. She was nominated for the award in 1993.
Staffanstorp in Sweden is an urban area. The capital of Staffanstorp Municipality is Staffanstorp. Staffanstorp is twinned with Grimmen.
WRZE is a radio station in Kingstree, South Carolina in the United States. It is owned by iHeartMedia.
Pioneer Place is a shopping mall that was established in 1990 in Portland, Oregon, United States. The mall is owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
Nora Holstad Berge played for Kolbotn Fotball. She started playing for Kolbotn Fotball in 2006 and finished her career in 2009. She was a member of Kolbotn Fotball and started her career in 2012.
Founded in 1888, Eastern Arizona College is a community college in Thatcher, Arizona, United States.
The International Olive Council is an organization founded in 1956 in Madrid, Spain.
Creed Taylor founded Impulse Records in 1960 in the United States. Impulse Records is a jazz record label.
Tanerau Latimer was educated at Tauranga Boys' College. He plays rugby sevens for the New Zealand national rugby union team. He is a Flanker.
Massachusetts Avenue is an avenue which was created in 1871 and is maintained by the District Department of Transportation in Washington, D.C., United States.
Long Ashton railway station is located in Long Ashton, United Kingdom. The Great Western Railway operates the station.
The 2006 Open de Moselle was a tennis event in France in the men's singles class.
Governor of Illinois, Joel Aldrich Matteson, was succeeded by William Henry Bissell. Matteson began his career on 10 January 1853 and was Governor of Illinois until 12 January 1857. He was succeeded by Augustus C. French.
The 1976 Thailand National Games and the 1976 Thailand Regional Games were held in Udon Thani Province, Thailand. The 1976 Thailand Regional Games is a multi-sport event.
The game Shadow of the Colossus, developed by Bluepoint Games, was published by Sony Interactive Entertainment on 8 February 2018 for PlayStation 4. The game is based on the novel Shadow of the Colossus.
Simon Hughes is the editor of The Cricketer which was founded in 1921 by Pelham Warner in the United Kingdom. The magazine is published in the United Kingdom.
The Kahili Airfield, which is an airport in Papua New Guinea, was opened in 1942. It was dissolved in 1945.
Tony Lloyd was the Mayor of Greater Manchester from 29 May 2015 to 8 May 2017. He was succeeded by Andy Burnham. The Mayor of Greater Manchester was Tony Lloyd and he was succeeded by the Cities and Local Government Devolution Act 2016.
The Ottawa International Film Festival is located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 2010.
Caricatures of Twenty-five Gentlemen is a written work by Max Beerbohm, published in 1896 in English. The book originates from the United States.
Concord Rangers FC is an association football club in the Isthmian League that was founded in 1967 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Edmonson County High School was established in 1959 in Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States. The school is part of the Edmonson County Schools district.
The Nex CCN Cycling Team is a road bicycle racing club in Brunei. The team was formed in 2012 and has a member called CCN 2013.
The 5th New Brunswick Legislature, in New Brunswick, Canada, was preceded by the 4th New Brunswick Legislature and succeeded by the 6th New Brunswick Legislature.
The hard rock band White Hot Odyssey, which was produced by Steve Perry, released the album in 2004.
The Qatar National Bank Tower is a skyscraper located in Doha, Qatar. It is owned by the QNB Group.
Walenmatt is a mountain in Switzerland, in the canton of Bern. It is part of the Jura Mountains. Its parent peak is Mont Raimeux.
The Aqua Wing Arena, which is for ice hockey, was completed in 1997 and is located in Nagano, Japan.
Aleksey Butarevich began his career in February 2016 and ended it in May 2016. He has since played for FC Smolevichi, starting his career in July 2019.
Memaloose Airport is operated by the United States Forest Service and was established on January 11th, 1949. Memaloose Airport is located in the state of Oregon.
Microsoft is the parent organization of Massive Incorporated, a company that was founded in 2002 and is located in New York City. The company offers business applications.
The Japanese language TV series The Return of Ultraman was created by Tsuburaya Productions and aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System between April 2, 1971 and March 31, 1972.
The Marine Corps Air Station Ewa was located in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. It was established on 18 June 1952 and dissolved in 1952.
Columbian Harmony Cemetery was founded in 1859 and is located in Washington D.C., in the United States. The cemetery was dissolved in 1959.
Ahmed Ouyahia, born Ahmed, is a human being. He attended El Idrissi High School and is a Sunni Islamist. He served as Prime Minister of Algeria.
The horror film Khooni Shikanja was released in India in 2000. The film's score was provided by Bappi Lahiri.
Westroads Mall is a shopping mall in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. It was opened on August 1, 1968 and is owned by the Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
The San Carlos River is located in Arizona, United States. San Carlos River ( United States ) flows into the Gila River which is the drainage basin of the San Carlos River.
Aurum Hotels, which was started in Italy in 1997 and ended in 2007, is still operating.
Cascine is a record label that was founded in 2010 in London. The label is based in New York. The musical genre of Cascine is Indie pop.
Patrizia Caccamo (born Patrizia) is a forward who played for ASD Napoli CF. She is a member of the A.S.D. Riviera di Romagna Calcio Femminile and is a human being.
WWDJ, a radio station in Massachusetts, United States, was founded in 1935. The owner of WWDJ is the Salem Media Group.
The Ben Eoin Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada, which was created on February 11th 1975, and is part of the Bras d'Or Lake Biosphere Reserve. The park is located in Cape Breton County, Canada.
Dunwoody High School was established in 1971. It is located in the DeKalb County School District in the state of Georgia, United States.
The 1902 California Golden Bears football team, based in the United States, played American football. They competed in the 1902 season.
Richard F. Kneip was the Governor of South Dakota, where he was educated at the South Dakota State University. He also served as an Ambassador and was a human being. He was a speaker of English.
James Marshall Unger graduated from the University of Chicago in 1969 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He received a Master of Arts degree from the University of Chicago in 1971.
Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is a poem written in English, written by Lady Mary Wroth and published in 1621. Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is in the public domain.
Charles Coleman Sellers was educated at Haverford College and Harvard University. He was awarded the Bancroft Prize and is buried in Philadelphia. He is an advocate for human rights.
The Everett-Stewart Regional Airport in Union City, Tennessee, United States was opened on 7 January 1943.
Bruce Davey was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 68th Academy Awards for Braveheart.
Joseph Horton, whose given name is Joseph, is a human being from the United Kingdom. He plays for the England cricket team.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician and human. She is signed with Deram Records. She uses the voice.
The Christmas Dragon is a Christmas film from the United States. The film was released in 2014 and has a European setting.
Joshua Henry Davidson was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and the Fellowship of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh. He was also a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and is an expert in the field of human physiology.
Amrithadhare, a Kannada movie, was produced by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar. It was written by Ramesh Aravind and stars Divya Spandana. Amrithadhare originates from India.
Jim & Jesse is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were founded in 1945. They perform bluegrass music and were signed to Epic Records.
South Plaquemines High School (established in 2006) is a high school in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States. The school is part of the Plaquemines Parish School Board.
The English book, Heart Half Empty was written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child. It was written in the U.S. and Stephanie Bentley was the singer of the song.
Eataly is a gastronomy company in Alba, Piedmont founded by Oscar Farinetti in 2010. It is a Società A Responsabilità Limitata.
AS Bakaridjan is an association football club in the Malian Première Division league that was founded in 1989. The club is based in Mali.
Sichuan University in Chengdu, China was established in 1896.
Mississippi to Mali is the Blues album by Corey Harris, released in 2003 on the record label Rounder Records.
The 2019 Super Formula Championship was a season of motorsport in Japan.
Merouane Zemmama is a human being who plays association football for Raja Casablanca as a midfielder.
The Buffalo Sabres, a United States based ice hockey team, played in the 1972-73 season.
The Groene Leeuw cycling team was a professional cycling team that competed in road bicycle racing. It was founded in 1945 and was based in Belgium. The team dissolved in 1969.
The Daniels College of Business was founded in 1908 in Colorado, United States. It is affiliated with the University of Denver and is located in the state.
Paul Weidlinger was the architect of the Paul and Madeleine Weidlinger House in the United States. The house was constructed in 1953 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The University of Belgrano (established in 1964 by Avelino Porto) is located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The Shepherd is a novella written in English and published by Hutchinson. Its main subject is Christmas. The novella is a different book from The Shepherd: Border Patrol.
Ilsinho started his career in 2011 with Sport Club Internacional. He ended his career in 2012 with Sport Club Internacional.
Alex Cooper is the child of Neale Cooper, who is a footballer and a coach for Gillingham F.C. Neale Cooper is a human being who speaks English. He is also a member of Ross County F.C.
The Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium is located in Thung Kwao, Thailand. The occupants are Phrae United FC.
Atil Municipality (capital Atil) is located in Sonora, Mexico. It was created on December 24, 1934.
Visual kei is a musical genre that originated in Japan in 1990 and was created in 1995.
Old Yeller is an English novel written by Fred Gipson, from the United States.
Founded in 1970 and located in Mumbai, India, Trimurti Films is a business.
The film Tabunungda Akaiba Likli is from India. It was released on 21 September 2013 and starred Gokul Athokpam. The film's language is Meitei.
FC Koln, the team Mikael Ishak, played for, started his career in 2012 and finished it in 2013.
The Buffalo Bisons baseball team played in the 1883 season. The team was based in the United States.
The 1970 Atlanta Braves season was a season in baseball for the Atlanta Braves who are based in the United States.
Nostromo Defensa is a private company that was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Cordoba, Argentina.
The Papua New Guinea national rugby league team play at the PNG Football Stadium in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. The stadium is a sports venue.
A Thousand Lifetimes is a Contemporary R&B album written in English by Joe Moore. It was released in 2015.
Sturminster Newton United FC is a football club in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1871 and are named after Sturminster Newton.
Amritpal Singh, whose family name is Singh, is an athlete from India. Amritpal Singh (track and field) competed in the long jump.
The English language album Nick's Bump was released in 2004 by Nardis Records and was performed by Ben Sidran.
The New York Fund is a country rock band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 2004 and is located in London.
Potternewton Park is an urban park in Chapeltown, Leeds, United Kingdom. It is managed by Leeds City Council.
Richard Henry Lee served as President of the Continental Congress from 30 November 1784 to 4 November 1785. He was succeeded by John Hancock. Thomas Mifflin was the previous President of the Continental Congress.
BlueLine Rental is a company located in The Woodlands, Texas, United States. The company was founded in 2001.
Barclaycard, founded in 1968, is a business in Germany. Its headquarters are located in Northampton. Barclays is its parent organization.
Stuck Between Stations is a romance film from the United States, written in English, starring Josh Hartnett. The film is a fictional account of a romance between two people in Minnesota.
The Florida Department of Children and Families is a government agency in the state of Florida in the United States. It was created in 1996 and is located in Tallahassee, Florida.
The English language is used in the film Turks & Caicos which originates from the United Kingdom. The film was shown on BBC Two.
Bill Buckler is a human being who played American football for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team. He is a man.
Sarah Wells, aka Sarah Wells, is a human being who competed in the sport of athletics. Sarah Wells was educated at the University of Toronto.
Italy was a nation at the 1978 European Athletics Championships where the sport of athletics was competed.
Construction of the Sepung Bridge in South Korea began in 2014. The bridge is made of concrete.
The Honduran Cup (established in 1968) is the national football cup of Honduras. The season starts in June.
Victoria Square was established in 1994 in Birmingham, United Kingdom. The town square was named after Queen Victoria.
Adam Again is an alternative rock band from California, United States. They were formed in 1982.
The Apex Historic District, which has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture, is located in Apex, North Carolina, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
2013 was the season of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, an association football team, based in Brazil.
Freigericht is a municipality of Germany which was established in 1970, in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis.
Dominik Szoboszlai, a human, started his career on 21 July 2017 as a midfielder for FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Pablo Morillo was a Lieutenant, who began in July of 1808 and finished in August of 1814.
Adrian Pederick is from South Australia. He was educated at the Urrbrae Agricultural High School. He speaks English, the native language of Adrian Pederick. He works for Human Resources.
100 Grand is a game show broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company. The series originated from the United States and was hosted by Jack Clark.
Castle Adventure is a video game from the United States. It is a Floppy disk adventure game for the DOS.
The Land Transport Management Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament.
Quiet Elegance is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 1971 and their genre is soul music. Their record label is Hi Records.
Cumulus Media owns the radio station WHLD, which was founded in 1941 and is located in New York, in the United States.
LibriVox is a virtual library and database service on the internet. It was founded by Hugh McGuire in August 2005.
The Li Keqiang Government was established in China on 15 March 2013 and is located in Zhongnanhai. It was preceded by the Hu-Wen Administration.
Paul Geaney, a human being, has won the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award. He is a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team.
The Walt Disney Company produced Springtime for Pluto in English. The film was made in the United States and is distributed by RKO Pictures. It is currently in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The Meadowbank ferry wharf is located in New South Wales, Australia. It is owned by Roads and Maritime Services and operated by Transdev Sydney Ferries.
London Tradition is a business in the fashion design industry founded in 2001 in Homerton by Mamun Chowdhury.
Signore delle cime is an Italian language song from Italy written by Bepi De Marzi and published in 1958.
The Birds of North America TV series, which is a birdwatching TV series, is aired on the YouTube channel. The main subject of the series is conservation and Wyatt Cenac is a cast member. The series is written in English.
Adrian Banaszek began his career on 24 March 2017 and finished his career on 31 December 2017. He is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team, which he started with in 2015.
The Musashino Art University in Tokyo, Japan was established in 1962. It is located in Japan and the main topic of the university is the Musashino Art University.
The Sardegna Arena, located in Cagliari, Italy, has the occupant Cagliari Calcio. The Arena was opened on 10 September 2017 and is a football stadium.
Founded in 1877, the POSB Bank is a finance company located in Singapore. It is owned by DBS Bank.
Uwins Island is located in Munster Water, part of the Bonaparte Archipelago, in Western Australia.
The European Association of Development Research and Training Institutes is a registered association in Germany. The organization was founded in 1975 and has its headquarters in Bonn.
The 1998 season was the Detroit Shock's in the United States and they competed in the Women's Basketball League.
Mississippi Rising is a television show from the United States, that was originally broadcast on MSNBC. Paul Miller was the TV director.
Kahkashan is a Hindi TV show from India that was broadcast on DD National. The show was directed by Jalal Agha.
The Coinage Act of 1849 is a United States Act of Congress. It was passed by the 30th United States Congress and signed by Harry S. Truman.
Patrice Noukeu started his career in 2006 with K.A.A. Gent, he played for K.A.A. Gent between January 1st, 2007 and January 1st, 2009.
Craig Simon (born 17 April 1973) is a male rugby league player.
The film Blind Massage originated from France, Nanjing, China. The film won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film, and is in the Chinese language.
The Binaural Tour, a concert tour by Pearl Jam, was started on May 23rd, 2000 in the United States. The tour ended on November 6th, 2000.
The Italian language film Ligabue was originally shown on Rai 1 in Italy. Its director of photography was Roberto Gerardi and its cast included Renzo Palmer.
Huddersfield Grammar School in Kirklees, United Kingdom is an independent school. The school was established in 1958.
Bangabasi Morning College is a higher education institution in Kolkata, India. It was established in 1965. The College is located in the Kolkata district.
Alqas Mirza, a General officer, was a member of the Safavid dynasty and a human being. His father was Ismail I.
Marlee Matlin received the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 59th Academy Awards for her role in the film Children of a Lesser God.
Seattle based Northwest Kidney Centers is a United States business that was founded in 1962 by Belding Hibbard Scribner.
Interior FC is an association football club that was founded in 2002 and is in the GFA League First Division. Their home ground is the Box Bar Stadium.
Daniel Rosolio is a member of the Knesset. He is a human being who speaks Hebrew and works at the University of Haifa.
The Greenland Airport Authority is a state-owned enterprise that was established in 1988. It is a fixed base operator with headquarters in Nuuk.
Drusti Parish (capital: Drusti) is located in the Rauna Municipality in Latvia.
Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 1895 and is part of the list of agriculture ministries.
FK Polimlje is an association football club in Serbia. They were founded in 1926 and play in the Drina Zone League.
The television show Business Center, which was broadcast in Singapore between 2000 and 2005, was originally shown on CNBC Asia.
Berlin Alexanderplatz station is connected to the Berlin Hackescher Markt station, which is on the S7 and S3 lines. Berlin Hackescher Markt station is connected to the S9 line.
"Girls Are Out to Get You" is a funk song by The Fascinations, produced by Curtis Mayfield and released in 1967.
Catalunya al Senat is a parliamentary group in Spain which was created in 1982. The group's ideology is Catalan nationalism and it was disbanded in 1983.
The Film School of the Aristotle University is located in Thessaloniki, Greece. It was established in 2004 and is part of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
The 2015 Shenzhen landslide occurred on 20 December 2015 in Guangming District of Shenzhen, China.
The English language Rocket 88 is based on the Cadillac Boogie. It was written by Jackie Brenston and produced by Sam Phillips.
Blobby Volley is a sports game video game that was released on November 1, 2000 for the macOS. The game is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Luxembourg competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics in the Olympic sports.
Francis Land House is located in Virginia, United States. The house was constructed in 1986 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Ladies' Trophy was held at the Sibur Arena. It is part of the WTA Premier tournament organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Atmosfair is a nonprofit organization in Bonn, Germany. It was founded in 2005 and is a member of the Initiative Transparent Civil Society.
Kovach Island, part of the South Shetland Islands in Antarctica, is located in the Drake Passage. The Antarctic Treaty area is the location of the island.
Kenmore State High School was established in 1972. It is located in the Queensland, Australia, in the administrative territory of Queensland.
Mill Woods Park is an urban park in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was opened in 1982.
The 1946-47 season was the ice hockey team Detroit Red Wings' season. The team played in the United States.
Daporijo is a human settlement in India that was established on 19 June 1991. It is located in Upper Subansiri District, the capital of which, is Upper Subansiri.
The 1946 Chicago Cubs season was a season in baseball for the Chicago Cubs. The team is based in the United States.
The S.A. Engineering College in Tamil Nadu, India was established in 1998. The College is affiliated with Anna University.
Tao Group is a software company founded in 1992 in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom.
Idridgehay railway station is located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom. It was opened in 2008 and is named after Idridgehay.
Algona Brownies are a baseball team in the Western Independent Clubs league. They were founded in 1902 and play in the United States.
Kepez Belediyesi S.K. is a basketball team in Turkey. They are located in Kepez, Antalya. They play in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
Rockets Red Glare, an alternative rock band, was formed in 1999 in Canada. They are signed to Sick Room Records.
Founded in 1960, Navia CF is an association football club from Spain playing in the Tercera División.
The Royal Danish Ballet (founded in 1748) is a ballet company based in Kongens Nytorv, Denmark.
Binham, a village in North Norfolk, is a civil parish in the United Kingdom.
The Castaways Hotel and Casino was built in 1954 and is a skyscraper in Nevada, United States.
The Publishing and Trade Centre "Marka" is a joint-stock company founded in Moscow in 1857.
The company Norwest Corporation, founded in 1929, is headquartered in Minneapolis, United States.
989 Studios is a subsidiary located in Los Angeles in the video game industry. The company was founded by Sony Interactive Entertainment, which was founded by Sony Imagesoft.
The Language Inspectorate in Estonia is a government agency headquartered in Tallinn. The parent organization of the Inspectorate is the Ministry of Education and Research.
Ballabeg station, a train station, opened on 23 July 1877 on the Isle of Man, United Kingdom. The station was closed in 1965.
John Tresse is a male handball coach. He is also a human being.
Umsaskis Lake is located in Aroostook County, Maine, in the United States. The Allagash River is an inflow to the lake.
Kandi Technologies (founded April 19, 2013) is a company in the automotive industry. The company is headquartered in Jinhua. Nasdaq is the stock exchange of Kandi Technologies.
Margaret Chalmers was born in Lerwick, Kingdom of Great Britain. She is a woman and a human being.
Barkmere is a city or town in Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada. It was founded on March 24, 1926 and has a border with Montcalm, Quebec.
WKKC is a radio station in Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1979 and is owned by the City Colleges of Chicago.
The Rouen Business School is located in Mont-Saint-Aignan, Rouen, France. It was established in 1871.
The Jenolan River is located in New South Wales, Australia. It has a tributary called the Mumbedah River and its mouth is the Coxs River.
The Geometric Centre of Slovenia is a geographic centre located in Slivna, in the Municipality of Litija, Slovenia. It is registered as an immobile cultural heritage of Slovenia.
Novosti a.d. is a mass media company in Belgrade which was founded in 1953. It is owned by the Government of Serbia.
Shizuoka University alum and football forward Takahiro Tanio plays for Fujieda MYFC. His profession is human.
The Sahuaro Ranch is located in Glendale, Arizona, United States. The Ranch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Khrapov began his career in 1997 with PFC CSKA Moscow, ending it in 1998.
Fairmont Monte Carlo, a hotel in Spain, was opened on 20 August 1975. The hotel is operated by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
The 2010 Oregon gubernatorial election was held in the United States on November 2, 2010 where John Kitzhaber was the successful candidate for Governor of Oregon.
Taste of China is a documentary film from Standard Chinese origin. It was released in 2015.
KEGE (FM) is a radio station in Hamilton City, California, United States. It was founded in 2006.
The Fersman Mineralogical Museum, which is located in Moscow, Russia, was established in 1716. It is named after Alexander Fersman and is a geological museum.
The 1987 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament held in the United Kingdom.
Blanca Soria Morales, whose real name is Blanca, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. She is a human being who speaks Spanish and works in Mexico City.
The book Tiger Woods was written by Jeff Benedict and published in the United States by Simon & Schuster in 2018.
A Place to Stay, a song from Sweden, was released in 2010. It was performed by Jenny Silver and was followed by Something in Your Eyes.
The Osaka Maritime Museum is located in Osaka, Japan. It was established in 2000 and the architect was Paul Andreu.
Chet Brooks, the surname of which, is Chet, is a safety in the gridiron football. He played for the San Francisco 49ers and is a human being.
The film Nai Nabhannu La was produced in 2014 in Nepal and stars Jiwan Luitel. The film is a Nepali language film.
Kittanning is a borough in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1803 and is the capital of Armstrong County.
Mossis Madu was born in the United States and attended Norman High School. He played running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Taunton Public Library is located in Massachusetts, United States. The architect was Albert Randolph Ross and the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lonesome Luke's Lively Life is a silent film from the United States. It was produced by Hal Roach and stars Bebe Daniels. The film is in the public domain.
The Fantasy Pieces for Clarinet and Piano (Suite) was written by Robert Schumann and published in 1849.
Masashi Kita was born in Japan and is a mixed martial artist who competes in the men's division of the sport, Human.
Alec Guinness won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Drama for the 1957 film The Bridge on the River Kwai.
Woburn Sands is a train station in Woburn Sands, United Kingdom. It is operated by London Midland.
The 1978 Yale Bulldogs football team, from the United States, played American football.
The Captain Moses W. Collyer House is located in the New York State, United States. The house has the Victorian style of architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2001 Summer Universiade was a multi-sport event held in Beijing.
The 1995 Topper South American Open was a tennis tournament held in Argentina. The tournament was part of the ATP Buenos Aires.
Cult Energy Pro Cycling, the team that Andre Steensen was a member of, began in 2006 and ended in 2008. He began his career in 2012 and finished in 2014.
Parrott Hall, a historic house located in the New York state, United States, has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dimitri Tatanashvili played for FC Dinamo Tbilisi, from 2011 to 2013.
Mitchell Stokes, whose given name is Mitchell, is a human being who plays for Wiltshire County Cricket Club. He also plays for Hampshire County Cricket Club.
The Atacama Desert is part of the Pacific Desert ecoregion, in Chile. The main topic of the Atacama Desert is the Atacama Desert. The WWF lists it as one of its ecoregions.
Iryna Farion was a People's Deputy of Ukraine who started her career on 12 December 2012 and resigned on 27 November 2014. She belongs to the electoral district #116 and was a member of the 7th Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada.
The Little Pudding River is located in Marion County, Oregon, in the United States. It is a tributary of the Pudding River. The Willamette River is the drainage basin of the Little Pudding River.
Darren Clarke won the 2000 WGC-Andersen Consulting Match Play Championship, a golf championship in the United States.
Victor Konwlo played for AZ Alkmaar, which began play in 1997 and finished in 1998.
The United States Post Office is located in Hempstead, New York, United States. It was designed by the architects Tooker & Marsh and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1990 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup was a tennis tournament held at the ATP Long Island. It was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
UE Sants is an association football club in Spain. They were founded in 1922 and play in the Primera Catalana league.
The Omani general election of 1997 was held in Oman on 16 October 1997. The election was for a Member of the Consultative Assembly of Oman.
Granville is a New England town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. It was founded on August 2, 1781 and is bordered by Roxbury, Vermont.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1795, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on 15 January 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1794 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1796.
Airglades airport, which was founded on January 3rd, 1942, is in Clewiston, Florida, United States.
The Yilan Brick Kiln is located in Yilan City, Taiwan. It was established in 1938 and is a manufacturing factory.
Everything Changes is a rock music album by Julian Lennon, released in 2011. It was released on Compact disc.
Boffo Games, a video game developer in the United States, was founded in 1994. They dissolved in 1997.
Zhivko Dinev played for OFC Sliven 2000 which he started playing for in January 2011. He also played with OFC Sliven 2000 between January 1st, 2005 and January 1st, 2010. He ended his career in January 2012, having previously played for OFC Sliven 2000.
Tin Maung Win was born on 21 February 1955. He is a politician from the National League for Democracy party. He is a human being.
The episode Shady Deal at Sunny Acres was originally broadcast by the American Broadcasting Company. It was directed by Leslie H Martinson and executive produced by William T Orr. Shady Deal at Sunny Acres is a western.
The Stanislavski Russian Theatre of Yerevan, Armenia, is a theater which was opened in 1937.
Centro Sportivo Maruinense is an association football club based in Maruim, Brazil. It was founded in 1917.
Bernd Kager, a midfielder, is a member of the SK Austria Klagenfurt 2007 team. He is also a human being.
Isaac T. Hopper House is located in Manhattan, United States. It is a historic house with Greek Revival style architecture that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Giant Horse of Oz is written in English after The Gnome King of Oz. It is part of the list of Oz books and was illustrated by John R. Neill. The Giant Horse of Oz was followed by Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz.
Polyrock is a band in the New wave genre that was formed in 1978 in New York City, United States.
The Beaver Creek Bridge is a road bridge in Schleswig, Iowa, United States. It was designed by H. Gene McKeown & Assoc. and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pony Up is an Indie pop band from Montreal, Canada. The band was formed in 2002.
Michael Butler played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC from 1999 to 2000.
The Northern Peninsula Area Region is a local government area in Queensland, Australia. It was created in 2008. The Northern Peninsula Area Region's main topic is the Northern Peninsula Area Region.
Frederik de Wit, whose family is the family of Frederik de Wit, was a native of Amsterdam, the language spoken is Dutch and the notable work Stedenatlas De Wit is one of his works.
Knowledge Ecology International (founded in 1995 and managed by James Love) is a nonprofit organization located in the United States. The organization was founded in 2006.
Hal Partenheimer played for the Detroit Express, which began play in 1979 and finished in 1980.
The novel Lucy Temple, written in English, is named after Lucy. It was written by Susanna Rowson.
The Organ Festival of Braga is a yearly music festival in Braga, Portugal. It was established in 2014.
The Créteil International Women's Film Festival is held in March at the Creteil, France. It was founded in 1978.
The Men's Pro Challenger at Tunica National is a recurring tennis tournament held at Tunica Resorts, Mississippi in the United States.
Forever in My Heart, a TV series from the Philippines, was created by the GMA Network in Tagalog.
Hull High School in the United States is part of the Hull Public Schools district. The school was founded in 1964 and is located in Massachusetts.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program is an award given by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences and was first awarded in 1959. It comes from the United States.
Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School in Japan was established in 1873. The school is located in Osaka. The parent organization of the school is Osaka Prefectural Education Center.
Tonga National Rugby League, which was founded in 1949, is the sports governing body for Tonga. It is the sport of rugby league.
WMQT is a radio station in Marquette, Michigan, United States. It was founded in 1971.
Heublein Tower is located in Connecticut, United States. It was designed by architects Smith & Bassette and is a museum. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jazz is the genre of the album Jazz by Wallace Roney, released on HighNote Records in 2007.
Jasper National Park was designated as a Dark Sky preserve in 2011. The Royal Astronomical Society of Canada approved the designation.
The businessman David Feffer, whose real name is David Feffer, studied at Mackenzie Presbyterian University. He is a human being, and his personal name is David Feffer.
The Thaw is a novelette written in English by Tanith Lee and published in 1979.
The company RapidMind, which was founded in 2004, is located in Waterloo, Ontario. The company's main product is business intelligence software. The company was founded by Stefanus Du Toit.
The 1936 Washington Huskies football team, from the United States, played American football.
SU Agen Football is an association football club from France, which was founded in 1922. They play in the Championnat National 3.
Lambung Mangkurat University is located in Banjarmasin, Indonesia. The university was established in 1958.
The Portugal Fed Cup team is a national team from Portugal. They compete in the Women's tennis competition and in the Fed Cup.
The National Gallery of Art is the location of Plum Brandy, which depicts coffee. Plum Brandy is owned by Charles Deudon, Paul Mellon and is in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
The 1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse was a tennis tournament held in France.
Action for Children's Television is a non-profit organization founded in 1968 by Peggy Charren in Newton, Massachusetts.
Francis Tomkinson, born in the United Kingdom, is a human being. He plays for the England cricket team.
The Japanese language album Desk Top Hard Lock was released in 1994 by DIW Records and was performed by Hikaru Kotobuki.
Persipo Purwakarta is an Indonesian association football club, playing in the Liga Indonesia Second Division. Their home ground is the Purnawarman Stadium.
Tony Casillas, known as Tony, is a US national who played for the Dallas Cowboys. He won the Lombardi Award and is a human being.
Loudon, Tennessee is in the United States. The city was founded in 1790 and is the capital of Loudon County.
The PooPoo PeePee Tour, which was performed by Blink-182 and was a concert tour, was from the United States. The tour began on 27 July 1998 and ended on 25 October 1998.
The Weston County Courthouse in Wyoming, United States was designed by Charles A Randall. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gmina Jastkow is a rural municipality in Lublin County, Poland. Its main category is Gmina Jastkow. Gmina Niemce is a neighbouring municipality.
Hwado Station is a train station in North Korea, owned by the Korean State Railway. It was opened in July 1938.
The 1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team, from the United States, played in the 1950 season.
The Hanshin 9000 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive operated by the Hanshin Electric Railway. It was manufactured by the Kawasaki Heavy Industries Rolling Stock Company and entered service in 1996.
Larry Ned is a human being who graduated from San Diego State University. He is a running back and played for the Minnesota Vikings.
The Last Horse Carriage in Berlin was filmed in Berlin, Germany. The director of photography was Tony Frenguelli and Lupu Pick is a cast member.
Aleppo Eyalet was founded in 1534 and was in the Ottoman Empire. Its capital was Aleppo and the Eyalet was abolished in 1864.
Van Vredenburg Farm is a historic house in the Greek Revival style, located in the New York State, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Doomtree is an alternative hip hop collective from the United States, whose members include Dessa.
Skynyrd Frynds is a compilation album of country rock music from the United States. The album was released in 1994 by MCA Records.
Railroad Tigers is from China and was made in Mandarin Chinese. It was written in Shandong and starred He Yunwei and Hiroyuki Ikeuchi.
The Wilton House Museum was founded in 1750 and is located in Virginia, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The KUDL radio station is owned by Entercom and was established in 1957. The station is located in California, United States.
Joe Scarborough is the host of the television show Scarborough Country, which was originally broadcast on MSNBC in English. The show originates from the United States.
The 2010 Women's World Open Squash Championships were held in Sharm El Sheikh. The event is considered a women's sports championship.
Jean Monet, son of Claude Monet, was born in Camille Doncieux. He was married to Blanche Hoschede Monet. Jean Monet is a human being. Michel Monet is Jean Monet's brother.
The Century automobile company is located in Detroit, United States. It was founded in 1912 and dissolved in 1915.
The Eurodance single "The Summer Is Magic" was released on July 28, 1994. It was produced by Emanuele Asti and features the song Playahitty.
The Charlotte Lady Eagles are a women's association football club in the United States. The club was founded in 2003.
Don 2: The King is Back is a video game developed by Gameshastra and published by Excel Entertainment. It was released in February 2013 for the PlayStation 2.
The band Unicorn is a rock music band from Japan. They were formed in 1986. They are signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2103 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 22 May 2013. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2102 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2104.
Koulpélogo Province (capital Ouargaye) is in the Centre-Est region of Burkina Faso.
Tokyo Sogensha is a member of the Shuppan Azusakai and is located in Tokyo, Japan. It was founded in February 1948.
Leningrad (band), whose main genre is Ska punk, was formed in Saint Petersburg. Leningrad (band) is named after Leningrad and has Sergey Shnurov as a member.
Pivit is a punk rock band from San Diego, United States. They were formed in 1994.
Seacliff railway station is located in South Australia. It is a train station on the Seaford railway line and was opened in 1915.
Sophie Dodemont, born Sophie, competed in the Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics - Women's team. Sophie is a human being.
Gulripshi District is located within the Republic of Abkhazia and its capital is Gulripshi. It is a district of Abkhazia which has a border with the Sukhumi District.
Francesco De Gregori is the performer of Terra di nessuno which was released in 1987 by Columbia Records. The album was preceded by Scacchi e tarocchi.
Madison Green Historic District, Madison, Connecticut, United States, is a historic district that was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The Deacon John Grave House is part of the district.
Hongdong West railway station is a train station in China operated by the China Railway Taiyuan Group. The station is connected to the Datong-Xi'an passenger railway and is adjacent to the Huozhou East railway station.
The Oaks Airfield is located in New South Wales, Australia. The airport is named after the Oaks , New South Wales.
Ismael Ordaz Jimenez, known as Ismael, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Mexico City. He is a human being who speaks Spanish.
Cherokee High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1975 and is part of the Lenape Regional High School District.
Chandos Lake is located in Ontario, Canada. Its outflow is the Crowe River.
TeraView is a United Kingdom based business founded by Michael Pepper in 2001. Their headquarters are located in Cambridge.
Great Dunham is a village and civil parish in the Breckland District of the United Kingdom.
The Plaza West Covina is a shopping mall in California, United States. It was opened in 1975.
Cines del Sur is a film festival in Granada, Spain. It was founded in 2001 and it is held in June.
Molson Brewery is a brewing company that produces beer. Molson Brewery is a joint-stock company that was founded by John Molson. Molson Coors Brewing Company is the parent organization of Molson Brewery.
KMHD is a radio station in Oregon, United States. The station was established in 1984 and is owned by Mt. Hood Community College.
Harpenden Common Golf Club is located in Harpenden, United Kingdom.
WFCF is a radio station in Flagler College, Florida, United States. Its was created in 1993.
Oxford Rugby League is a sports league in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2012. The sport is rugby union.
Alonsotegi is located in the Greater Bilbao area of Spain. It was established in 1191 and it is a municipality of Spain. Arrankudiaga is a neighbouring town to Alonsotegi.
Betty Degner, born in Amboy, Illinois, was a female baseball player and human.
Oculus Sacerdotis is a book written in Latin by William of Pagula in the Kingdom of England. It was published in 1320.
The Heavy Pets are a rock band from Goshen, New York, United States. They were formed in 2005.
XEQ-FM is a radio station in Mexico City that was founded in 1957. It is owned by Radiopolis.
Kinel is a city/town in Kinel Urban Area, Russia. It was founded in 1837, and is the capital of Kinelsky District.
Tell City is located in Perry County, Indiana, United States. It was founded in July 1857 and is the capital of Perry County.
Gary Spani is a human being who attended Kansas State University and is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs. He is a linebacker.
Teach For America is a nonprofit organization based in New York City, United States. The organization was founded by Wendy Kopp in 1989.
The International Journal of Mass Spectrometry is a scientific journal published in English. The journal was established in 1968 and is published by Elsevier. The main subject of the journal is mass spectrometry.
Matsumoto City Gymnasium in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan is operated by Matsumoto, Nagano and is an arena.
John Toll was the winner of the Academy Award for Best Cinematography at the 68th Academy Awards. He was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. Braveheart won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography.
Raymond Stross was born in Leeds and attended Abingdon School. He is a human being and is known for being a man.
The romantic comedy Kathanayaki was made in India in the Tamil language and was directed by K. Ramnoth. The film was produced by T.R. Sundaram.
Petite Mustique is an island in the Grenadines Parish in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Caribbean.
Bhavna is a Hindi drama film which was written by Mushtaq Jalili. It was produced in India and stars Shabana Azmi.
The Tyndale Bulletin is a scientific journal published in English by Tyndale House, Cambridge. It was established in England in 1956.
Mikhail Stasyulevich, who edited Vestnik Evropy, started in 1866 and finished in 1908.
The 2018 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team, from the United States, played American football in 2018.
Linn Run State Park, a Pennsylvania State Park, was established in 1909 and is located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The park is categorized as a Natural Monument or Feature.
Kingswear railway station is located in Kingswear, United Kingdom. The station was opened in 1864 and is a train station.
William Little is the name of Will Little, who attended Science Hill High School and Milligan College. He worked for Major League Baseball as a human resources employee.
Leandro Sapetti is a Spanish speaking defender who is a member of Club Atlético Temperley. Leandro Sapetti is also a human being.
The Skyline Sports Complex is a sports venue in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States. Penn FC is the occupant of the Skyline Sports Complex.
Brad Schneider graduated from Northwestern University in 1983 with a Bachelor of Science degree. He graduated in 1985 with a Master of Business Administration degree.
The comedy film Punching Henry, released on 13 March 2016, originates from the United States. The film's language is English.
The Budapest City Archives (established in 1873) is located in the city of Budapest, Hungary. It is a municipal archive.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1361 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on July 5, 2001. The Council Resolution 1361 was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1360 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1362.
Chuncheon Civic Stadium is located in Chuncheon, South Korea. It was opened in 1980 and its occupant is Ulsan Hyundai FC.
The Club Rachad Bernoussi is an association football club in the Botola 2 league. They were founded in 1961 and play in Morocco.
The Stehekin River is located in the North Cascades National Park in the state of Washington, in the United States. The Stehekin River flows into Lake Chelan.
The Bulgarian Development Bank was founded in 1999. It is a national development bank that offers financial services and has its headquarters in Sofia, Bulgaria.
The band Tres Chicas was formed in 1999 in the United States. They are a rock and pop band whose genre is country music. They are signed with Yep Roc Records.
Adina World Beat Beverages, a San Francisco based company in the drink industry, was founded in 2004.
The architect of Street Hall in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, was Peter Bonnett Wight. The hall was completed in 1864.
Eastar Jet is a Korean airline headquartered in Gangseo District, Seoul. The company was founded in 2007 and its hub is Gimpo International Airport.
The Buffalo Bisons, from the United States, played in the 1880 baseball season.
Irvine Bank Street railway station is located in Irvine, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom. It is operated by Caledonian Railway.
Tianjin Dongli FC, which play in the China League Two, is an association football club in China. The club was founded in January 2006.
Alfie are an Indie rock band from Manchester, formed in 1999. The band is signed to Twisted Nerve Records.
FC Lashyn is an association football club in the Kazakhstan First Division. They were founded in 2009 and play in Kazakhstan.
Mississauga Power, a basketball team from Canada, were founded in 2011. Their home ground is Paramount Fine Foods Centre.
Harriet Pollatsek graduated from the University of Michigan in 1967 with an academic major in Mathematics. Her doctoral advisor was Jack E McLaughlin. She received a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Michigan.
Jean Smart is the actress who portrays the character Martha Logan in the TV series 24. Martha Logan is a fictional human being who has Aaron Pierce as her partner.
Belén FC is an association football club from Costa Rica. It was founded on 13 June 1979. They play in the Liga FPD.
Berlin Westkreuz station is located next to Berlin-Charlottenburg station which is connected to the S9 line. The S7 line and the S3 line are also connected to Berlin-Charlottenburg station.
Moorestown High School in the United States is in the district of Moorestown Township Public Schools. The school was established in 1904 and is located in the city of Moorestown in New Jersey.
The 1928 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team, from the United States, played American football. The team played in 1928.
Chaker Alhadhur began his career at Stade Malherbe Caen in 2015.
Manazuru is a town in Ashigarashimo District, Kanagawa, Japan.
The 1912 Oklahoma Sooners football team played American football. They represent the United States and were in the 1912 season.
Homi Bhabha National Institute in Mumbai, India was founded by the Department of Atomic Energy in 2005. The institute is a deemed university.
The Bedford Road Historic District in New York, United States is part of the National Register of Historic Places. The district has the Greek Revival style of architecture.
Kerala Panineeyam is a book written in Malayalam by A.R. Raja Raja Varma and published in 1896 in India.
Field Island is located in Frobisher Bay, Nunavut, Canada. It is part of the Arctic Archipelago.
The Redeemer's University in Nigeria was established in 2005 and is located in Lagos.
Alsunga Municipality was created in 2009 and is located in Latvia. The capital of the municipality is Alsunga.
Written by Mo Willems, the book That is NOT a Good Idea! was published in the United States in January 2013. The book is a children's literature book.
Sirens are a rock and pop band from Newcastle upon Tyne. The band's genre is Contemporary R&B and they were formed in 2003. They are signed to Kitchenware Records.
The Coupe Dodge is an ice hockey tournament for women that was started in 2003 and is currently held in Canada.
Manuel Burgos is a member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party and Vice President of Paraguay. He was also known as Manuel Burgos and is a human being.
David Lovell, whose name is David, is a human being who plays cricket for Wales Minor Counties Cricket Club.
The 2001 Wisconsin Badgers football team, from the United States, played in American Football.
Goytre United FC is an association football club based in the United Kingdom. Goytre United FC play at the Glenhafod Park Stadium and play in the Welsh Football League Division One.
IHH Healthcare, a business in Malaysia, was founded in 1974. The company is located in Kuala Lumpur.
Huju Chongnyon Station in North Korea is operated by the Korean State Railway. The station was opened on 27 November 1987 and is a train station on the Pukpu Line.
Located in Dushanbe, Barkchi is an association football club which was founded in 2006. Barkchi play in the Tajikistan Higher League.
The Pine Leaf Boys are a musical ensemble from the United States that performs Cajun music. They are signed to the Arhoolie Records label and include Wilson Savoy as a member.
Lache Seastrunk graduated from Temple High School in Texas. He is an American football running back who plays for the Calgary Stampeders. He is a human being.
The West Coast Pirates are a rugby league team in Australia. They were established in 2012 and play rugby union.
Argentino de Mendoza is an association football club from Argentina. It was founded on 10 January 1925 and is a member of the Torneo Argentino C league.
Wembley Central station is located adjacent to Stonebridge Park station on the Watford DC line. The station is connected to the Bakerloo line. Stonebridge Park station is located between the Euston railway station and the Elephant & Castle tube station.
Chacaltaya is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in Bolivia, La Paz Department, South America.
Moscow State Forest University in Moscow, Russia is located in the city and was established in 1919.
Nightwing is a progressive rock band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 1978.
The Kaidatsky Bridge is located in Dnipro, Ukraine. It was opened on 10 November 1982 and it is a road bridge that crosses the Dnieper.
Vladimir Sournin, a human, chess player from the United States.
Billy Brawn is a human name. He plays for Chelsea FC and Aston Villa FC. He also represented England.
The Far East Organization, founded in 1962 by Ng Teng Fong, is a retail business located in Singapore.
Rice & Hutchins, founded in 1866 by William B. Rice, is a United States based business located in Boston.
The Mitsubishi Galant is a family car model from Japan manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors.
Vernon Township High School in Vernon Township, New Jersey, United States was established in 1975. It is part of Vernon Township School District.
Shiozawa (, Shiozawa) is a town in Minami-Uonuma District, Niigata, Japan. It is a human settlement.
Pedro Cateriano was Prime Minister of Peru from 2 April 2015 to 28 July 2016. He was succeeded by Fernando Zavala and Ana Jara was Prime Minister of Peru.
ESM Kolea is an association football club in Algeria. It was founded in 1946. They play in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur.
Jose Yudica played for Talleres de Remedios de Escalada between 1970 and 1971.
Founded in 1987, HNZ Group is an airline based in Les Cèdres, Quebec, Canada. The company is traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Gilles Fortin, whose given name is Gilles, is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. Gilles Fortin is a human being who speaks English.
Cantonese is the language of Storm in a Cocoon, a TV drama which was produced by TVB in Hong Kong and ended on 28 March 2014.
The main topic of Baldwin Street in Dunedin, New Zealand is named after William Baldwin, a New Zealand politician. The street can be found in the Otago region.
Manuel Schwenk, a human being, has played for Holstein Kiel in the 2 Bundesliga league. He plays for the Germany national under-18 football team.
The 1973 Boise State Broncos football team, from the United States, played American football in 1973.
Jimm is a Java based instant messaging client that was created in 2004. It is available on the Java Virtual Machine and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Birmingham Athletics, a basketball team in the English Basketball League, is based in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 2004.
Davide Facchin played for F.C. Pavia, which was acquired by a loan deal in 2010. He began his career in January 2009 and finished his career in January 2010.
The 1957 Louisville Cardinals football team played in the United States and is an American football team.
Gagan Dosanjh is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the Fraser Valley Mariners and FC Edmonton.
M Financial Group is a privately held company founded in 1978 by Peter W Mullin headquartered in Portland, Oregon.
McMullin Island is part of the Windmill Islands, is located in the Southern Ocean, Antarctica and is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
Katsuo Okazaki was Chief Cabinet Secretary from May 6, 1950 to December 26, 1951. He was succeeded by Shigeru Hori and Kaneshichi Masuda was Chief Cabinet Secretary.
BM Ciudad Real is a handball team from Spain. They were founded in 1981 and play their home games at the Quijote Arena.
The Center Street Bridge is a road bridge that crosses the Willamette River in Oregon, United States. It was opened on 30 July 1918.
Bo Harris, whose surname is Harris, played linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals and is a human being.
The Cessna 162 Skycatcher is a model of aircraft that was manufactured by Cessna and first flown on October 13, 2006. The aircraft entered service in December 2009.
Mount Stevenson is a mountain in the Absaroka Range of Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, in the United States.
The Beallsville Historic District is located in Beallsville, Pennsylvania, United States. It is in the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1994 Oklahoma Sooners football team from the United States played American football in the 1994 season.
Gene Corum is a human being who plays American football for the West Virginia Mountaineers. His given name is Gene.
1936 Wimbledon Championships - Mixed Doubles was a tennis event held at the 1936 Wimbledon Championships.
Jiangpu Park station is located in Shanghai, China. It was opened on December 29, 2013 and is a train station on Line 12 of the Shanghai metro.
Ronald James, whose surname is Ronald, plays as a fullback for Maesteg RFC. He is also a human being.
Michael Gibson, a footballer, played for Penrith City SC. He started with Penrith City SC in 1998 and finished in 1999.
St Neots Town Football Club, founded in 1879, is based in the United Kingdom. They play in the Southern Football League.
Nicholas Ashton is a cricketer from the United Kingdom. He was educated at Oriel College, Oxford and is a human being.
The Festival of Flanders is a music festival in Mechelen, Belgium. The festival is focused on the performing arts.
Fincastle Historic District is located in Virginia, United States and has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Josh Willie, a member of the Australian Labor Party, is a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. Josh is his name, his family name is Willie and he is a human.
The comic novel Trust Me was written by Rajashree and was published in India in 2006.
The Lamar Community Centre is located in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin, United States. It is an American Craftsman style community centre that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Institute of Higher National Diploma in Engineering is affiliated to the University Grants Commission in Sri Lanka. It was established in 1978 and is located in Colombo.
Sevenoaks District, which has the capital city of Sevenoaks, is located in Kent, United Kingdom. The district was established on 1 April 1974 and is a non-metropolitan district.
Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera is a member of the National Action Party of Mexico. Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera is a human being who speaks Spanish. He lives in Mexico City.
Warren, Pennsylvania is in the United States. It was founded in 1795 and is the capital of Warren County.
Serge Savard is a defenceman who played in the National Hockey League. He was awarded the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy and the Panthéon des sports du Québec. He was also a member of the Winnipeg Jets who were in the National Hockey League between 1972 and 1996.
Walter Hussey is Dean of Chichester, United Kingdom. He was educated at Keble College, Oxford. His name is Walter Hussey and he is a human being.
Mind Odyssey is a progressive metal band from Germany. They were formed in 1993 and are signed to Napalm Records.
The Peugeot 304 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot and is the follow up to the Peugeot 204. It is followed by the Peugeot 305.
Freemacs is a text editor for the operating system FreeDOS. It was developed by Russ Nelson, uses the Emacs Lisp programming language and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
The Miss Namibia pageant was founded in 1980 and is based in Windhoek. The main category of the pageant is Miss Namibia.
David Soul's pop song Silver Lady was released on August 1977 by Private Stock Records.
Fortino Carrillo Sandoval, known as Fortino, is a member of the National Action Party in Mexico. He worked in Mexico City and is a human being. Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
The City of Cessnock is located in New South Wales, Australia. It was established in 1906. The capital city is Cessnock.
The Oxo Tower is a mixed-use building in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom. The tower has an Art Deco architectural style.
Granly Hockey Arena is located in Esbjerg Municipality, Denmark. It was built in 1976 and is occupied by Esbjerg Energy.
Joe Ayrault, whose given name is Joe, played for the Atlanta Braves. He is a catcher and was educated at Sarasota High School. Joe Ayrault is a human being.
Bubal Station, operated by Korail, is a train station in South Korea. It is located on the Gyeonggang Line and was opened on 24 September 2016.
Danilo Clementino played for Serra Talhada Futebol Clube, a team Danilo Clementino played for from 2011 to 2013.
Khun Chai Ronapee is a soap opera television series from Thailand, which was broadcast on Channel 3. It was directed by Chatchai Plengpanich.
Kamut Lake is located in the Kitikmeot region of Canada. The Coppermine River is an outflow of the lake.
The 2015 North Texas Mean Green football team, based in the United States, played American football in 2015.
The Michael Vick Project is a reality television show that was broadcast on BET in the United States. It began on January 26, 2010.
Atlantic Sun Conference, which was founded in 1978, is a sports league based on association football.
One Giant Leap is an English TV series episode, which was first shown on October 9, 2006. It was written by Jeph Loeb and directed by Greg Beeman.
The TV series Hot Ice originates from Russia and was broadcasted on Channel One Russia from 3 January 2009 to 30 June 2009.
South Lakes High School is located in Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1979. The school is a part of the Fairfax County Public Schools.
ZMDI is a German company that produces business equipment. The company was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Dresden. ZMDI is a subsidiary of ZMDI and is organized as an Aktiengesellschaft.
Sant Pau is a restaurant in Spain which was founded by Carme Ruscalleda in 1988. Sant Pau closed on 27 October 2018.
The 1999 Boise State Broncos football team, based in the United States, played in the American Football league. The team competed in the 1999 season.
Edward Grenfell, 1st Baron St Just was educated at Harrow School. He spoke English and was a Member of the 34th Parliament of the United Kingdom. Edward Grenfell , 1st Baron St Just was also a Member of the 36th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was the son of Henry Grenfell.
Li Qishi, whose surname is Li, competed in the sport of speed skating in China. Li Qishi is a human being.
The Towers of Silence, written in English, is published by Heinemann. It was written in India and is the sequel to The Day of the Scorpion. A Division of the Spoils followed.
Smederevo Hall is a sports venue in Smederevo, Serbia. The occupants of the hall are KK Smederevo 1953.
James Roby is a human being who plays rugby league for the England national rugby league team and the Great Britain national rugby league team.
The Tokyo Ginko Kyokai Building in Japan was completed in September 1993 and is a skyscraper owned by Mitsubishi Estate.
Brian Boyle is a centre player who was born in the United States and attended Boston College. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings and later played for the New York Rangers.
Hatalov is a municipality of Slovakia which was created in 1278. It is situated in Michalovce District in the Eastern Slovak Lowland.
The Sichuan Normal University was founded in 1938 in Chengdu, China.
Bizhbulyaksky District, which was created on January 15, 1965, is a municipal district. The capital of the district is Bizhbulyak and it is bordered by Belebeyevsky District and Miyakinsky District.
Diyan Petkov is an association football midfielder who plays for PFC Naftex Burgas. He is also a human being.
The Interchange21 shopping mall is located in Khlong Toei Nuea, Thailand. It was opened in 2008.
The Falls Bridge is a truss bridge which crosses the Schuylkill River in Pennsylvania, United States. It was inaugurated in June 1895.
Music is the main subject of the Japanese language drama, Solanin which is a romance anime series. The author of the series is Inio Asano and the series originates from Japan.
Diana Ossana was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for Brokeback Mountain. The award was given at the 78th Academy Awards.
Rajapaksha Central College is a school in Weeraketiya, Sri Lanka. It was founded in 1940 by C.W.W Kannangara.
Hideko Goto was born on 30 March 1949. She is a female athlete who plays table tennis. Hideko Goto is also a human being.
Zonda Telecom, a Mexico-based company, was founded in 1968 and is located in Guadalajara. The company offers telecommunications services and does business in Mexico.
Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw originates from the U.S. and is distributed by American International Pictures. Gerrit Graham stars in the film which was filmed in New Mexico. English is the original language of the film.
Ialoveni District was created in 2002 and is located in Moldova. The capital of the district is Ialoveni.
Charles Chun, a human being, is an actor who graduated from Connecticut College. His real name is Charles Chun and he is a man.
Boryslav is a city of regional significance in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine. It was founded in 1387.
Eagle Lake, which has an outflow called the Eagle River, is found in Ontario, Canada.
Jose Quirante played football for FC Barcelona from 1901 to 1910. He retired in 1909 and played for FC Barcelona until 1912.
Globe Wernicke is a United States manufacturing company founded in 1899 and succeeded by the Sheller-Globe Corporation.
The Legislative Assembly of Madeira is located in Casa da Alfandega do Funchal, Madeira, Portugal. The Legislative Assembly of Madeira has a member.
Kenneth Kronholm played for VfL Wolfsburg from 2004 to 2005.
Peterborough & Fletton United FC, who play in the Southern Football League, were active between 1923 and 1932. The club is an association football team whose home ground is the London Road Stadium.
KSLU, owned by Southeastern Louisiana University, is a radio station in Hammond, Louisiana, United States.
KXEW is a radio station in South Tucson, Arizona, United States. It was founded in 1963.
Culture Convenience Club was founded in Hirakata, Tokyo, Japan in 1982. The company is in the business of providing convenience services.
The Holden Commodore (VZ) is a car model made by General Motors. It is the successor to the Holden Commodore (VY), and was succeeded by the Holden Commodore (VE).
Hattie McDaniel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 12th Academy Awards. She was nominated for Gone with the Wind.
Goldie Hawn, who was nominated at the 42nd Academy Awards, won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Cactus Flower.
Panormos is a village in the Tinos region of Greece. Panormos is located in the Tinos Municipality.
Ashford Town (Middlesex) FC is an association football club in the Southern Football League that was founded in the United Kingdom in 1958.
Al Mahwit is located in the Al Mahwit Governorate and is the capital of the country. It is also the location of the city of Al Mahwit in Yemen and is part of the list of districts of Yemen.
The Boeing C-137 Stratoliner is a subclass of the Boeing 707. It is manufactured by Boeing and was first flown on 31 December 1958. It is used for airlift.
Teno Airport, which is located in the Colchagua Province, is located in Teno, Chile. Teno Airport serves the transport hub of Teno.
Jackie Stewart is a member of the Equipe Matra Sports team. He was educated at Dumbarton Academy and has a son called Paul Stewart. He is also a racing driver. He speaks English. Jimmy Stewart is a brother to Jackie Stewart.
Beijing Design Week is a recurring event in Beijing, China. It began in 2009.
Virginia Damerini was born in Italy and is an opera singer and voice player. Virginia Damerini is a female singer.
Ketnetpop is a Belgian TV show which was created in 2008 and is shown in Dutch. Frank Van Laecke is the director of Ketnetpop.
Marucci Sports, which is located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is in the baseball bat industry. The company was founded in 2002 and produces sports equipment.
Buchanan Street is a shopping street in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
The Charterhouse of the Transfiguration is a Charterhouse (monastery) in Arlington, Vermont, United States. It was established in 1950 and belongs to the Carthusians order.
James Margolis, a human being, competed in fencing at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He graduated from Columbia University.
Francisco Jimenez Merino is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, he is a human being and he speaks Spanish. He works in Mexico City.
Buena Regional High School was founded in 1971 and is located in New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Buena Regional School District.
Guayaquil City FC, an association football club in Ecuador, was founded on September 7, 2007. Guayaquil City FC play in the Ecuadorian Serie B league.
Gayle Hopkins is a human being whose sport of athletics is long jump.
Fernando Solana, born Fernando, lives in Mexico City and is a member of the Senate of Mexico. Fernando Solana is a human being and Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
WPEP is a radio station in Taunton, Massachusetts, U.S. The station was established in 1949.
American Pharoah was the winner of the 2015 Breeders' Cup Classic which was part of the 2015 Breeders' Cup season in horse racing.
The Panhard VCR, made by Panhard, is an armoured personnel carrier. It was made in France and entered service in 1979. The Panhard VCR fought in the Iran-Iraq War.
Lee Plaza in Detroit, Michigan, United States is an Art Deco style revenue house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Andy Sutton, who plays for Wiltshire County Cricket Club, has played for Herefordshire County Cricket Club. Andy Sutton is a human being.
WADS is a radio station in the United States which was established in 1986. It is located in Ansonia, Connecticut and is licensed to broadcast to the community.
Philippe Myers is a human being. His given name is Philippe. He played in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers.
BluePhoenix Solutions, a business in Israel, was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Herzliya. Nasdaq is the stock exchange for BluePhoenix Solutions.
The MV Ancona is a ship built at the Lindholmen Shipyard in Panama City. It is owned by Minoan Lines.
The 1973 Alabama Crimson Tide football team is an American football team that played in the 1973 season. The team comes from the United States.
Mexico footballer Paul Moreno played for his country from 1983 to 1991.
The Grand Trunk Bridge in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, is over the South Saskatchewan River and was opened in March 1908.
Slirp is a Unix-like operating system software program which was created on 30 March 1995. It is released under a permissive software license.
The capital of Acapetahua is Acapetahua. It is located in the Municipality of Chiapas in Mexico.
Crewe & Nantwich Steamers are a rugby union sports team that was established in 2003 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Argyle Park is a rock band from the United States. The band was founded in 1994 and is signed to R.E.X. Records.
Citizen Joe is an episode of the television series which was first broadcast on January 8, 2005. It was written by Robert C. Cooper and directed by Andy Mikita. The original language of the series is English.
Ed Puskarich played for the DFW Tornados between 2001 and 2003. He also played for the Tornados in 2000.
South Forsyth High School was established in 1989. It is located in the state of Georgia in the United States. The school is part of Forsyth County Schools.
John Hurt was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor-Movement Picture for the 1978 film Midnight Express.
Dave Kraayeveld, whose given name is Dave, is a human being. He was educated at Milton College and was a member of the Seattle Seahawks football team as a defensive end.
Dawn of the Replicants is an Indie rock musical ensemble formed in Galashiels in 1996. The band is signed to East West Records.
Kinetic Engineering Limited, a business in India, was founded in 1972 by H.K. Firodia and is located in Pune.
The Catalan Nationalist Party (Spain) was founded in 1932 and dissolved in 1936. The party's ideology is the Catalan independence movement.
The Catcher is from the United States and was filmed in California. David Heavener stars in the English language version of the film. The film was filmed in Arizona.
Bastian Schweinsteiger played for Germany, the country he represented, starting on 6 June 2004 and ending on 31 August 2016.
Longridge is a town and civil parish in the Ribble Valley, United Kingdom.
The Binta International School was founded in 1994 by Wale Adenuga in the city of Ejigbo, Nigeria.
Streatfeild Lake is in Ontario, Canada. The lake's outflow is the Streatfeild River.
The English language opera Voodoo was first performed on 10 September 1928. It is the work of composer Harry Lawrence Freeman.
The Splendid fairywren is a taxon endemic to Australia. It is the least-concern species and its parent taxon is Malurus.
Bruno Marioni started his career in 1998 with Sporting CP, he retired in 1999.
28 State Street is a high-rise building designed by Emery Roth in the United States. It is located in Massachusetts and was completed in 1970.
Francesca Pomeri, born in Filottrano, plays water polo for the Italian women's national team. Francesca Pomeri is also human.
Pleiades' Dust is the follow up album to Colored Sands by Gorguts. It was released on 13 May 2016 and was produced by Colin Marston.
Biseni is a modern language, a subclass of Ijaw languages, from Bayelsa State, Nigeria.
The Florida International University alumni association is located in Miami, United States.
SkyMall is an e-commerce business founded in 1990 by Bob Worsley, headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey.
The Otowi Historic District of New Mexico, United States, is a Pueblo Revival style house. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Puslinch is a human settlement in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada. It is a lower-tier municipality that is bordered by Milton, Ontario.
Underwood Park is a sports venue in Rochedale, Queensland, Australia. The occupants of Underwood Park are Rochedale Rovers FC and the park is owned by the Government of Queensland.
The headquarters of Khors Air, an airline based in Kiev, Ukraine, are in the country. The airline was established in 1990 and its hub is Boryspil International Airport.
Doraville, Georgia, is located in the DeKalb County, United States. Doraville was established in 1871.
The forensic archaeologist Caroline Sturdy Colls was awarded the European Archaeological Heritage Prize. She studied at the University of Birmingham and is an employee of Staffordshire University. Her research is focused on human forensics.
Brooklyn Park is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, in the United States. Brooklyn Park was created in 1850. New Hope is a city neighbouring Brooklyn Park.
The Russian National Orchestra was founded in 1990 in Russia. They are an orchestra whose genre is Classical music.
The Singing Bridge is in the United States and is located in Kentucky. The bridge carries Kentucky River and was opened in 1893.
Sergio Troncoso, known as Sergio, graduated from Harvard University. His notable work is The Nature of Truth. He was awarded the Fulbright Program.
Nathalie Krebs, born in Denmark, is a human being who was awarded the Prince Eugen Medal. Nathalie Krebs is a woman.
The League of Militant Atheists, an organization founded by Yemelyan Yaroslavsky, is located in Moscow, Soviet Union. The League was founded in 1929.
Petrocaribe, a public company, was founded in 2005 and is a subsidiary of PDVSA. The company is based in Venezuela.
The IEEE Undergraduate Teaching Award, established in 1990, is part of the IEEE Medals, Technical Field Awards, and Recognitions. It is given by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
KBBI, a radio station in Homer, Alaska, is part of the United States and was established in 1970.
KQSF is a radio station in Dell Rapids, South Dakota, in the United States. The station was established in 1998.
Svetlogorsky District in Russia is a municipal district created on November 2, 2007 in Kaliningrad Oblast. Its capital is Svetlogorsk.
Strathmore is the capital of Wheatland County, Alberta, Canada. The county is located in the municipal district of Alberta, which is also bordered by Starland County.
The Kragsyde, a building in Maine, United States, was designed by Peabody and Stearns and was completed in 1885.
Ameland Airport is located in Ballum, Netherlands. The airport is named after Ameland, the transport hub of which is Ameland.
Sergey Burdin began his career in 1988 with the club PFC CSKA Moscow and finished his career in 1989.
Warkauden Jalkapalloklubi is an association football club in Finland. They were founded in 2000, and play in the league Kakkonen.
Ronald Chitiyo, known as Ronald, is a human being who plays for the CS Sfaxien football club as a midfielder in the sport of Association football.
Parkbeg is a human settlement in Saskatchewan, Canada, that was established in 1911. Tugaske, Saskatchewan is a neighbouring city.
KGEO is a radio station in Bakersfield, California, United States. The station was founded in 1945.
1998 KY26 is an Apollo asteroid which was discovered by Spacewatch in Arizona on 28 May 1998.
The Transcosmos Stadium in Nagasaki, Japan is owned by Nagasaki Prefecture. The stadium is located in Isahaya, Nagasaki. The occupant of the stadium is V-Varen Nagasaki.
2 Columbus Circle is a museum in Manhattan, United States. It was designed by architect Edward Durell Stone and opened in 1964.
Swift Run Gap is a mountain pass in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia, United States.
Songs of Travel and Other Verses is a collection of poetry written by Robert Louis Stevenson. The book was published in 1896. The book is in the public domain.
Allan Blakeney was the successful candidate in the 1978 Saskatchewan general election, which was held in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Quinn Martin created The Streets of San Francisco, which is a 3 season series of the English speaking series.
Trond Fredriksen is the name of a human. He is a midfielder for Aalesunds FK.
The Empire District Electric Company is located in Joplin, Missouri, United States. The company was founded in 1909 and is in business. The company is traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
Michael Henig, a human being, plays quarterback for Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
KNOM is a radio station in Nome, Alaska, United States. The station was founded in 1971.
The creator of Dragon Tales is Ron Rodecker. The English language is the language spoken in the series which was distributed by Sony Pictures Television. The musical score for Dragon Tales is by Jesse Harris and Joey Levine.
Codecademy is an English speaking website that was started in 2011 and is headquartered in New York City.
Knuckledust is a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom. The band was formed in 1996.
The Balkan Region, in Turkmenistan, was created on 18 May 1992. The capital of the region is Balkanabat and it borders the Mangystau region.
Coffee Meets Bagel is a website that provides a social networking service founded by Dawoon Kang. Its headquarters are in San Francisco and it was launched on April 17, 2012.
The Baltika Group, a publicly traded company, is in the clothing industry. Its headquarters are in Tallinn and was founded in 1928.
Xander Parish was born in 1986 and is a male ballet dancer who is a student at the Royal Ballet School. Xander Parish is a human being.
Bunratty Castle is located in County Clare, Republic of Ireland. Its architectural style is Norman architecture and it was established in 1425.
The Big Muddy River, with its tributary Beaucoup Creek, is located in Illinois, United States. It is a tributary of the Mississippi River.
Shibe Park is a baseball park in the city of Philadelphia, United States. History of the Philadelphia Athletics are the occupants of the Shibe Park. The Philadelphia Phillies are the occupants of Shibe Park.
Armenoi, located in the municipality of Apokoronas, Greece, is a human settlement that shares a border with Souda.
The book Eleanor Marx: A Life was published in the UK by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2014.
Shariff Abdul Samat played for Home United FC between 2005 and 2010.
The Central Anticorruption Bureau in Warsaw, Poland was established in 2006 and is chaired by Ernest Bejda.
The Mamaroneck High School is located in New York State, United States. The school was established in 1928. The school is part of the Mamaroneck Union Free School District.
Mohamed Emara started with Al Ahly SC in 1996 and finished in 1998. He also played for the team from 2002 to 2004.
Beech Factory Airport was established on January 4, 1940 and serves the transport hub of Wichita, Kansas, United States.
Green Island is in Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, U.S. It is located in Suffolk County, Massachusetts. It is part of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
Matt Skole is a human being who played as an infielder for the Washington Nationals.
The Rome Braves are a baseball team in the United States. They were founded in 2003. Their parent club is the Atlanta Braves.
The RMS Etruria is owned by Cunard Line and is made by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company. The ship's home port is Liverpool in the United Kingdom.
The band The Priscillas is a rock and pop band from London, United Kingdom. Their musical genre is power pop. The band is signed to the record label Damaged Goods.
South Luangwa National Park is in Zambia and was established in 1938. It is located in the Eastern Province, Zambia. The IUCN protected area category is II: National Park.
Sähkö Recordings is a record label in Finland founded by Tommi Gronlund in 1993. Puu is a subsidiary of Sähkö Recordings.
The BBC created the TV series Indian School which is a documentary film. The series originated from the United Kingdom and is available in English.
Fastlane is a punk rock band from Guildford, United Kingdom. The band was formed in 1997.
The McLaren Report, written in English by Richard McLaren, is about doping in Russian athletics and was published on July 18, 2016.
Great Gaddesden is a village and civil parish in Dacorum, United Kingdom. The same place is also known as Great Gaddesden.
Apple Inc. is the developer of the application software Schoolwork for iOS. The application is a learning management system that was released on June 26, 2018.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 19 June 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1819 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1821.
The Blue Ridge League is a baseball sports league in the United States. It was founded in 1915 and dissolved in 1931.
Linares Airport, serving the transport hub of Linares, is located in Linares Province, Chile. The airport is named after Linares, Chile.
Kangnam University, established in 1946, is located in Yongin, South Korea. The university is categorised as a "Kangnam University".
The neighbourhood of Beltline, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, was created in 1905. It is located on the border with Sunalta, Calgary.
The Springfield Celts Rugby Club is a rugby union sports team based in the United States. They were founded in 1975.
The Briarcliff Hotel is located in Atlanta, United States. Its architect was G. Lloyd Preacher and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blacksburg High School is in the Montgomery County Public Schools district, in Virginia, United States. The school was established in 1952.
Pravotice is a municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District, Slovakia. It was established in 1232.
Robin Stenuit was a member of the Wallonie Bruxelles club, whose career began in 2011 and ended in 2012. He also played for the Wallonie Bruxelles team from 2014 to 2016.
Andrey Pyshnik began his career in 1989 with FC Vitebsk and finished his career in 1990.
Daria Bijak, whose name is Daria, is a human being who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in artistic gymnastics. Daria Bijak is a German language speaker.
Howard Hanson is a Swedish American who has written in Swedish and English. His student was Ulysses Kay.
The Dirgantara Monument was created by Edhi Sunarso in 1966 and is located in Pancoran, South Jakarta, Indonesia.
The University of Glasgow School of Law is affiliated with the University of Glasgow and is located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Rony Talukdar, a human being, played for the Dhaka Division cricket team and the Barisal Division cricket team.
The Falls of St. Anthony is an oil paint on canvas painting depicting a waterfall. It is found in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum.
Belgrave Hall is a historic house museum in Leicester, United Kingdom. Its construction date is 1713 and its Queen Anne style architecture is still prevalent today.
The International Seabed Authority, which was founded in 1994, is an international organization interested in mineral exploration with its headquarters in Kingston, Jamaica.
Grand Island is a rock music band from Oslo, Norway. The band was formed in 2006.
WKFV is a radio station in Clinton, North Carolina, United States. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
The Montgomery County Courthouse in Iowa, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
Lend Me a Tenor is a comedy play written in English by Ken Ludwig. It was first performed on 6 March 1986.
The Cumberland Valley Rail Trail, a National Recreation Trail, is located in the U.S.A. and its terminus is Newville, Pennsylvania.
Hopewell High School (founded in 2001) is in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district in North Carolina, in the United States.
Tread Lightly is a nonprofit organization founded in 1985 in the United States by the US Forest Service. The headquarters of Tread Lightly are in Salt Lake City.
Bobby Knoop, who is known as Bobby, is a human being. He is a second baseman who played for the Chicago White Sox. He won the Rawlings Gold Glove Award.
The United States is the location of Ganado Airport, which is located in Arizona. The airport serves the transport hub of Ganado, Arizona.
Ming Cho Lee graduated from Occidental College in 1949 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theatre. He graduated from Occidental College in 1953 with a Master of Arts degree.
Owned by West Virginia Public Broadcasting, WVPW is a radio station in Buckhannon, West Virginia, United States.
Rideau Falls is a waterfall on the Rideau River in Ottawa, Canada.
The Middleton-Cross Plains School District is the school district of Middleton High School in Middleton, Wisconsin, United States. The school was established in 1879 and is the oldest high school in North America.
Cockroach Labs, a United States company founded by Spencer Kimball, is a member of the Linux Foundation. The company was founded in 2014 and is a business.
Leandro Augusto started his career in 1999 with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas. He finished his career in 2000.
The 2012 National Invitation Tournament, organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, was a basketball season.
The Arizona Department of Education is the state education agency in the state of Arizona, United States. The Department was created in 1970 and is located in Phoenix.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1906 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 23 December 2009. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1905 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1907.
The ship MS Mega Andrea was built by Wärtsilä in Italy. It is owned by the Finland Steamship Company and is based in Helsinki.
Volkswagen Passat (B4), a car model, is manufactured by the Volkswagen Group and is the successor to the Volkswagen Passat B3. It was succeeded by the Volkswagen Passat (B5).
Canajoharie Creek is a watercourse in New York, United States, that flows into the Mohawk River.
Notgrove, a civil parish in the Cotswold district of the United Kingdom, is a village that is spelled Notgrove.
Makada is a part of the Duke of York Islands, East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea. The island is found in the country.
The Banque Nationale Agricole is a banking company in Tunisia. The bank was founded in 1959 and offers banking and financial services.
The Northrop X-4 Bantam is a NASA operated aircraft model. It was first flown on 15 December 1948. It is manufactured by the Northrop Corporation.
Gary Fellows is a human being who played for Shropshire County Cricket Club and Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
The boy band Brown Eyed Soul is from South Korea and they were formed in 2003. Their musical genre is K-pop.
In 1961 the Albuquerque Public School district established Manzano High School in New Mexico, United States.
Greg Sandow, a human being, graduated from Yale University. He is a composer and is an employee at the Eastman School of Music.
Catherine Capdevielle, whose full name is Catherine Capdevielle, competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. Catherine Capdevielle is a human being who competed in the sport of athletics.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 264 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on 20 March 1969, and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 263 and United Nations Security Council Resolution 265.
Aaron Ogden was Governor of New Jersey from October 29, 1812 until October 29, 1813. He was succeeded by William Sanford Pennington. Ogden was Governor of New Jersey, succeeding Joseph Bloomfield.
Llandudno Junction FC was founded in 1975 in the United Kingdom. The club play in the Welsh Alliance League and play Association football.
The Emu Bay Railway was a business located in Melbourne, Australia. It was established in 1897 and dissolved in 1998.
MapleStory is a multiplayer video game with a computer keyboard. It is published by Shanda and Level Up Games. It is available via Steam.
The Little Chief Service Station was constructed between 1929 and 1931 in Saskatchewan, Canada. It was commissioned by Texaco.
Beaverton High School in Oregon, United States, was founded in 1902. The school is part of the Beaverton School District.
Josh Unice, who is known as Josh, is a human being who plays as a goaltender for the CBR Brave. He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks.
Chad Voytik was a quarterback who played for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team. He is known as Chad and is a human being. He was educated at Cleveland High School in Tennessee.
The Lyttelton Road Tunnel Administration Building is a New Zealand building in Heathcote Valley. It was designed by Peter Beaven and completed in 1963.
The Jerusalem Foundation is a non-profit organization in the United States. It was founded in 1966 by Teddy Kollek.
The John W. Weeks Bridge, which crosses the Charles River, is located in Massachusetts, United States. It was inaugurated in 1927.
Ron Lunn, whose given name is Ron, is a human being who uses the English language. He is a member of the Essendon Football Club.
Sam Hoare (rugby league, born 1991) wrote the screenplay for Having You, which was originally filmed in English. Romola Garai and Anna Friel star in the film, which originates from the United Kingdom.
The Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building was designed by the architects Wyatt & Nolting and is located in the city of Maryland, United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Collingwood railway station is adjacent to the North Richmond railway station, which is connected to the Mernda railway line. North Richmond railway station is also connected to Hurstbridge railway line. North Richmond railway station is also connected to the Flinders Street railway station.
Francis Howell Central High School (established in 1997) is a school in the Francis Howell School District in Cottleville, Missouri, United States.
The Euromast was designed by Hugh Maaskant in the style of Modern architecture. It is made of concrete and is owned by Jan-Dirk Paarlberg. The Euromast is a Rijksmonument.
Toguchinsky District was created in 1932 and is a municipal district in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia. Toguchin is the capital of Toguchinsky District.
BBMG is a business located in Beijing, China. The company was founded in 1996 and is traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Consolidated Contractors Company is a business located in Athens, Greece. It was founded by Hasib Sabbagh in 1952.
Aric Anderson, whose surname is Anderson, was a fullback in the Green Bay Packers football team. He graduated from Millikin University and is a human being.
The Emden Company was a Chartered company in Germany. It was founded in 1752 and dissolved in 1757.
ESIEE Management is a business school in Noisy-le-Grand, France. It was founded in 1995. ESIEE Management is not to be confused with the Institut Supra de Management et de Technologie.
Magnolia Pictures is the distributor of Tangerine, a Christmas film, which was filmed in Los Angeles. The film is in English.
Bradford Metropolitan District Council, which has its headquarters in Bradford, United Kingdom, is part of the English metropolitan district council.
The painting Metempsychosis was created by Yokoyama Taikan in 1923. It is in the National Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo.
The band Gutbucket, which is a rock and pop band, was formed in 1999 in New York City, United States. The band's genre is jazz.
Chavdar Yankov began his career in 2010 with FC Metalurh Donetsk. He played for the team until 2012. FC Metalurh Donetsk was acquired via a loan.
The North Eastern Province of Kenya is located in the country. Garissa is the capital of the North Eastern Province.
The parent organization of the airline Aviateca is the Synergy Group. The airline was founded in 1939 and its hub is La Aurora International Airport. The airline is located in Guatemala.
CG Puigcerda is an ice hockey team that was founded in 1972 in Spain. They play in the Liga Nacional de Hockey Hielo.
Voxhaul Broadcast, an Indie rock band from Los Angeles, United States, was formed in 2006.
Penrith Emus Rugby is a rugby union sports team in Australia that was founded in 1965.
The Kyoto International Conference Center is a convention center in Kyoto, Japan. It was designed by architect Sachio Otani and was completed in 1966.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 853 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on July 29, 1993. It is a sequel to United Nations Security Council Resolution 852 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 854.
The State Security Administration, a secret service, was established in 1946 in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The agency was succeeded by the OZNA and was disbanded in 1991.
Al Ahli Saida SC is an association football club based in Lebanon. They play in the Lebanese Second Division and their home ground is the Saida International Stadium.
Ivo Georgiev played for FC Aarau from 1996 to 1999 and 1998 to 2000.
P.F. Chang's China Bistro is a restaurant chain in the United States. The chain was founded by Paul Fleming in 1993. The company is owned by Centerbridge Partners.
The band The Boys were formed in London, United Kingdom in 1976. The band plays rock and pop music, and their genre is punk rock.
Ulf von Euler, who was married to Dagmar Cronstedt, was the son of Hans Von Euler-Chelpin and his mother was Astrid Cleve. He was a brother of Georg von Euler and his place of burial was Solna Cemetery.
London Waterloo station, which was opened on 11 July 1848 and is named after the Waterloo Bridge, is operated by Network Rail. It has both a Waterloo tube station and a Waterloo station.
The Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering in Maharashtra, India was established in 1994 and is affiliated to the University of Mumbai.
The Mythe Bridge is located in the Malvern Hills District, United Kingdom and it is a Grade II* listed building. It crosses the River Severn.
Eric Clayton is a member of the band Saviour Machine which was founded in 1989 in the United States. The band performs rock and pop music and their genre is gothic metal.
The Phuket United Futsal Club in Thailand was founded in 2006 and play in the Futsal Thai League. The club is an association football team.
Nvu is a free software HTML editor written in C++. It was created by Daniel Glazman and is released under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
The Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Company was founded in 1898 and is located in Dalian, China. The company is a shipyard.
MS Berge Istra, built by Uljanik, is a ship from Liberia. It was placed in service in 1972 and retired on 30 December 1975.
SU Dives-Cabourg (founded in 1929) is an association football club from France. The club plays in Championnat National 3.
The Ndau dialect is spoken in Mozambique. Swaziland is also spoken in the country. The language Yao is also used in Mozambique. The Zambezia Province is the administrative territory of Mozambique. The Gaza Province is also part of Mozambique.
Linda Hunt won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 56th Academy Awards for her role in The Year of Living Dangerously.
The Crags are a rock music band from Switzerland. They were formed in 2009.
Felony is a rock and pop band from Los Angeles, United States. They perform new wave music.
Japan National Route 306 is located in Hikone, Shiga and connects with Japan National Route 307 which is located in Taga, Shiga.
Persido Donggala is an association football club in the Liga Indonesia Third Division league. The home ground of Persido Donggala is the Gawalise Stadium. The club is located in the country of Indonesia.
The Life Theater in Manila, Philippines was designed by architect Pablo Antonio and was inaugurated in 1941.
The Bog Standard Gallery is a work of art in the United Kingdom created by Melanie Boda in 2007. The gallery is an installation art.
Adyghe State University in Maykop, Russia is an educational institution that was established in 1940.
The Blindern Rugbyklubb is a sports team from Norway which was founded in 2010. They play in the sport of rugby union.
The Lincoln Continental Mark VI is a car model that is manufactured by Ford Motor Company. It is succeeded by the Lincoln Continental Mark VII and has a petrol engine. It is preceded by the Lincoln Continental Mark V.
The Quartetto di Cremona, a string quartet whose genre is classical music, was founded in Genoa in 2000. They are signed to the Decca Records label.
Concerto Amsterdam is a classical music musical ensemble from the Netherlands founded by Jaap Schröder in 1960.
Alberto Bressan, who was born Alberto Bressan, won the Feltrinelli Prize and the Bôcher Memorial Prize. He was also awarded the Feltrinelli Prize. One of his doctoral students was Stefano Bianchini.
The National Center on Time and Learning is a nonprofit organization located in Boston, United States. The Center is focused on education.
Silver Sevens is a hotel and casino in Nevada, United States. It was constructed in 1975.
Red Serge is a Canadian TV series which began airing on CBC Television in 1986 and ended in 1987.
Mega Man Battle Network is a game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance. It is part of the Mega Man Battle Network series and is published by Capcom. The game is distributed via ROM cartridge.
Pochabany is a municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District, Slovakia. It was founded in 1329 and the earliest written record is 1329.
Hapoel Galil Elyon is a basketball team in Israel. The team was founded in 1978 and the head coach is Avishay Gordon.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 863 was a United Nations Security Council resolution which was legislated on September 13, 1993. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 862 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 864.
Beyond Time is an adventure video game published in 1997 in the United States for Microsoft Windows.
The Tokyo Metro 08 series is a Class 2 electric multiple unit locomotive manufactured by Nippon Sharyo. It is operated by the Teito Rapid Transit Authority and was in service on 7th January 2003.
Sonus Faber is a corporation that was founded in Arcugnano, in 1983 by Franco Serblin.
Plaistow tube station is located between West Ham station and Ealing Broadway station. The station is on the Hammersmith & City line and is connected to the District line. West Ham station is also connected to Hammersmith tube station (Circle and Hammersmith & City lines).
Yamate Tunnel, which is in Tokyo, Japan, is located in the country. The tunnel was opened on 22 December 2007 and carries the Central Circular Route (Shuto Expressway).
The United Kingdom is the origin of G:MT - Greenwich Mean Time. The English language film is set in London. Robbie Gee and Ben Waters are among the stars.
Walter Francis Layer, whose name is Walter, graduated from Widener University. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery. He was a human being.
North Community High School was established in 1888 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The school is part of the Minneapolis Public Schools.
The Attorney General of Idaho, United States is Lawrence Wasden.
Raul Khajimba started his career on 12 February 2005 and ended it on 28 May 2009. He was the Vice President of Abkhazia, where Alexander Ankvab was the successor to Valery Arshba.
Clive Peeters, a business located in Bayswater North, Victoria, Australia, was founded in 1973 and dissolved in 2011.
Electra Tower in Tel Aviv, Israel was designed by Moore Yaski Sivan Architects and was completed in 2011.
St. Paul is a town in Alberta, Canada. It was founded in 1896. Vilna is a neighbouring town.
Mossoro Airport, located in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil, serves the transport hub of Mossoro. Mossoro Airport is an aerodrome.
Rai Sport is a specialty channel that was launched in 1999. Owned by RAI, the TV station is operated in Italian.
Indira Parthasarathy is the author of Kuruthipunal, a book that was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award. The book is a novel from India.
The Mississippi Department of Transportation is the maintainer of Mississippi Highway 500 which began in 1960. The highway is part of the Mississippi State Highway System and has the terminus of Mississippi Highway 13 in Tuscola.
Ridgefield Memorial High School is located in Ridgefield, New Jersey in the United States. The school was established in 1957 and is part of the Ridgefield School District.
Gary J. Brink was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design at the 52nd Academy Awards for the film All That Jazz.
The Tunari National Park is located in the Ayopaya Province of Bolivia. It was created in 1992 and is an IUCN Category II National Park.
Born to Run ( Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ) was written by Josh Friedman and the TV series episode was broadcast on 10 April 2009. Written in English, the episode was directed by Jeffrey Hunt.
Tusitala is a miniseries which was directed by Don Sharp. It was first broadcast on 15 June 1986 on the ABC.
Jack Hoult is a human being, a rugby league player for the Castleford Tigers and a male rugby league player.
Birdville High School was established in 1999 and is located in Texas, United States. The school is part of the Birdville Independent School District.
Bathurst Harbour is in Tasmania, Australia. It is located in the state and has Old River as a tributary.
David Cay Johnston is a member of the Investigative Reporters and Editors. He is also known by the name David and is the author of The Making of Donald Trump. He speaks American English and was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting.
Urban Bank, a business founded in 1980 in Pasig, Makati, was dissolved in 2001.
The Spring Madness of Mr. Sermon is a novel written by R.F. Delderfield, published in 1963, that is set in Devon.
The Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge in Iowa, United States was established in 1989. The IUCN Category IV habitat/species management area is the Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge.
Wells Street is in Fitzrovia, City of Westminster, United Kingdom. It is a street that connects to Oxford Street.
Paradise Run is a television show in the United States. Its broadcast was started on 1 February 2016 and the show is presented by Daniella Monet. The original network of the show is Nickelodeon.
Luzair was an airline based in Portugal. It was founded in 1997 and its hub is Lisbon airport. Luzair dissolved in 2011.
Mitchell Langerak is a player for Australia's Melbourne Victory FC and Borussia Dortmund II. He was a participant at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The European Prize for Urban Public Space, awarded by the Centre de Cultura Contemporánia de Barcelona, is from Spain. It was created in 2000 and its director is Judit Carrera.
Skellington Productions, founded by Henry Selick, was a film studio that was located at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank. The studio was founded in 1992 and dissolved in 1996.
Microsoft is the parent organization of Tellme Networks which was founded in 1999 by Mike McCue and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
The film Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution was directed by David Oppenheim (clarinetist) and was released in 1967. The film is from the United States and is shown in English.
Sky Airlines, based in Turkey, was an airline that was founded in 2000. Its hub is Antalya Airport. Sky Airlines dissolved in 2013.
The Cardiff Bridge is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom. It is made of concrete.
The Greer House is in Virginia, in the United States. The house was designed in the Greek Revival style of architecture. The Greer House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Swan Princess Christmas is a Christmas film from the United States. It was produced by Crest Animation Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The original language of the film is English.
Guanabara Bay is located in Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil. The Meriti River is a tributary of the bay.
Daniel Taradash won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for From Here to Eternity at the 26th Academy Awards.
CHB Bank, whose headquarters are in Seoul, was a business that was dissolved on April 1, 2006. It was succeeded by the Shinhan Bank.
Abenteuer in Bamsdorf was a German language film which originates from East Germany. The director of the film is Günter Marczinkowsky and the film editor is Ilse Peters.
CAS Corporation is a public company that was founded in South Korea in 1983. Its main business is providing services related to food.
Schiphol Group, a fixed base operator in the Netherlands, was founded in 1920. It is a corporation headquartered in Schiphol Building.
The Goa Engineering College is located in Farmagudi, Goa, India. It was established in 1967 and it is affiliated with Goa University.
The privately held company Nyati Cement, which is in the cement industry, was founded in 2014 and has its headquarters in Kimbiji.
The Paradise Post is a newspaper published in Paradise, California, in the U.S.
Jabra is a consumer electronics company founded by Woody Norris in 1983, headquartered in Copenhagen. The business makes headsets.
1966 Coppa Italia Final was held at Stadio Olimpico. Giuseppe Marchioro scored the winning goal for ACF Fiorentina. US Catanzaro 1929 also participated in the final.
Deoria district is in Gorakhpur division of Uttar Pradesh, India. Its capital is Deoria and it is bordered by Kushinagar district.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is the lower house of the U.S state legislature in New Mexico, United States. The New Mexico House of Representatives headquarters are located in Santa Fe, New Mexico and a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives is a representative.
Abyss Lake is located in the United States in the administrative area of Alaska. The lake has an outflow called the Dundas River.
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a coming-of-age comedy-drama produced by Disney Television Animation in the United States. The original language of the film is English.
Newburgh Free Academy is a high school in Newburgh, New York, United States. The school was established in 1799 and is part of the Newburgh Enlarged City School District.
Hang Thun Hak was Prime Minister of Cambodia from 15 October 1972 to 6 May 1973. He was succeeded by In Tam. He was succeeded by Son Ngoc Thanh.
The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, which is commanded by Wolfgang Jilke, was created in 1974 and is located in the Golan Heights, in Syria.
Enshi Xujiaping Airport is located in Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, China. The airport serves Enshi Shi, a transport hub in Enshi City.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 690 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on April 29, 1991. This resolution followed United Nations Security Council Resolution 689 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 691.
The TV series Junior Paramedics was originally shown on BBC Three in the United Kingdom and is in English.
Imeem is a social networking service website founded in 2003 by Dalton Caldwell and located in San Francisco.
GMA Supershow is a Philippine TV series created by GMA Network. German Moreno stars in the series.
After the Quake, written in Japanese, was published in Japan by Alfred A. Knopf. It was also published by Shinchosha. The illustrator of the book is Noboru Kitawaki.
Roteflue is a mountain of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland, in the canton of Bern. Roteflue's parent peak is Schwarzhorn.
Team Love Records, founded by Nate Krenkel, is an independent record label located in New Paltz, New York, United States. The label was founded in 2003.
The Worthington Ridge Historic District is located in the state of Connecticut, United States. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The architectural style of the district is Georgian architecture.
The Holy Rosary Cathedral (named after the Rosary) is located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The cathedral is in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
Rocket Dog is a United States based backpack company that was founded in 1997 in Los Angeles.
The Brule River is located in Cook County, Minnesota, United States. The Brule River is a river that flows into Lake Superior.
The municipality of Hronsek in Banská Bystrica District, Slovakia was established in 1250.
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford was made in the United States by Ray June and Leopold Wharton. Burr McIntosh starred in the movie. Theodore Wharton and Leopold Wharton also produced the film.
The Beijing Film Academy, located in Beijing, China, was founded in 1950. The main category of the Beijing Film Academy is Beijing Film Academy.
The Geelong Tiger Snakes are a rugby league team in Australia. They were founded in 2004. They are competing in Rugby Union.
Vera Mackey is a female born in Limerick. She is the human name.
Freshii is a fast casual restaurant chain which was founded in 2005 in Toronto.
Quessant Island, part of the Louisiade Archipelago, is located in the Solomon Sea, Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Ice hockey game Pro Sport Hockey was developed by Tose and published by Jaleco. The game was released via ROM cartridge and is for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
The home ground of Felcra FC is the Shah Alam Stadium in Malaysia. The club is owned by FELCRA Berhad and play association football.
Burlington, Kansas is the transport hub for Coffey County Airport, in the United States. The airport was established on 3 January 1990.
Climax Group is a video game developer founded in the UK in 1988. They have their headquarters in Portsmouth.
Kathleen High School, which was established in 1928, is in Polk County, Florida, United States.
Marianna Ryzhkina was awarded the Merited Artist of the Russian Federation in 1989. She was born in Russia and began her career in human rights.
Ice hockey is one of the sports venues at Ljungby Arena in Ljungby Municipality, Sweden. The IF Troja/Ljungby ice hockey team are the occupants.
Kulture Yabra FC is a football club in the Belize Premier Football League. The club was founded in 1974 and has its home ground at the MCC Grounds.
William Reed (known as William) was a British colonial official who was Governor of North Carolina from 1712 to 1776. He spoke English, the native language, and was a human being.
Rosa Martinez, a female, lives in Barcelona. Martinez is a human being.
Janet Blair is a member of the California Republican Party. She is married to Lou Busch and is a human being.
The Keikyu 1000 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive. It is operated by Keikyu and was manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries. It was entered into service on 13 January 1960.
Dismissed is a reality television series that aired on MTV from 2001. It originated from the United States.
Appleby College, founded by Byron Edmund Walker in 1911, is a high school in Ontario, Canada.
The band Angletrax are a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. They were signed to the record label Hansa Records and their genre is punk rock.
Cranfield United FC is an association football club in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1903 and play in the Spartan South Midlands Football League.
The Deming Elementary School in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States was designed by Frederic Hutchinson Porter. The school building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Karobaar: The Business of Love is a romance film from India. The screenwriter of the film is Sachin Bhowmick and Juhi Chawla is a star. The film was originally released in Hindi.
The Geisel School of Medicine is located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States and is affiliated with Dartmouth College. It was founded by Nathan Smith, a physician.
Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D is a superhero film from the United States. The film was produced in English by Michael Herz and the film's location is New York City.
Catherine Corrigan, a human being, graduated from Michigan State University. She is the wife of Ben Bussey and works in the field of Meteoritics.
John I. Burton High School is located in Norton City Schools, Virginia, United States. It was created in 1953.
Ely City FC is an association football club in the Eastern Counties Football League. The club was founded in 1885 and play in the United Kingdom.
Expo 2008 was a World's Fair held in Zaragoza, Spain.
The Graham Star is a newspaper published in Robbinsville, North Carolina, in the United States.
The Municipality of WestLake-Gladstone, Manitoba, Canada, was created on January 1, 2015 and is a rural municipality. It is located in Manitoba. It was established after Gladstone, Manitoba, was merged with the Municipality of WestLake-Gladstone.
The Gamechangers is a documentary film that was produced by BBC Two in the UK. It was originally shown on BBC Two and was shown in English.
Grey Crag is a mountain in the Lake District, in Cumbria, in the United Kingdom. Tarn Crag (Far Eastern Fells) is the parent peak of Grey Crag.
The Bank of Albania is the central bank of Albania and was established on 2 September 1925. Its headquarters are in Tirana and its owner is Hotel Dajti.
The Ministry of Environment in Lithuania was established in 1998 and is located in Vilnius.
Neil Jordan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay at the 65th Academy Awards for The Crying Game.
Founded in 1887, the Kansas City Athletic Club is located in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. The club is in the business of athletics.
Naseerabad, Balochistan is the capital of Nasirabad District. Nasirabad District is located in Nasirabad Division, Pakistan.
Eaton Vance is a financial services company with its headquarters at Two International Place. The company was founded in 1924 and is traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
KZWY, a radio station in Sheridan, Wyoming, in the United States, was founded in 1980.
The headquarters of La Gazzetta dello Sport are located in Milan. The publication is published by RCS MediaGroup, Sonzogno and the Italian language is spoken. The founder of La Gazzetta dello Sport was Eugenio Camillo Costamagna.
Dublin, was the capital of the Irish Free State, which started on December 6th, 1922. The State ended on December 29th, 1937.
Big Daddy's BBQ Sauce is a food industry founded in 1998 in Yukon, Oklahoma, United States.
Lemon Angel Project, a musical drama anime television series from Japan, is a Japanese language production.
ASC Guemeul is an association football club in Mauritania. It was established in 2011 and play in the Ligue 1 Mauritania league.
The Yokohama Marathon is a sport of athletics competition in Japan. It was first held in 1981.
The Goyang Orion Orions is a basketball team in the Korean Basketball League which was founded in 1997 and is based in South Korea.
The Salters School of Chemistry was founded in 1993 by Samuel Porter, Baron Porter. It is located in the United Kingdom and is a member of Christ's Hospital.
The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation was established in 2001 in Tokyo, Japan. It is a university with the legal form of Agency Engaged in Administrative Execution.
FC Yelets is an association football club in Russia, founded in 1968. They play in the Russian Amateur Football League.
The Virgo Fidelis Convent Senior School (established 1 September 1997) is a Roman Catholic girls school located in Upper Norwood. The school is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Southwark.
Linha do Tua is a railway line in Portugal which was opened in 1887. It is owned by Infraestruturas de Portugal and has a terminus at Tua railway station.
The High Water Marks are an alternative rock band from the United States. The band is led by Mike Snowden and their record label is Happy Happy Birthday to Me Records.
The Liverpool City Council election was held in the United Kingdom in 1990. The election was held for the members of Liverpool City Council.
The Nagoya Municipal Subway 6000 series is made by Nippon Sharyo and is operated by the Transportation Bureau City of Nagoya. Its class is the electric multiple unit.
WPLR is a radio station in New Haven, Connecticut, in the United States. It was founded in 1944.
Spirou et Fantasio is a comic book album written by Andre Franquin.
The US Beveridge Award was established in 1939 and is given by the American Historical Association. It was named after Albert J. Beveridge.
The Machida Stadium was inaugurated in October 1990 and is located in Machida, Tokyo, Japan. The occupant of the stadium is FC Machida Zelvia.
The Machias River is located in Washington County, Maine, in the United States. Its mouth is Machias Bay and one of its tributaries is the East Machias River.
The Henry Ockershausen House is located in Iowa, United States. The house has Queen Anne style architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Clear Horizons Early College High School was established in 2007 in Houston, United States. The school is part of the Clear Creek Independent School District.
Julia Beljajeva, also known as Julia, was a competitor in the 2016 Summer Olympics. She is a human being who specialised in fencing and won the Estonian Young Athlete of the Year award.
West Bank Story won the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 79th Academy Awards. Ari Sandel was nominated for this award.
Geena Davis, who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 61st Academy Awards, was nominated for the film The Accidental Tourist.
The Mosley Music Group is a record label in the United States that was founded by Timbaland in 2006. The label is owned by Sony Music.
The Sampoong Department Store collapse occurred on 29 June 1995 in the Seocho district of South Korea. The building's occupant was the Sampoong Department Store and the collapse was a structural failure.
The University of Sharjah in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates was established in 1997.
Ebenezer Watts House is a historic house in New York State, in the United States. The house is in the Renaissance Revival architectural style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Julian Wright is a human being who played basketball for the University of Kansas in the United States. He was drafted by the New Orleans Pelicans in the draft class of men's basketball.
Thatched Cottages and Houses, made of oil paint, is in the Hermitage Museum. It is owned by Ivan Morozov (businessman).
Lincoln Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. The city was founded in 1925 and is located on the border with Detroit.
The Polish Athletic Association (Poland) (founded 1919) is the sports governing body for the sport of athletics in Poland.
Uzovce is a municipality of Slovakia in Sabinov District. It was founded in 1280.
Chinnor RFC, a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, was founded in 1962.
The 1938 Saskatchewan general election was held in Saskatchewan, Canada. The election was won by William John Patterson.
Independiente de La Rioja is an association football club in Argentina. They were founded in 1924 and play in the Torneo Argentino C league.
The Fiat 241, manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, is a car model which succeeded the Fiat 615 and was followed by the Fiat 242.
CRI Middleware, a video game industry company, was founded in Tokyo, Japan in 1983.
The Congress for Cultural Freedom was founded in 1950 in Paris. The organization was disbanded in 1969.
The SNCAO 200 is a fighter monoplane with a 1 engine. It was manufactured by SNCAO in France and first flew on 31 January 1939.
Guild Software is a video game developer headquartered in Milwaukee, in the United States. The company was founded in 1998.
The film Yaaran Da Katchup originates from India and was released in 2014. The Punjabi language is the original language of the film, which stars Jaswinder Bhalla.
The Georgetown Historic District is located in Georgetown, Ohio, United States. The district is in the Greek Revival style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Isadora Pompeo was born in Brazil on 30 May 1999. She is a singer, human and female.
Hendry Thomas is a member of the Honduras national football team and played at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Hendry Thomas plays in the Premier League and has represented the club CD Olimpia. Hendry Thomas is a human being.
Gord Wappel is a human being who plays for the Calgary Flames and the National Hockey League. He is a defenceman.
Levadia Municipal Stadium in Greece was opened in 1952. Levadiakos FC are the occupants.
Lavon Lake is a reservoir in Texas, in the U.S. Lavon Dam is the dam that forms Lavon Lake.
Big Time Attic, a United States company founded by Shadi Petosky, is located in Minneapolis. The company was founded in 2004.
Namibia Commercial Aviation (founded in 1992) is an airline headquartered in Windhoek, Namibia. Its hub airport is Eros Airport.
The Perrine's Bridge is a covered bridge that crosses the Wallkill River in New York, United States. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Bancroft Trust Building, designed by Fuller & Delano, is located in Massachusetts, in the United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
FC Inhulets-2 Petrove is an association football club in the Ukrainian Second League that was created in 2014 and plays in the country of Ukraine.
Gennaro Gattuso was a coach of A.C. Pisa 1909, which began play on 20 August 2015 and ended on 31 July 2016. Gennaro Gattuso retired on 30 June 2017.
Juan Francisco Reyes was the Vice President of Guatemala from 14 January 2000 to 14 January 2004. Juan Francisco Reyes was succeeded by Luis Alberto Flores Asturias. Reyes was succeeded by Eduardo Stein.
Long Beach High School is located in New York, New York, United States. The school was established in 1971 and is part of the Long Beach City School District.
The National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan, chaired by Karim Massimov, was established in 1992. It is a government agency located in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan.
The Jenny Lake Lodge is located in Teton County, Wyoming, United States. The name of the lodge is Jenny Lake, a lake in North America.
Siltcoos Lake is located in Lane County, Oregon, United States. The Siltcoos River is the outflow of the lake.
South Kirkby Wednesday FC is an association football club based in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1905 and play in the South Kirkby Football League.
The company Bisichi Mining was founded in 1910 and is located in London. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Russell Barry served as Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham, starting in 1941 and ending in 1964. He was succeeded by Henry Mosley and was succeeded by Gordon Savage.
Hidden Falls is a waterfall located in Hanging Rock State Park in North Carolina, United States.
Chris Watson served as Prime Minister of Australia from 27 April 1904 to 18 August 1904. He was preceded by Alfred Deakin and was succeeded by George Reid.
MidFlorida Credit Union, a financial services business, was founded in 1954. It is located in Lakeland, Florida, United States.
The Tolstoy Foundation is a charitable organization in the United States founded in 1939 by Alexandra Tolstaya. The foundation has its headquarters in Valley Cottage, New York.
Romance is a musical composition for guitar by the band My Chemical Romance. The guitar piece is from Spain.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zanzibar governs St. Joseph's Cathedral in Zanzibar City, Tanzania.
Golden Words, a student publication published in broadsheet format, is owned by Queen's Engineering Society in Canada. It was created in 1967.
AS Ariana is an association football club in Tunisia. The club was founded in 1938 and play in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Smoky Mountain High School was established in 1988 in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States.
The Brunswick River is located in North Carolina, in the United States. It is a tributary of the Cape Fear River.
The Boys Union Club is a football club that was founded in 1952. They play in the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League and their home ground is the Dasarath Rangasala Stadium.
The Italian language film Quelli che soffrono per voi was made in Italy in 1951. It was directed by Alessandro Blasetti.
Manchester Township High School, which was established in 1974, is located in Manchester Township, New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Manchester Township School District.
Apopka High School in Florida, United States is part of the Orange County Public Schools. The school was established in 1931 and is considered to be a high school in North America.
Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company is a transport company in Australia. The company was founded January 20, 1853 and has its headquarters in Melbourne.
Nottingham High School is in the Hamilton Township School District in New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Colonial Valley Conference.
Toba Castle, located in Ise-Shima National Park, is owned by Kuki Yoshitaka. It is located in Toba, Toba, Japan.
The Hamilton Building is a commercial building in Portland, Oregon, United States. It was designed by Whidden & Lewis and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jose Sanfilippo was a member of the San Lorenzo de Almagro football team and also played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was also a human being and was a participant in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.
WKIO is a radio station in the United States which was established in 1991 and broadcasts to Arcola, Illinois.
Spence Tatchell is a defenceman in the National Hockey League. He played for New York Rangers and New York Rovers. Spence Tatchell is also a human.
Yle Radio Suomi (Finnish:Yle Radio Suomi) is a radio station in Finland. The station was formerly owned by YleQ and the language used there is Finnish.
David Crawford House is a historic house in New York state, United States. It is in the neoclassical architectural style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The United States is the location of Marion County Airport in Georgia. The airport was established in 1975 and serves Buena Vista, Georgia.
StealthNet, which was created in 2007, is free software, written in C Sharp and is available for Microsoft Windows. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Hamilton Southeastern High School is located in Indiana in the United States. The school was established in 1964 and is part of the Hamilton Southeastern Schools district.
Tyler Shattock, who is known as Tyler, is a winger who played for the St. Louis Blues and the Kalamazoo Wings.
Daniela Baumer competed in the canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women's K-4 500 metres. Daniela Baumer is a human being.
The Slovenian Futsal League is a sports league in Slovenia. It was created in 1984. Its main sport is association football and the league's season starts in autumn.
The Brooks Building is made of steel and is orange in colour. It was designed by William Holabird and Martin Roche in the Chicago School architectural style.
The Packard 180 is a car model manufactured by Packard. It is the sequel to the Packard Twelve and was succeeded by the Packard Clipper.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreon was established on 19 June 1957 in Torreon, Mexico. Its headquarters are located in Torreon and it shares borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gozo Palacio.
Capellen is a canton of Luxembourg, in the Arrondissement of Arlon. Capellen (capital: Capellen) is in the country.
Lambley Viaduct is a bridge which crosses the River Tyne in Northumberland, UK. It is a Grade II* listed building.
William Gibson is the author of The Difference Engine, a steampunk novel that is published by Victor Gollancz Ltd. The Difference Engine was written in London, United States.
Lydia Ludic Burundi Academic FC is an association football club based in Burundi. Lydia Ludic Burundi Academic FC play in the Burundi Premier League and their home ground is Prince Louis Rwagasore Stadium.
North Marston is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of the United Kingdom.
Brumunddal is an urban settlement in Ringsaker, Norway. It is the administrative centre of Ringsaker and the statistical area is defined by Statistics Norway.
Tricky Business, a British TV series, is a series from the United Kingdom, created by Forrest Wilson. Paul Zenon is one of the stars of the series, which was broadcast by CBBC.
Robertson Davies won the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction in 1971 and 1972 for The Manticore.
Het Nieuwsblad is a tabloid newspaper that has Dutch as its main language. It was founded in 1932 and is owned by Mediahuis.
The Koga Cycling Team, based in the Netherlands, was founded in 1999 and competed in road bicycle racing. The team dissolved in 2014.
UZO, a mobile phone company founded in 2005, is located in Lisbon, Portugal.
John C. Calhoun was Vice President of the United States from 4 March 1825 until 28 December 1832. He was succeeded by Daniel D Tompkins and was succeeded by Martin Van Buren.
The headquarters of Anda Air are in Kiev, Ukraine. The airline was established in 2015 and its hub is Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany).
Tahar Rahim won the European Film Award for Best Actor in 2009 for his role in A Prophet.
English speaking Growing Pains is a BBC TV series which was originally broadcast on BBC One. The series was written by Nigel Hess and originated in the United Kingdom.
The Friends of the Natural History Museum Paris is a voluntary association founded in France in 1907 by Edmond Perrier. The Association was created under the French Law of 1901.
Shiraishi Island is located in the Seto Inland Sea, Kasaoka, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Leander High School is located in Texas, United States. It was established in 1984 and is part of the Leander Independent School District.
The Wolseley 15/60 is a car model manufactured by the British Motor Corporation. It is a successor to the Wolseley 15/50 and was followed by the BMC ADO17.
Coulter Brook is a river in Delaware County, New York, in the United States. The Little Delaware River is its mouth.
Persikota Tidore is an association football club in Indonesia. The club was founded in 1958 and play in Liga 2.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 492, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on 10 November 1981. It was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 491, and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 493.
WHRB, a radio station in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, was founded in 1957.
The Beat Room is a BBC Two television show which began on July 6, 1964 and ended on January 29, 1965.
London, Ohio is located in the United States. It was founded in 1810 and is the capital of Madison County, Ohio.
The South African Class 61-000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive class with a wheel arrangement of B-B. It is operated by Transnet Freight Rail and manufactured by Henschel & Son.
Cogenhoe United Football Club was founded in 1967 in the United Kingdom. They play association football in the United Counties League.
The SkyRise Miami is a skyscraper located in Miami, United States. It was designed by Arquitectonica and its official opening date was on 2018.
John Truscott was the winner of the Academy Award for Best Costume Design for the film Camelot. The film was nominated for the award at the 40th Academy Awards.
The Aston Martin One-77 is a supercar manufactured by Aston Martin. It is a follow-up to the Aston Martin DB AR1.
Huggate is a village and civil parish in East Riding of Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
The Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School was founded in 1949 by Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung I, in New Delhi, India.
The Clarion River is a river in Pennsylvania, in the United States. It flows into the Allegheny River and Mill Creek (a tributary of the Clarion River) is a tributary of the Clarion River.
Yorkend Lake is in Haliburton County, Ontario, Canada. The lake's outflow is the York River.
WAVS is a radio station in Davie, Florida, United States. It was founded in 1969.
Yao Bin is a human figure skater who competed in pair skating at the 1984 Winter Olympics. Yao Bin is a competitor in figure skating with Luan Bo.
Rabbit Semiconductor is a company in the United States. They were founded in 1983 and are located in Davis, California. Their main business is making electronic components.
The Schell Creek Range is a mountain range in the Basin and Range Province of Nevada, United States. The highest point in the range is North Schell Peak.
The parent organization of Aeroperlas, an airline in Panama, is AMR Corporation. The airline was founded in 1970. Aeroperlas's hub is Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport.
Karate for Life, a Japanese language film, was filmed in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. It was distributed by Toei Company and starred Sonny Chiba.
The Zeya Nature Reserve (established October 3, 1963) is a Protected area of Russia and is a strict nature reserve.
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey is the sequel to The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma. It is written in English and published by Little, Brown and Company.
WOIR is a radio station in Homestead, Florida, United States. It was founded in 1985.
WMYI is a radio station in Hendersonville, North Carolina, United States. It is owned by iHeartMedia.
The Cognac producer Delamain was founded in France in 1763 by James Delamain. The organization's headquarters are located in Jarnac.
Cuverville Island is located in the Southern Ocean, in the Antarctic Treaty area, in Antarctica. It is claimed by Argentina.
The film Feud of the Trail was originally released in the U.S. in 1937. The film is in English and stars Tom Tyler.
Southease is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of the South Downs National Park in the United Kingdom.
The 1897 Chicago mayoral election was held on 6 April 1897 in Chicago, United States. The election was contested by the Mayor of Chicago.
The Count Bishops are a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom. They are signed to the record label Chiswick Records.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1217 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 22 December 1998. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1216 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1218.
Silverwood Lake is located in California, United States. The California Aqueduct is an inflow to the lake.
The Grafton Post Office is located in Grafton, North Dakota, in the United States. It was designed by James A. Wetmore and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John H Guyer High School is located in Denton, Texas, in the United States. The school was established in 2005 and is part of the Denton Independent School District.
Levanger Station is located on the Nordland Line and was designed by Paul Due. It was opened in 1902 and has an Art Nouveau style architecture. It is located in Norway and is a heritage site.
Pixomondo is in Frankfurt, Germany. The company was founded in 2001 and has a legal form of GmbH & Co. KG.
The Melville Walker House, in the architectural style of Italianate architecture, is located in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States. The house is part of the Kennebunkport Historic District.
Bershka, a joint-stock company in the retail industry, was founded in Arteixo. Inditex is the parent organization of Bershka.
Indian Handcrafts is a rock and pop band from Barrie. They were formed in 2010 and are signed to the record label Sargent House. They play speed metal music.
Abel Ferreira is the head coach of PAOK FC, whose home ground is Toumba Stadium. The club competes in the Super League of Greece, and is a team that plays volleyball. The official color of PAOK FC is black.
Toutant Airport, which was established in 1971, is located in Putnam, Connecticut, United States.
Ting Hsin International Group is the owner of Wei-Chuan Food Corporation, a food business founded in 1972 by Huang Leih-ho in Taipei.
Boyle Park is located in the U.S. in the city of Arkansas. It was designed by the Civilian Conservation Corps and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A Course of Modern Analysis was written by E.T. Whittaker and published in 1902. The book is about the subject of Math. It is published by Cambridge University Press.
Borassus madagascariensis is a threatened species of Borassus, endemic to Madagascar. Its basionym is Borassus flabellifer var. madagascariensis.
The New South Wales 45 class is a diesel-electric locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways. Its manufacturer is A.E. Goodwin, and it has a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Jonathan Kemp is the name of a human being who lives in Ipswich. He is married to Jaclyn Hawkes and his surname is Kemp.
The main category for rugby union in the Solomon Islands is Rugby Union. The sport is played in the Solomon Islands.
Cedar Falls Post Office is located in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States. Cedar Falls Post Office is a government building and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Calvin Klein, a New York City based company, is a maker of clothing and perfume. Calvin Klein is a parent company to PVH.
Tulemalu Lake is located in Nunavut, Canada. It is a lake that is fed by Kunwak River.
FCA Poland is a joint-stock company in Poland. The company was founded in 1992.
The Vienna Philharmonic coin is a round gold coin, made of gold and created by Thomas Pesendorfer. The coin is from Austria.
Andrew Crummy, whose real name is Andrew, is a human being. He was educated at Portobello High School and Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design. Andrew Crummy holds a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Mitsuo Fujikura was born in Japan. He competed in the mixed martial arts and his sport is human. He is a man.
The Carroll Street Bridge, a retractable bridge, is located in New York City, United States. It carries Carroll Street over the Gowanus Canal.
Young Empires is a rock and pop band from Toronto, Canada. The band was formed in 2009. Their musical genre is worldbeat.
The Renault Vivasix is a car model manufactured by Renault. It is a follow up to the Renault Type PG and was followed by the Renault Vivastella.
The Farnese Hours is an illuminated manuscript book of hours, created by Giulio Clovio and published in 1537. It is in the collection of the Morgan Library & Museum.
The town of Paarl was established in 1657 and is located in Drakenstein Local Municipality, South Africa.
The Division Street Bridge is a road bridge in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, United States. It is located over the Seekonk River and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Redlin Art Center is located in Watertown, South Dakota, United States. It was established on June 6, 1997. It is an art museum that Terry Redlin is a part of.
The politician Mahabir Singh Rana, a member of the Indian National Congress, was born in Saharanpur district. His occupation is human.
White Haven is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1842 and was the location of the first settlement.
Euphorbia is a rock and pop band from Brazil that was formed in 2005. Their genre is Electronic body music.
The Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey is a sports league in Quebec, Canada. It was created in 1996 and it is a professional ice hockey league.
The Review of Economics and Statistics is a scientific journal that was established in 1917. It is published by MIT Press and is edited by Philippe Aghion. The journal is published in English.
The Ybor Factory Building, designed by architect C.E. Parcell, is located in Florida, United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oberliga Westfalen is an association football league in Germany which was created in 1978. It is a league level above Regionalliga Nord.
Rugby Club Savoie Rumilly is a rugby union team from France. It was founded in 1911.
Charles Manthorpe, born Charles Manthorpe (31 March 1836 - 6 December 1898) was a human being.
Santa Terezinha, Pernambuco, Brazil is part of the municipality of Pernambuco. It was established in 1963 and is located in the state of Pernambuco. Tabira, Pernambuco is a neighbouring city.
Blessing Liman was born on 13 March 1984 in Zangon Kataf. She is an aircraft pilot and human being.
The Patna-Gaya line, which is owned by the Indian Railways, is a railway line in India. The line was opened in 1900. The line has a terminus at Patna Junction railway station.
The Turkish language is used in Sivas Province, which is a bordered province with Kayseri Province. The language used in Sivas is Kirmanjki. The Sivas Province has Ulaş as its administrative territory.
Trinity High School was founded in 1968 and is located in Euless, Texas in the United States. The school is part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District.
Runciman railway station, in New Zealand, was opened on 28 July 1879 and closed on 8 December 1918. The station serves as a train station and is on the North Island Main Trunk.
The Downey Building in Illinois, United States is a commercial building with the architectural style of Renaissance Revival. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
ToonBox Entertainment is a computer animation company founded in 2008 in Toronto.
Plattsmouth is the county seat and the capital of Cass County, Nebraska, in the United States.
WOLR is a radio station in Lake City, Florida, United States. The station was founded in 1977.
Out of Oz is a speculative fiction novel written in the Land of Oz, published by William Morrow and Company. It is the sequel to A Lion Among Men and is part of the Wicked Years series.
Bar 7 is a hard rock band from the United States. Its members are Jeff Keith and it is located in California.
The skyscraper Abraj Al Lulu, designed by Ja'afar Tuqan, is located in Manama, Bahrain. It was opened in March 2009.
The United States company Bache & Co. was founded in 1879 by Jules Bache. The company's headquarters are located in New York City.
The Royal Danish Playhouse is a theater in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark. It was designed by the architects Lundgaard & Tranberg and opened in 2008.
Ola High School in the Henry County School District was established in 2006. It is located in the state of Georgia, United States.
Once Upon a Mirage is a 1982 Hong Kong film, written in Cantonese by Lilian Lee.
Nitro Records is a record label located in San Francisco, United States. The label was founded in 1995 by Dexter Holland.
Ordu is a city in Turkey, the capital of which is Ordu Province. Marmaris is a twinned administrative body of Ordu.
Blue Island, Illinois is located in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The city was created in 1836 and is located on the border with Alsip, Illinois.
The film Fados was made in Spain (with Miguel Poveda as a character), Portugal. The director of photography was Eduardo Serra and the cast included Chico Buarque.
The Pacific Grade Summit is located in the Sierra Nevada range in Alpine County, California, United States. The pass is a mountain pass that carries California State Route 4.
The Spencer Street Bridge is located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It crosses the Yarra River.
Golda Meir resides in Kiev, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire. She started her residence there in 1898 and ended it in 1903.
The band Team Facelift is a hip hop band formed in New York City, United States in 2004.
CJMS is a French speaking radio station in Quebec, Canada which was established in 1999.
KBCR-FM is a radio station in Steamboat Springs, Colorado, United States. The station was founded in 1974.
Blyford is a civil parish in the Waveney District of the United Kingdom. The village is also known as Blyford.
Slobozia is one of the communes of Romania, in Giurgiu County, its capital is Slobozia and it contains the settlement of Slobozia.
The Hamilton Waterworks is a Victorian pumping station in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
Battle of Radzymin took place on 25 April 1809 in Radzymin, Poland, when the Duchy of Warsaw took part in the battle. The battle was part of the Austro-Polish War.
Exmortus is a rock and pop band from California, United States. Their musical genre is Thrash metal and they are signed to Prosthetic Records.
Ingram Micro, a company based in Irvine, California, was founded in 1979. The company is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. Ingram Micro's parent organization is HNA Technology.
Dekaney High School, a high school in the Spring Independent School District, was established in 2007. It is located in Texas, United States.
Gmina Leszno is a rural municipality in Warsaw West County, Poland. It is located east of Gmina Kampinos.
Lenartov, which was founded in 1427, is a municipality in Bardejov District, in Slovakia.
CATIA, which was created in 1977 by Dassault Systèmes, uses C++ as its programming language. The software is a computer-aided design software with a proprietary license.
Hi Suhyun, a K-pop duo, was formed in 2014 in Seoul. They are signed to YG Entertainment.
The headquarters of Proflight Zambia are in Lusaka, Zambia. The airline was founded in 1991. The hub of the airline is Kenneth Kaunda International Airport.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1357 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was released on 21 June 2001. This resolution was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1356 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1358.
Thaicom, a business in Thailand, was founded in 1991 by Thaksin Shinawatra. Thaicom is headquartered in Nonthaburi Province.
Castelbelforte is a comune in the Province of Mantua, Italy. Its capital is Castelbelforte, and its borders are Trevenzuolo.
Union Station (Toronto) is adjacent to Bloor GO Station, which is on the Union Pearson Express line. Bloor GO Station is located on the Kitchener line, and is located towards Toronto Pearson Terminal 1 station.
Delia Mathews, a woman born in New Zealand in 1990, is a ballet dancer and human.
Lasher is part of the Lives of the Mayfair Witches trilogy and written in English. It was published by Alfred A. Knopf. The book has a cover art by Chip Kidd.
The Carnegie Hall Tower is a skyscraper in Manhattan, United States. It was designed by César Pelli and completed in 1991.
Florin Iordache was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania from 13 June 2016 to 20 December 2016. He was succeeded by Liviu Dragnea and he was succeeded by Valeriu Zgonea.
McGuireWoods is a United States law firm with its headquarters in Richmond, Virginia. The firm was founded in 1834 and has a limited liability partnership.
Gurleyville Historic District is located in Connecticut, United States and is in the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lebanon High School in Oregon, United States is part of the Lebanon Community Schools school district. The school was founded in 1909 and is the oldest high school in North America.
Laetitia Casta was awarded the Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres award and the Marianne award. Laetitia Casta speaks French, her national language, and is human.
Fantom Warior is a rock and pop band that originated in 1984 in Union Township, Union County, New Jersey, United States. Their musical genre is thrash metal.
The Hampden County Courthouse in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States was designed by Henry Hobson Richardson. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Firemonkeys Studios is a video game developer that was founded in 1999 and is owned by Electronic Arts. The company is headquartered in Melbourne.
The Silja Serenade is owned by the Silja Line and its home port is Mariehamn. The ship was built by STX Finland.
Tashtun is located in Syunik Province, Armenia. It is a village in Armenia. The official language is Armenian. The village is located at the border with Lichk, Syunik.
Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan was filmed in Hong Kong and is distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio. The original language of the film is Mandarin Chinese and Corey Yuen is one of the stars. The film was produced by Runme Shaw.
The Settlers Online is a computer mouse and computer keyboard based browser game developed by Ubisoft Blue Byte.
Buffalo Woman Lake is in Glacier National Park, Flathead County, Montana, in the U.S.
The Regenkreis (named after the Regen River) is located in the state of Bavaria. Its capital is Straubing and it borders the Isarkreis and the Mainkreis (Bavaria).
The Point of Fork Plantation is located in Virginia, United States. The plantation has the architectural style of Greek Revival and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oroville is in Butte County, California, in the United States. The city was founded on 3 January 1906 and has a memorial park cemetery.
The Bhutanese ngultrum is the currency in Bhutan. It was introduced in 1974 and replaced the Bhutanese rupee.
The 1973 New York state election was held in the state of New York in the United States. The election was held for a member of the New York State Assembly.
The United States is the origin of Low Down. The film was produced by Albert Berger. English is the language of the film. The director of photography for Low Down was Christopher Blauvelt. The film is distributed by Universal Pictures.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 105 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on July 28, 1954. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 104 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 106.
Kayseri Subregion, with Yozgat Province, is located in Turkey. It is part of the Central Anatolia region and is also a statistical subregion.
The novel The Grave was written by James Heneghan and was published in 2000. The novel is about a fictional Liverpool.
Ipchains is a free software written in C and is operated on Linux. It was created by Rusty Russell and is released under the GNU General Public License.
The Silas Williams House, in the Queen Anne style, is located in Illinois, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Seoul Broadcasting System, a joint-stock company, is the owner of SBS TV. Its parent organization is SBS Media Holdings. SBS A&T is a subsidiary of Seoul Broadcasting System and it is listed on the Korea Exchange.
Blyth Terrace is a historic building in New South Wales, Australia. It is currently used as a dwelling and is listed in the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
KSLT, a radio station in Spearfish, South Dakota, United States, was founded in 1984.
The Tolerance is an aluminium sculpture in Houston, United States, created by Jaume Plensa.
Love at First Fight is a Standard Chinese TV show from China which stars Wallace Huo and George Hu.
The United States is the location of the Brooks Seaplane Base which was established on January 5th 1947. The airport is located in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
The Postal Savings Bank of China was founded in 2007 and is based in Xicheng District, China. Its main business is banking and it is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Philippe Noiret won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for the 1991 film Cinema Paradiso.
Buffalo Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River in Brooke County, West Virginia, in the United States. The Ohio River is the drainage basin of Buffalo Creek.
Michael Deeley won the Academy Award for Best Picture for The Deer Hunter at the 51st Academy Awards.
The musical The Rink was created by Kander and Ebb. The music was written by John Kander, the lyrics were written by Fred Ebb, the book was written by Terrence McNally.
The Solar T62 is an aircraft engine made by Solar Turbines in the United States.
Selayar Island is in the Flores Sea, part of Selayar Islands Regency, South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Mount Pleasant High School was established in 1830 and is located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States. The school is part of the Brandywine School District.
The Round Mountain Gold Mine, owned by Kinross Gold, is located in the state of Nevada in the United States. The mine produces gold.
Alethia Tanner (born 1785 in Baden, Maryland) is a woman who was a human being.
C Spire is a mobile phone company in the United States that was founded in 1988. The company is located in Ridgeland, Mississippi and is in the business of making mobile phones.
Cressage is a village and civil parish, located in Shropshire, United Kingdom, next to the River Severn.
The U.S. state of North Carolina is the location of Interstate 73, which is a road. The route was created in 1997 and is part of the Interstate Highway System.
English is the language of the film Feeling Minnesota which was made in the United States. The film's director was Walt Lloyd, and its stars include Courtney Love.
Aniyaa is a film from the Maldives which was released in 2014. The film was directed by Ahmed Nimal.
Google Answers is a knowledge market owned by Google that was launched in 2002. It was dissolved in 2006 and replaced by Google Questions and Answers.
Khiladi 420 is an action film from India. The film's original language is Hindi. The producer of the film is Keshu Ramsay and the film is set in Canada.
Founded in 1953, Nippon Cable is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. The company's main business is the manufacture of telecommunications cables.
The Kilbourn Bridge, designed by the Iowa Department of Transportation, is located in Iowa, United States. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Henry Art Gallery is an art museum in Seattle, Washington, United States. It was founded by Horace Chapin Henry in 1927.
Synapse Gaming, a video game company, was founded in 2003 and is located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ice River Springs, a company in the drink industry, was founded in 1995 in Shelburne, Ontario.
OpenPlans is a nonprofit organization founded by Mark Gorton. It is located in New York City, United States.
The Trials of Ted Haggard is a 2009 documentary film from the United States, directed by Alexandra Pelosi.
Sharda University in Uttar Pradesh, India was established in 2009. The university is affiliated to the University Grants Commission.
The Barlow River, which has North Barlow River as a tributary, is a river in West Coast, New Zealand. It flows into the Perth River.
Principles of Economics, written by Alfred Marshall, is a non-fiction book published in 1890. The book is the main subject of Economics.
Bradford Downtown Historic District is located in the city of Bradford, Pennsylvania, United States. The district is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has the architectural style known as Renaissance Revival.
The TV series Asian Idol was produced by Fremantle and broadcast on RCTI. It began on December 15, 2007 and ended on December 16, 2007.
LRAD Corporation is a business founded by Woody Norris in 1980, and located in San Diego, California, in the United States.
The Creative Arts Morgan Village Academy is a high school in Camden, New Jersey, United States, which was established in 1994. The school is part of the Camden City School District.
Ningineer Stadium, in Matsuyama, Japan, was opened in 1979. The occupants are Ehime FC.
The Sanderson House at 301 Scottholm Boulevard in Syracuse, New York, United States was designed by Ward Wellington Ward. It is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Benjamin Disraeli, who wrote in English, was Chancellor of the Exchequer, a Member of parliament in the 20th Parliament and the 16th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was also known as The Right Honourable.
Soldak Entertainment is a video game industry company founded on November 22, 2004 in the United States.
British and Commonwealth Holdings is a financial services company that was founded in 1955. It was headquartered in London. The company was dissolved in 1990.
Neo Solar Power is a joint-stock company that was created in 2005 and is located in Hsinchu.
St. Raymond High School for Boys was founded by John Corrigan in 1960. It is located in the New York state of the United States.
Jupiter Rising is a rock and pop band from California that was formed in 2005. The band's genre is dance-rock. The band is from the United States.
The Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was designed by R Brognard Okie and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A Farmer's Year, written by H Rider Haggard, is a book published in 1899 in the United Kingdom. The book is in the public domain.
The band Raging Speedhorn, from Corby, United Kingdom, is a rock and pop band that performs heavy metal music. The band was founded in 1998.
Berkswell is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, United Kingdom. Berkswell is the same village as Berkswell.
The Arnold Palmer Regional Airport in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, United States, was established on January 4, 1938.
Jerry Moran graduated from the University of Kansas with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1976. He received a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Kansas School of Law and finished his studies in 1981.
The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch is a television show from the United States which was broadcast on CNBC from July 25, 2004 to December 5, 2008.
Iczer Reborn is a Mecha anime and manga original video animation. It was produced in Japan by the Anime International Company. The work is written in Japanese.
KMGV is a radio station in Fresno, California, United States. The station is owned by Cumulus Media.
Kentisbeare is a village in Mid Devon, in the United Kingdom. It is also known as Kentisbeare. Kentisbeare is a civil parish in the UK.
Stuart W. Cramer High School, in the United States, is part of the Gaston County Schools District. The school was established in 2013 and is named after Stuart W. Cramer.
Honda S2000 is a car model manufactured by Honda and is a competitor in auto racing. It is the successor to the Honda S800.
The Dolliver Memorial State Park in Iowa, United States, was designed by the Central Design Office, Ames. It was created in 1925.
Michele Novaro is the composer of the RAI theme music, which is Il Canto degli Italiani. The program began on 28 January 1986 and ended on 15 June 2012.
The Najiehe Railway Bridge is located in Guizhou, China. It is a bridge that crosses the Wu River (Yangtze tributary) and was opened in 2016.
The novel Moon Palace, written in American English, is published by Viking Press. It is the sequel to In the Country of Last Things and is set in New York City. The novel was followed by The Music of Chance.
The William Peter Webb House in Eutaw, Alabama, United States is an example of Greek Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Concord High School, a part of the Brandywine School District, is located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States. The school was established in 1969.
The Waterville Bridge was designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. and is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The bridge has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Chkalov Stairs, a monument designed in the Stalinist style of architecture, was designed by Alexander Yacovlev and Vladimir Munz. The stair was inaugurated in 1949.
The Albert Slingerlands House is a historic house in New York, United States, with a Greek Revival style of architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Shardara is a human settlement in Kazakhstan, located in Turkistan Region in the Shardara District. Shardara is the capital of Shardara District.
KVH Co. Ltd., a telecommunications company in Japan, was founded on 2 April 1999 in Tokyo.
Creative Diagnostics is a privately held company in the biotechnology industry that was founded in New York City in 2005.
Suwannee County Airport, which was established on January 7, 1965, is located in Live Oak, Florida, United States.
The Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu passenger railway, which has a terminus at Shanghai Hongqiao railway station, is operated by China Railway Wuhan Group. The other operators of the railway are the China Railway Shanghai Group and Hefei-Nanjing passenger railway. The Suining-Chongqing railway is also operated by China Railway Wuhan Group.
The Little Jacks Creek Wilderness, established in 2009, is located in the administrative territory of Idaho, in the United States. It is categorized as a wilderness area under the IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
Marriage 2.0 is a 2015 film from the United States. The film was originally shown in English and starred India Summer.
USS Bausell, a Gearing-class destroyer, was named after Lewis K. Bausell. The USS Bausell is in the United States Navy.
The Moriyama Domain, a han system domain, was founded in 1700 by Matsudaira Yorisada. It was preceded by the Nukada Domain and followed by the Matsukawa Domain.
Arunabh Sarkar is a Pakistani born human being from Bangladesh. He was awarded the Bangla Academy Literary Award. His native language is Bengali.
Hyperspace Delivery Boy was designed by Tom Hall and published by Linux Game Publishing. It is available for Microsoft Windows and was developed by Monkeystone Games.
Christmas Bells is a television advertisement that was produced by Colossal Pictures. It originates from the United States and was first broadcast in 1989. It was distributed by The Hershey Company.
The Cordillera de los Frailes is a mountain range in Bolivia, in the Andes. Its highest point is Nuevo Mundo volcano. It is part of the continent of the Americas.
Agaju: The Sacred Path of Treasure is an adventure video game developed by Gizmondo.
Shaw Industries is a textile company founded in 1946 in Dalton, Georgia, United States.
RapScallions is an alternative rock band from Hollywood, United States. The band was formed in 2011.
Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse is a retail business founded in 1989 in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is located in New York State in the United States. It is a historic house with the Greek Revival architectural style. Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1279 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, which was published on 30 November 1999. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1278 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1280.
Stephen Colbert, who created The Colbert Report, started his career on October 17, 2005. He is the character Stephen Colbert and ended his career on December 18, 2014.
The Central Balkan National Park in Bulgaria was established in 1991. It has the IUCN category II National Park designation and the Tentative World Heritage Site.
The painting A break away was created by Tom Roberts in 1891 and is located in the Art Gallery of South Australia.
The Coldwater River National Wildlife Refuge in Mississippi, United States was established in 2000 and is managed by the IUCN. It has the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow is located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom and was founded by Peter Lowe. The College is affiliated with the Institute of Medicine.
The Daihatsu Mira Gino is a car model manufactured by Daihatsu, it was preceded by the Daihatsu Cuore. It was followed by the Daihatsu Mira Cocoa.
The Sunni Students Council is an international organization whose official language is Malayalam. Its chairperson is Shafi bin Khalid and it was a participant in the People's Meeting 2016.
Nantou County Council is the legislature of Nantou County, Taiwan. It was created in 1950 and has a member of the Nantou County Council.
The Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute passed by the New Zealand Parliament.
Alberta, Canada held a general election in 1913. The election was won by Arthur Sifton.
Divinity Destroyed is a progressive metal band from Toms River, New Jersey, United States. The band was formed in 1999.
Princeton Airport (established on 4 January 1938) is located in Princeton, New Jersey, United States. The airport serves Princeton, New Jersey.
Jjigae is a dish from Korea, a hot pot dish that contains meat and is served as a stew.
The Szczecin Voivodeship Office is a building in Szczecin, Poland, designed by Paul Kieschke and completed in 1911.
Burlington is located in Boone County, Kentucky, United States. It was established in 1799 and is a census-designated place.
The band Panzerpappa is a progressive rock band from Oslo. They were formed in 1998 and are signed to the record label Rune Grammofon.
The Wandering Light was made by Messter Film in Germany. The director of photography is Karl Freund and the original language is German. Oskar Messter is the producer.
Harvard University alum Emanuel Parzen was awarded the Wilks Memorial Award. He is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Grace Wahba was his doctoral student. Emanuel Parzen is an expert on human physiology.
The Changshou Yangtze River Railway Bridge is located in Changshou District and was opened in November 2006. It carries the Chongqing-Huaihua Railway and it crosses the Yangtze River.
Vier gegen Z was broadcast by ARD from 10 April 2005 to 17 November 2007. The series originated from Germany and starred Monica Bleibtreu.
The Wisconsin Tower is a skyscraper constructed in 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. The building has the architectural style of Art Deco.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1888, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on 30 September 2009. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1887 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1889.
Nevidzany is a municipality in Prievidza District, Slovakia. It was established in 1229.
The Federal Office Building (Seattle) in the United States was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect for the U.S. Treasury. The building is located in Seattle and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Computerworld (also known as Computerworld) originates from the United States. It was founded by Patrick Joseph McGovern. The language used is Russian. It is published by the International Data Group.
The Boy Kumasenu is a drama film from Ghana. It was released in 1952 and was directed by Sean Graham.
North Dakota Highway 1804 is a road in the United States, owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation.
Acclaim Entertainment is the publisher of NBA Jam 2002, a sequel to NBA Jam. The game was developed by the Acclaim Entertainment team and is available for the Game Boy Advance. The game has a multiplayer mode.
The Norden Farm Centre for the Arts is located in Maidenhead, United Kingdom. The centre is a theater with Norden Farm House as part of it.
Like a Storm is a hard rock band from Auckland, New Zealand. They were formed in 2005.
Vermilion Regional Airport was established on January 3, 1951 and is located in Danville, Illinois, United States.
The Malayalam language film Bharathan Effect was made in India. The film is a science fiction film and stars Biju Menon. The director of photography for the film is Ramachandra Babu.
The Shubenacadie Grand Lake is located in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is the outflow of the Shubenacadie River.
Valea Mare, Covasna is a commune in Covasna County, Romania. Valea Mare is the capital of Valea Mare, which contains the settlement of Valea Mare.
Ebba the Movie is a Swedish language documentary film from Sweden. The screenwriter is Johan Donner and the musical genre is documentary film. Lennart Eriksson is a star in the movie.
Colin Fry is one of the stars in the reality TV series, 6ixth Sense, which originates from the United Kingdom. The series was produced in English.
Divya Pillai was born in November 23, 1985 in Dubai. She is an Indian woman and human being.
Sercomtel, a business in the mobile phone industry, was founded in 1968. It is located in Londrina, Brazil.
Kazarman Airport is in Kazarman, Kyrgyzstan. The airport is named after Kazarman. Kazarman is the transport hub of Kazarman.
The 2003 Hokkaido gubernatorial election was held on 13 April 2003 in Japan. This was the first election in which Harumi Takahashi was the successful candidate for Governor of Hokkaido Prefecture.
The WAP-7 is an electric locomotive class operated by Indian Railways. It is manufactured by the Chittaranjan Locomotive Works and has a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Mules and Men is a book written by Zora Neale Hurston and published in the U.S. in 1935. The book is a book about folklore.
The band Spotlight Kid, whose musical genre is Psychedelic rock, was formed in Nottingham in 2006. Chris Davis is a member of the band.
Mujhe Meri Biwi Se Bachaao is a Hindi movie from India. It was directed by Harry Baweja, produced by Prakash Mehra and starred Naseeruddin Shah.
Lougheed Island is located in the Arctic Ocean, part of the Findlay Group, in Nunavut, Canada.
The band Wardrum is from Thessaloniki, Greece. They were formed in 2010 and play power metal music.
The Saint John Flames ice hockey team are the occupants of the TD Station in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. The TD Station is an architectural structure.
Lakhon Ki Baat, which was originally made in Hindi, is from India. It was written by Basu Chatterjee and stars Anita Raj and Farooq Sheikh.
Ledgedale Airpark is located in the state of New York, United States. The airport was founded on January 4th 1969. The transport hub of the airport is Brockport, New York.
The Presidential Election of Greece, 2010 was held on 3 February 2010 and resulted in Karolos Papoulias becoming President of Greece.
The 1935 Coupe de France Final was held at Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir. Charles Roviglione scored a goal for Olympique de Marseille. Olympique de Marseille won the Coupe de France Final. Stade Rennais FC also participated in the final.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, which is the central bank of Australia, was created in 1960 with Glenn Stevens as chairperson. The headquarters of the bank are located in Sydney.
Iferni is a small town and rural commune in Driouch Province, Morocco. The official language is Modern Standard Arabic.
The Guardian newspaper is published in the United Kingdom and was founded by John Edward Taylor. Its Berliner format is still in use and it won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. It is part of the journalism industry.
The United States is the origin of Port Authority. The film, which was produced by Martin Scorsese and starred Leyna Bloom and Fionn Whitehead, is set in New York City.
The Fitzgerald Family Christmas was originally broadcast in English and is from New York state, United States. Tom Guiry and Edward Burns are both cast in the film.
The People's University of Amsterdam in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is a Volksuniversiteit. It was founded by Sebald Rudolf Steinmetz and was inaugurated 15 January 1913.
Uberto Pasolini won the BAFTA Award for Best Film in 1998 for his work on The Full Monty.
Kornos FC 2013 play in the STOK Elite Division. The club is based in Kornos, Cyprus and is a member of the Larnaca District Football Association. Kornos FC 2013's home ground is Kornos Community Stadium.
The Korean language film, My Dear Desperado, was written by Kim Kwang-sik, produced by Yoon Je-kyoon and distributed by Lotte Cultureworks. The film originates from South Korea.
Pedraza, Magdalena was established in 1790. It is located in the Magdalena Department of Colombia. It is one of the official languages of Colombia is Spanish.
WBIX, a radio station in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, began broadcasting in 1922.
The United States is the origin of the Lapham's Quarterly magazine, which was founded in 2007. The editor of the magazine is Lewis H. Lapham and the publication is located in New York City.
The Yangmingtan Bridge is located in Harbin, China. It was inaugurated in November 2011 and it carries the Songhua River.
Ripky (Ukrainian: ) is a list of urban-type settlements in Ukraine by subdivision. It is located in the Ripky Raion (capital of Ripky Raion). The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary is the source of the information about Ripky.
The Angel of the Resurrection is a stained glass window created by Louis Comfort Tiffany at Tiffany Studios in 1904. The window is located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
The Allure of Tears is a drama film from China, directed by Wong Chun-chun and released in 2011.
The band Orquesta SCC is a rock and pop band from New York City, United States. They were formed in 2013. Their music genre is Salsa dura.
Debbie Stabenow graduated from Michigan State University in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She went on to earn a Master of Social Work degree at the same university in 1975.
Maverik Lacrosse is a company in the United States that produces sports equipment. The company was founded in 2005 and is located in Mineola, New York.
KLUQ is a radio station in Steelville, Missouri, United States. It was established in 1997.
Ivy Dale Farm is a Georgian style building in the United States, located in Delaware. The Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Idun language is a modern language that is spoken in Nasarawa State, Kaduna State and Nigeria.
The band Beat is a rock and pop band from Finland, who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990.
The Crimson Beech is a landmark building in New York City in the United States. The Crimson Beech was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
The Allegheny County Airport Authority operates Pittsburgh International Airport which was opened in 1952. The airport is named after the city of Pittsburgh and serves the transport hub of the city.
The KB Prishtina basketball team was founded in 1970. They play in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague and their home arena is the Palace of Youth and Sports.
The home ground of Scorpion de Bey, an association football club from Cameroon, is the Roumde Adjia Stadium. The club is in the Elite One League.
Born in Staten Island, Moira Gunn, is a podcaster who is a woman. She graduated from Purdue University and is an expert on human rights.
The Don Roman Santos Building in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines was completed in 1894. It has Neoclassical architecture style.
The 1991 Dutch Open (tennis) was part of the ATP World Series. The tournament was played on clay courts and started on 22 July 1991 and ended on 28 July 1991.
The Jensen 541 is a car model manufactured by Jensen Motors, it was preceded by the Jensen Interceptor in 1950 and followed by the Jensen C-V8.
David Silva and Raheem Sterling, both of Manchester City FC, were the winners of the 2019 FA Cup Final. Watford FC also participated in the final.
Lin Haiyin is the screenwriter of My Memories of Old Beijing, which is based on the novel My Memories of Old Beijing. The film originates from China and was shown in Standard Chinese.
YBNL Nation, a varying band from Nigeria, was founded by Olamide in 2012. The record label is based in Nigeria.
G.E.M. Membership Department Stores, a retail business, was founded in 1956 and dissolved in 1973. It is located in Detroit.
The Wild Animal Control Act 1977 is a New Zealand statute legislated by the New Zealand Parliament.
The comic book series "Lady Mechanika" was created by Joe Benitez and published by Aspen Comics. It is a Steampunk comic series.
Roanoke County Public Schools is the school district of Hidden Valley High School which is located in Virginia, United States. The school was established in 2002.
A.P. Herbert wrote The Water Gipsies which was published in 1930. The novel is a London novel.
Venlo-Eindhoven railway line is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and opened in 1866. Its terminus is Venlo railway station in the Netherlands.
Dog Faced Hermans are a punk rock band from Edinburgh, United Kingdom. They are signed to the record label Alternative Tentacles.
The East Hills railway line is owned by RailCorp and operated by Sydney Trains. It is located in New South Wales, Australia.
Las Vegas High School is in Clark County School District, Nevada, U.S. The school was established in 1993.
Mars Area High School (in Pennsylvania, United States) was created in 1967. It is part of the Mars Area School District.
The Wingham Chronicle and Manning River Observer is an English language daily newspaper from Australia. Its place of publication is Wingham, New South Wales.
The Amity University in Noida, India was founded in 1995. It is affiliated to the University Grants Commission (India).
The Camp Ripley Bridge is a road and railway bridge that crosses the Mississippi River. It is located in Green Prairie Township, Morrison County, Minnesota, United States.
John Boccieri graduated from Webster University in 1996 with a Master of Arts degree. He went on to earn a Master of Public Administration degree.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 524 was passed on November 29, 1982. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 523 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 525.
The Hamilton Spectator is a broadsheet daily newspaper published in Canada. It was founded in 1846 and is owned by the Metroland Media Group.
KVON is a radio station in Napa, California, United States. The station was founded in 1947.
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company, a gastronomy company, is located in Seattle, United States. It was founded in 1995.
Rick Zieff stars in Full Circle, which was released on 13 January 2008. The film was directed by Tony Klinger and was originally shown in English.
Lambert High School is a high school in Georgia, United States. The school was established in 2009 and is part of the Forsyth County Schools.
Mervyn Peake wrote Letters from a Lost Uncle which was published in 1948. The book is a novel that is set in the Arctic.
Sri Sairam Institute of Technology in Chennai, India is affiliated to Anna University. The institute was established in 2008.
The American Fern Journal is a scientific journal that was established in 1910 and published in Washington, D.C. It is primarily concerned with the polypodiophyta. The journal is written in English.
Radford Highlanders, a university and college sports club in the United States, play association football and basketball for Radford University.
The Hampton County Courthouse, in Hampton, South Carolina, United States, is an Italianate style courthouse, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Solomon River is located in the United States in Kansas. The North Fork Solomon River is a tributary of the Solomon River, which in turn, flows into the Smoky Hill River.
Danny Kirwan played with the band Fleetwood Mac from 1968 to 1972. The guitarist and vocalist is a key member of the band.
Nanjing Normal University in Nanjing, China was established in 1902. It is located in Nanjing, China. The university has a subsidiary called Ginling College.
The Neversink River is located in New York, United States, and is a tributary of the Delaware River.
WLTT, a radio station in the United States, is located in North Carolina at Carolina Beach. The station was founded in 1989.
The Akita Prefectural Baseball Stadium is located in the city of Akita in Japan. It was opened in 2003 and is the home of the Japanese High School Baseball Championship.
The Santa Fe Depot in Oklahoma City was opened in 1934 and closed in 1979. The station is adjacent to the Norman Depot and the Santa Fe Depot is connected to the Heartland Flyer. The Santa Fe Depot was opened in 1999.
Chicago Public Schools is the school district of Calumet High School in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school was founded in 1909 and is a secondary school.
Everett Memorial Stadium is a baseball park in the United States. It is owned by the Everett School District and is located in the state of Washington. The occupants of the stadium are the Everett AquaSox.
The Mitsubishi FTO is a sports car manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors. It was succeeded by the Mitsubishi Eclipse.
Olivia Ruiz is a pop musician signed to Polydor Records. She is fluent in French and her music genre is pop music. Olivia Ruiz is a singer whose voice is a natural language.
The TV5 Network created the Philippine TV series Fan Tastik which originated in the Philippines. The series aired from 27 February 2011 to 22 May 2011.
The skyscraper Three Gateway Center in Pittsburgh, United States was designed by the architects Eggers & Higgins. It was completed in 1952.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship is the organizer of UFC 140, a mixed martial arts sporting event that was held in Toronto, United States.
Ekibastuz Airport is located in the Pavlodar region of Kazakhstan. The airport serves the transport hub of Ekibastuz.
The Al Azim Mosque, which is located within the administrative area of Malacca City, Malaysia, was established in 1990. Its architectural style is Islamic.
The company Smartface is in the software industry and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States.
The band JEFF the Brotherhood is a garage rock band from Nashville, Tennessee. They are from the United States and signed to Dine Alone Records.
The Soyuz TM-21 was launched on March 14, 1995 from the Soyuz-U2. The Soyuz TM-21 had a significant event at its landing in Kazakhstan on September 11th 1995.
Operation Smile, a nonprofit organization founded in 1982, is located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States.
WEGP is a radio station in Presque Isle, Maine, United States. The station was founded in 1960.
The Hampden Bridge, Kangaroo Valley is a suspension bridge in New South Wales, Australia. The bridge was opened on 19 May 1898 and crosses the Kangaroo River (Shoalhaven).
Medina Armory in the United States, New York State, is in the architectural style of Victorian architecture and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 14th Street Bridge is located in Washington D.C., United States and it was opened in 1903. The 14th Street Bridge spans the Potomac River.
La reina del mambo is a Rumberas film from Mexico. Spanish is the language spoken in the film. Roberto Cobo and Gustavo Rojo are both stars of the film.
The Earth Observing-1 is an Earth observation satellite operated by NASA. It was launched on November 21, 2000 from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It was launched aboard the Delta II rocket.
The Wibawa Mukti Stadium in the Bekasi Regency, Indonesia was inaugurated in 2014. The occupant of the stadium is Persikasi Bekasi.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1103 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 31 March 1997. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1102, and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1104.
The Westmount Examiner is a Berliner format newspaper in Canada. It was created in 1935. The newspaper is owned by Transcontinental.
WDOH is a radio station in the United States. The station was created in 1972 and broadcasts to Delphos, Ohio.
Cheyenne Frontier Days Arena is a sports venue in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States. The Cheyenne Frontier Days Arena is owned by Cheyenne Frontier Days.
The 2019 UN Climate Action Summit, which has the main topic of Climate Action, was held on 23 September 2019 at the United Nations Headquarters in the United States.
The Armenian First League, which was founded in 1992, is an association football league in Armenia. The league's season starts in March.
The Los Angeles Times Building was designed by Gordon Kaufmann and was completed in 1935. It is located in California, United States.
Chess Crusade, a traditional video game, was released in the UK on 30 May 2008 and is available for the Nintendo DS.
The British Society for Parasitology is a parasitology organization in the United Kingdom. It was founded in April 1962 and is based in Bedford.
South East Central Railway Sports Club is an association football club from India. Their home ground is Cooperage Ground and they play in the National Football League.
Hornsdale Wind Farm, operated by Neoen, is made by Catcon. The Hornsdale Power Reserve is a wind turbine located at Hornsdale in South Australia.
The 283 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive built by Hitachi and operated by West Japan Railway Company. It entered service on 31 July 1996.
Ketaki Narayan, born in Akola, is an actor and human being. Ketaki Narayan is a woman.
Ismael Sueno was born in Koronadal and is a politician and member of the Probinsya Muna Development Initiative. He is a human being.
The ship SS Aud, built by Bergen Mekaniske Verksted in Norway, was in service from 1907 to 1916.
The Jarbidge River is located in the United States in the administrative territory of Idaho. It is a tributary of the Bruneau River and is part of the drainage basin of the Snake River.
Deface is a short film from the United States, starring Joseph Steven Yang. It was released in January 2007 in Korean.
The Danish Girl was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 88th Academy Awards, where Alicia Vikander won.
Urbandale High School in the U.S.A. is part of the Urbandale Community School District and was established in 1916. It is located in the city of Urbandale, in the state of Iowa.
The SS Arctic, a paddle steamer, is owned by and operated by Collins Line. Its home port is New York City.
Mariinsky Theatre is a 2008 English language film from the United Kingdom directed by Margy Kinmonth.
The Marcha newspaper was founded on June 23, 1939 in Uruguay. The editor is Carlos Quijano, the newspaper is published in Spanish.
Westminster High School in Westminster, California is part of the Huntington Beach Union High School District. Westminster High School was founded on 10 September 1959 and is a public state school in North America.
The Marvel Trading Card Game was developed by Vicious Cycle Software and published by Konami. It uses the Vicious Engine and is available in ROM cartridge form for Microsoft Windows.
The Abed Hamdani Stadium, which is used for association football, is located in El Khroub, Algeria. The current occupant of the stadium is AS Khroub.
Western Hills High School is located in Benbrook, Texas, in the United States. The school was established in 1968 and is part of the Fort Worth Independent School District.
Coulter Field is a stadium in Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada. It is owned by Bishop's University. The occupants of Coulter Field are Bishop's Gaiters.
Second Hand Rose is a rock band from China. They were formed in 2000. They are influenced by heavy metal music.
The airline Romavia was founded in 1991, and had its hub at Aurel Vlaicu International Airport. It was based in Romania and dissolved in 2010.
Currency Exchange International is a financial services company founded in 1998 and located in Orlando, Florida. They are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Seiichi Kita is a human being from Japan. He was given the name Seiichi and served as a general officer. Seiichi Kita is a man.
The Free Papua Movement was founded in 1965 in Papua, Indonesia. The Movement's ideology is nationalism and it is a liberation movement.
The Deutscher Schriftstellerverband was a German Advocacy group that was founded in East Germany on May 22, 1952. Its chair was Hermann Kant and it dissolved in 1990.
The Internacional de Toronto is an association football club based in Canada. They were founded in 2014 and play their home matches at the Lamport Stadium.
The Hellenic Philotelic Society is a philately organization in Athens, Greece. It was founded in 1925.
Hydrogen Jukebox is an English language opera with music by Philip Glass. Allen Ginsberg is the author of the libretto and the lyrics are written by Allen Ginsberg.
Boise School District is the school district of Borah High School in Idaho, United States. The school was established in 1958 and is a part of the North American High School System.
The band Mephiskapheles was founded in 1990 in New York City, United States. Their musical genre is Ska and they are a rock and pop band.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1847 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on December 12, 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1846 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1848.
Schneider National is a United States company in the logistics industry. The company was founded in 1935 and is located in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Penncrest High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The school was established in 1955 and is part of the Rose Tree Media School District.
Nexteer Automotive, a company in the automotive industry founded in 2009, is headquartered in Saginaw, Michigan. The company's stock is traded in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Cambridge Public Library is located in Massachusetts, United States and was designed by Henry Van Brunt. The library is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Mohali International Hockey Stadium is located in Mohali, India. The occupant of the stadium is Punjab Warriors and field hockey is one of the sports that the stadium hosts.
The Casino Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Bregenz, Austria. The current occupants are SC Bregenz and the stadium also holds association football matches.
The Datsun Type 17 is a car model manufactured by Datsun. It is the successor to the Datsun Type 16 and was followed by the Datsun DA.
The Turkish Historical Society in Turkey is a government agency that was founded in 1931. The Turkish Historical Society's field of work is the History of Turkey.
KJKS is a radio station in Kahului, Hawaii, United States. It was established in 1984.
Emtel was founded in 1989 in the Mauritius mobile phone industry. The company is in the business of providing mobile phone services from its headquarters in Ebene CyberCity.
129 West Trade, designed by Harrison & Abramovitz, is a building in North Carolina, United States. It was opened in 1958.
The MV Aureol is an ocean liner with a home port of Liverpool. It is manufactured by Alexander Stephen and Sons, is from the United Kingdom and was built in Govan.
Charles Winsor, whose real name is Charles, is the editor-in-chief of the Iowa State University. His doctoral advisor was William John Crozier and he is an expert on the human body.
Helena Sandsmark, a fictional human, was created by John Byrne. The character is Helena Sandsmark's given name and she has a child called Wonder Girl.
Shigatse is a prefecture-level city in the Tibet Autonomous region of China. It contains Tingri County and Rinpungpa is the capital.
Angel tube station is located adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station which is on the Northern Line. This station is located towards Edgware tube station and Mill Hill East tube station. King's Cross St Pancras tube station is also located towards High Barnet tube station.
The Geffen Award, founded in 1999, is a literary award in Israel. It is named after Amos Geffen and is given by the Icon Festival.
Ghulam Ali Khan, a male portrait painter, was born in Delhi.
The book Men of Mathematics by Eric Temple Bell is about the history of Mathematics. It was published in 1937 by Simon & Schuster.
Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish in the Braintree district of the United Kingdom.
Frankford Stadium was a baseball ground in Pennsylvania, United States. Frankford Yellow Jackets are the occupants of the Frankford Stadium. The stadium was destroyed on 27 July 1931.
The Soyuz TM-25 was launched 10 February 1997 from the Soyuz-U launchpad. The spacecraft made its landing in Kazakhstan on 14 August 1997.
William H. Reynolds won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing at the 38th Academy Awards. The film The Sound of Music also won the award for Best Film Editing.
Penrith Nepean United Football Club is an association football club in Australia. The club was founded in 1957. Its head coach is Ante Juric.
The Garden Key Lighthouse is located in the Monroe County, Florida, United States. It was in service from 1826 to 1924.
Kings County Distillery is a business located in New York City, United States. The company was founded in 2009.
MicroSociety is a United States based company that was founded by George H. Richmond in 1991. The company is located in Philadelphia.
Anatolia College is located in Thessaloniki, Greece. It was founded in 1886 by Charles H Tracy. It is an educational institution.
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968, edited by Terry Carr, was published by Ace Books. It is the sequel to World's Best Science Fiction: 1967 and was followed by World's Best Science Fiction: 1969.
Diane Keaton was the winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress for Annie Hall. Hall was nominated for the award at the 50th Academy Awards.
Mitchell County High School was created in 1980 and is located in the state of Georgia, United States. The school is part of the Mitchell County School District.
WSSV is a radio station in Mechanicville, New York, United States. The station was established in 1973.
The Quarters, a rock music band from Melbourne, Australia, were formed in 2005.
The Pointer Telocation company is based in Rosh HaAyin, Israel. The company was founded in 1991 and is a publicly traded company with a Nasdaq stock exchange.
Ananda College, founded by Henry Steel Olcott in 1886, is a school in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States, Garinger High School is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district. It was founded in 1909.
The Chevrolet Prisma is a car model manufactured by General Motors do Brasil. It is a follow up to the Chevrolet Corsa and was started in 2006.
Sons of Elvis is an alternative rock band from New York City, United States. The band is signed to Priority Records.
The Krank Manufacturing Company building is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. It was designed by architects Toltz, King & Day and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Eric Newman is the producer of The Man with the Iron Fists which originates from the United States. The Man with the Iron Fists was filmed in Shanghai and the original language of the film is English. The Man with the Iron Fists is distributed by Universal Pictures.
CHSM, a radio station in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada, was established in 1964.
The National Theatre of Greece, located in Athens, was designed by the architect Ernst Ziller and was established in 1880.
Nabeshima Station is adjacent to Saga Station, which is on the Karatsu Line. This station is connected to the Nagasaki Main Line. Saga Station is towards Tosu Station and Saga Station is towards Saga Station.
The University of Pittsburgh is a private university that was founded by Hugh Henry Brackenridge in 1787. It is a public-private partnership that has had a significant impact on mixed-sex education.
Gluecifer is a punk rock band from Oslo, Norway. The band was formed in 2005.
The Cheylesmore Memorial is a public art work of Portland stone, designed by Edwin Lutyens and a Grade II listed building.
Brown County Airport was established on 4 January 1971 and is located in Georgetown, Ohio, United States.
The Palacio de Deportes de Santander is an arena in Santander, Spain. The arena was opened in 2003 and the occupants are CD Estela.
The AAC Angel is a transport airplane with 2 engines from the United States. It was first flown on 13 January 1984.
The Century Magazine was published in New York City, United States between 1881 and 1930.
The DHB-Pokal is a handball competition in Germany that was created in 1974. The competition starts in August.
Raymond, Mississippi is located in Hinds County, United States. Raymond was founded in 1829 and is the capital of Hinds County.
The Phenomenauts are a rock and pop band from Oakland, California, United States. They were formed in 2000. Their genre is Psychobilly.
New World China Land is a publicly traded company, founded by New World Development. It is traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and has a subsidiary called Rosewood Hotel Group.
The Shadrinsk Telephone Plant is an open joint-stock company that was founded in 1941. Its headquarters are located in Shadrinsk.
Moses was born in 1819, was a male horse and a son of Seymour and Gohanna mare. Jewess was one of his children.
Jason Manford presented the 2017 Laurence Olivier Awards at the Royal Albert Hall on 9 April 2017.
Central Bucks High School East is a high school in Pennsylvania, United States. It was created in 1969 and is part of the Central Bucks School District.
Soo Catwoman is a human being from the United Kingdom. The surname of Soo Catwoman is Lucas.
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a video game developed by Clever Endeavour Games, released on March 4th 2016 for Linux. The game can be found in the Humble Store.
The Jan Van Eyck Academie is an art school in Maastricht, Netherlands. It was created in 1948 and is dedicated to performing arts.
The Struggle is a 1977 animated film from Hungary. It was directed by Marcell Jankovics and has a NMHH rating of Category II.
The Thin Red Line (1998), set in the Guadalcanal Campaign, stars Will Wallace, Elias Koteas, John Cusack. The soundtrack for The Thin Red Line was released in 1998.
Edmonton Journal is a daily newspaper in Edmonton, which was founded in 1903. The newspaper is published in a broadsheet format.
Adivasi Lok Kala Academy is a Cultural Institution in Madhya Pradesh, India. It was established in 1980 by the Government of Madhya Pradesh.
ILWIS is an application software written in C++ for Microsoft Windows and released under the GNU General Public License.
SBI Group's main subsidiaries are SBI Sumishin Net Bank, SBI Card and SBI Investment. The latter company is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The SBI Card is a subsidiary of SBI Group. The chief executive officer of SBI Group is Yoshitaka Kitao.
Steve Tesich was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay at the 52nd Academy Awards for his screenplay for Breaking Away.
Cheapair is a company in the software industry founded in 1989 in Calabasas, California.
The Piedmont Institution is located in Rockmart, Georgia, United States. The school was founded by Methodism in 1889.
WSKP is an AM radio station in Hope Valley, Rhode Island, United States. The station was founded in 1985.
Southend United FC's home ground is Roots Hall, owned by Fossetts Farm Stadium. The club's official colors are blue and the head coach is Phil Brown (born 1959).
The Wonder Kid was produced by London Films and distributed by British Lion Films. It stars Bobby Henrey, was edited by Reginald Beck and was directed by Günther Anders.
HMS K1 is a British K-class submarine which was built in Portsmouth in the United Kingdom by the Royal Navy.
Namco Museum Vol. 1 is a video game compilation released in 1995 for the PlayStation.
Sawyer Island is part of the Pitt Islands in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica. The Island is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Drchrono is a privately held company founded in Mountain View, California. The company was founded in 2009.
Rosa 'Nevada' is a rose cultivar that was created in 1927 by Pedro Dot. It is from Spain.
The Hiroden Streetcar Route 9, operated by Hiroshima Electric Railway, is a tram line in Japan. The line's terminus is Hakushima Station.
Earl J. Lennard High School is located in the city of Florida, United States. The school was established in 2006 and is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools.
The New Zealand Parliament legislated the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013 which is New Zealand statute.
Barkha Sharma was born in Mumbai. She is an Indian fashion designer and human being. She graduated from Purdue University.
Mankivka, which was established in 1965, is part of the Mankivka Raion in Ukraine. It is the capital of the raion. Mankivka is included in the list of urban-type settlements in Ukraine by subdivision.
The Rydell National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1992 and is located in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. It is categorized as a habitat/species management area.
A Handful of Fog is written by Sami Michael and was published in 1979. The book is set in Iraq.
Doncho Donchev was born in Gabrovo on August 22, 1974. He is a painter whose genre is human.
Orange Walk People's Stadium is in Orange Walk District, Belize. It is used for association football and the current occupant is Juventus FC.
The architect of the Villa Palagonia is Tommaso Napoli, it is located in Bagheria, Italy. The villa has a Baroque style of architecture.
The Conestoga River is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a tributary of Cocalico Creek and it is a river that flows into the Susquehanna River.
Lone Star Airlines was an airline based in the United States. The airline was founded in 1984, its hub is the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and it dissolved in 1998.
The Gold Coast Hotel and Casino was established in 1986 in Nevada, United States.
The Sittaung River is found in the Bago region of Myanmar in Asia. It flows into the Andaman Sea.
News Outdoor Group is a privately held company that was founded in Moscow in 1995.
Manjul Bhargava is a member of the American Mathematical Society. He is a Hindu and was a student of Andrew Wiles. He was awarded the Fields Medal.
The Presque Isle River flows into Lake Superior in Michigan, United States.
4AD is a record label founded in 1980 in London, United Kingdom by Ivo Watts-Russell.
WANB is a radio station in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1956.
Stoke City FC play in the Premier League and own the Bet365 Stadium. They are managed by Nathan Jones (Welsh footballer) and Gary Rowett.
Lee Mendelson Films is an animation studio founded in 1989 by Lee Mendelson in Burlingame, California. The studio is located in the United States.
The Flood ( 1994 film ) was produced by Daniel Toscan du Plantier and was directed by Vladimir Pankov. The film was originally made in French and is set in Saint Petersburg.
John DeFazio is the director of photography for The Canyons, a film from the United States. The Canyons was filmed in Los Angeles and was originally released in English.
Lake Sylva is a reservoir in New Jersey, in the United States. It is dammed by Sylva Lake Dam and the lake's inflow is Shabakunk Creek.
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is part of the Big Ten Conference. The conference, which was founded in 1896, is located in Rosemont, Illinois. The conference is a member of the American football league.
Tolyatti is located in the Moscow Time zone and the Moscow Time began on 28 March 2010 and ended on 25 October 2014. Moscow Time was the time zone used in Tolyatti between October 1989 and September 1991.
Laff En Roll is a Philippine TV series from the Philippines. The series was created by GMA Network and is shown in Filipino language.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2066 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 17 September 2012. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2065 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2067.
The Changwon NC Park in South Korea is a baseball stadium. The occupants of the stadium are the NC Dinos. The Changwon NC Park is a sports venue.
Minot High School (founded in 1887) is located in Minot, North Dakota, United States. The school is part of the Minot Public Schools district.
The Legend of Bruce Lee, created by Shannon Lee, was broadcast on China Central Television from October 12th to December 31st 2008.
Governador Valadares Airport is located in Minas Gerais, Brazil. The airport is named after Governador Valadares, Minas Gerais and is served by the transport hub of Governador Valadares, Minas Gerais.
Muhammad Alhamid graduated from Hasanuddin University with a Bachelor's degree in 1994 and a master's degree in 1999.
Vizrt, a business located in Bergen, Norway, is publicly traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The company was founded in 1997.
The Electoral Act 1993 is a New Zealand statute passed by the New Zealand Parliament.
The Anarchist Manifesto was written in French by Anselme Bellegarrigue. It was published in April 1850. The main topic of the Manifesto is Anarchism.
WKFL is a radio station in Bushnell, Florida, United States. It was founded in 1986.
The band Spitting Off Tall Buildings is a rock and pop band from Germany. They are part of the Punk rock genre and are signed to the record label Sanctuary Records. The band includes Jana Pallaske.
NZXT is a company in the electronics industry that produces peripheral products. They were founded in 2004 and are headquartered in Los Angeles.
Masterseek is a company founded in 1999 in Denmark by Rasmus Refer. It is located in New York City.
Jeremy Renner won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor for The Hurt Locker in 2009.
London Trams is a transport authority in the United Kingdom that was created in 1999. It is owned by Transport for London. Tramlink is the operator of the Tramlink service.
China National Machinery Industry Corporation, founded in 1997 and located in Beijing, China, is a company that does business in China. China National Machinery Industry Corporation's subsidiary is China Machinery Engineering Corporation.
The Shaw Brothers Studio is the production company of Vengeful Beauty, which is from Hong Kong and produced by Run Run Shaw. The film is in Mandarin Chinese and Wang Lung-wei is a cast member.
Ostia is from Italy where the Italian language is spoken. The film's director of photography is Mario Mancini and the editor is Nino Baragli. The film's narrative is set in Rome.
Mikhail Burla, known as Mikhail, graduated from Shevchenko Transnistria State University, with a Candidate of Economic Sciences degree. He is a member of the Renewal party in Transnistria and he is an example of human beings.
Jack Lemmon won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 46th Academy Awards for Save the Tiger. Lemmon was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Borneo Orangutan Survival is a non-governmental organization founded in 1991 in Bogor, Indonesia by Willie Smits.
The Hansen Bridge is located in the United States in the city of Idaho State Highway 50. It carries Idaho State Highway 50 across the Snake River.
Lacey-Keosauqua State Park in Van Buren County, Iowa, United States, was designed by the Central Design Office in Ames and was established in 1921.
The Power of the Past was made in Italy and the Italian language is spoken. The film is directed by Luca Bigazzi and the stars include Sandra Ceccarelli. The costume designer is Francesca Livia Sartori.
Hunan Valin Steel, which is located in Changsha, China, is in the Ferrous Metals business. The company is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Jeevan Mrityu is a Hindi movie from India. It was produced by Tarachand Barjatya, distributed by Rajshri Productions and starred Ajit.
The Pilica is a river in Poland, its basin is in Poland. Its tributary is Zwlecza and it is a river that flows into the Vistula.
Hallandale High School is in the Broward County Public Schools district in Florida, United States. The school was established in 1973.
Pembroke is the capital of Bryan County, Georgia, in the United States. The city was founded in 1892.
Sergey Ling, who was Prime Minister of Belarus, began his career on 18 November 1996 and was succeeded by Vladimir Yermoshin. He retired on 18 February 2000 and was succeeded by Mikhail Chigir.
Colours of Wind was originally released in Japanese and originates from Japan. It also originates from South Korea. Yoshihiko Hakamada and Yoshiko Nakada are both stars in the film.
The Lyon Street Bridge, located in Oregon, United States, is a road bridge that carries Lyon Street across the Willamette River. The bridge is maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
The National Parks Act 1980 is a New Zealand statute, legislated by the New Zealand Parliament.
The ROSEN Group is a company that was founded in 1981 in Stans, Germany. The company has a legal form of Aktiengesellschaft.
James Earl Rudder High School is located in Bryan Independent School District, Texas, United States. The school was established in 2008.
Founded in Athens in 2005, Hellenic Seaways is owned by the Attica Group. The headquarters are located in Kallithea and the company is in the business of shipping.
The company Qatalyst Partners is a United States based company that was founded in 2008 by Frank Quattrone. The company is headquartered in San Francisco and is in the business of providing services to customers.
The Shangganling District is located in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China. It is named for the Battle of Triangle Hill and it contains the Weiguo Forest Farm.
The Transept Trail is located in Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona, United States. The Transept Trail offers a view of the Grand Canyon.
Di Tsayt is a Yiddish language newspaper from New York City, United States.
Miss World Chile 2013 was the first beauty pageant to be held in Chile.
Worthing Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1920.
Catfield is a village and civil parish in North Norfolk, United Kingdom. Catfield is a village in the same area as Catfield.
Cedar High School was established in 1940 in Iron County, Utah, United States.
The Eshima Ohashi Bridge is located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan. It was opened on October 16, 2004 and it crosses the Nakaumi River.
The 1899 Chicago mayoral election was held on 4 April 1899 in the city of Chicago, United States. The Mayor of Chicago was contested.
The Unity Party in Hungary was founded on 17 November 2009 and is based in Budapest. The party's ideology is Third Way.
The Tahquamenon River is located in Michigan, in the United States. The river flows into Lake Superior, which is the drainage basin of the Tahquamenon River.
Kalyazin was the capital of Kalyazinsky District from 1929 to 1963. Kalyazinsky District was started on March 4, 1964 and ended on February 27, 2005.
Shapingba District, established on August 1, 1939, is in Chongqing, China. The Xinqiao Subdistrict, Chongqing is located within the district.
The Barrandov Bridge was designed by Karel Filsak and it was inaugurated on 20 September 1983. The bridge, named after Barrandov, crosses the Vltava and carries the Prague City Ring Road.
Founded by Wendell Brown, EVoice, a United States company providing services in the economics industry, is in the business of providing e-commerce services.
The Skelton Dam is located on the Saco River in York County, Maine, United States.
Cowichan Lake is located in the administrative region of British Columbia, Canada. The Cowichan River is the outflow of the lake.
The Bloodsugars are an Indie rock band from New York City, United States. Their record label is Engine Room Recordings.
The Saigon Central Post Office is located in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. It was designed by Gustave Eiffel and was established in 1891.
The Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, discovered on 12 March 1968, is located in Alaska, United States. The operating company for the field is BP.
Spastic Ink is a progressive metal band from the United States. The band was founded in 1993 and includes Ron Jarzombek.
Augustus Pugin was a human being who wrote in English, a language spoken in the UK. His notable work was the Palace of Westminster. This work was described by the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885-1900.
Tunku Abdul Rahman was the successful candidate in the 1959 Malayan general election, held in Malaysia. The election resulted in Tunku Abdul Rahman becoming Prime Minister.
The Philippine TV series, IBC News Tonight, is from the Philippines. The series was created by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation and the Filipino language is spoken.
The location of Dubno Castle is in Dubno, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine. The castle was founded by Konstanty Ostrogski.
The Windsor Lancers are the occupants of the University of Windsor Stadium, which is located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
The Mistletoe Inn is a romantic comedy television film which was aired on the Hallmark Channel in 2017. The film is from Canada.
Tim Harrington is a member of the rock band Tall Heights which was formed in Boston, United States in 2009.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1088, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on December 12, 1996. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1087 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1089.
Spoon is a Philippine television show created by Net 25 and starring Janice de Belen.
Super Sentai, a Japanese language TV series, was created by TV Asahi and began airing on April 5, 1975.
The Maine Department of Transportation is based in Augusta, Maine in the United States. It was created in 1913 and is the department of transportation for Maine.
Louis Gossett Jr. won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor-Movement for his work on An Officer and a Gentleman in 1982.
The Popular Socialist Union in Chile was founded on October 12, 1967. The party's ideology is Socialism. The headquarters of the Popular Socialist Union (Chile) is in Santiago.
Sinochem is located in Beijing and was founded in 1950. They are in the petroleum industry and their main business is producing and selling of fuel. Sinofert is a subsidiary of Sinochem.
The Battle of Vaikal, fought on April 1, 1465, was part of the Ottoman wars in Europe. It took place in Ohrid.
The book Clockwork Princess, written in English, is a sequel to Clockwork Prince. It was written in London and originates from the United States. The book's cover art is by Cliff Nielsen.
The Rainmaker ( 1956 film ) is set in Kansas. The film's director of photography is Charles Lang and the production designer Hal Pereira is Hal Pereira. Edith Head is a costume designer in the film and Warren Low is an editor.
The Profile in Courage Award was created in 1989 and named after John F. Kennedy. It is awarded by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation and comes from the United States.
The TV series I'm with Stupid was created by Peter Keeley and broadcast on BBC Three. The series was shown in English and began airing on 10 September 2006 and ended on 15 October 2006.
The Churchill Mountains are a mountain range located in the Queen Alexandra Mountains, Antarctica, and their highest point is Mount Albert Markham. The range is in the Antarctic Treaty area.
William Rehnquist served as the Chief Justice of the United States from September 26, 1986 to September 3, 2005. He was appointed by Ronald Reagan and succeeded Warren E. Burger.
Keeping the Promise is from the United States and was produced in English. The film is about Maine, has Allegra Denton as one of the stars and Gordon Tootoosis as another.
1936 Tour de France was preceded by the 1935 Tour de France. It started in Paris and ended on 2 August 1936. Paris was the destination of 1936 Tour de France. The 1936 Tour de France was followed by the 1937 Tour de France.
Johnny Society is an alternative rock band from the United States. The band is led by Kenny Siegal and signed to the record label Messenger Records.
The Guadalupe River basin is the drainage basin of the Comal River, which is located in Texas, United States. The Comal River flows into the Guadalupe River in Texas.
Produced by Vijay Sethupathi Productions, the film Junga comes from India. It was originally made in Tamil and was edited by V. J. Sabu Joseph. The film is distributed by Arun Pandian.
WMCM, a radio station in Rockland, Maine, U.S., was founded in 1968.
Radio Werewolf is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in Los Angeles and have Nikolas Schreck as a member. Their music genre is gothic rock.
2014 Brasil Tennis Cup is part of the 2014 WTA Tour. It is organized by the Women's Tennis Association and is a women's tennis competition. It was preceded by the 2013 Brasil Tennis Cup. 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup -- Doubles is a part of the 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup.
The Saab 92 is a car model manufactured by Saab Automobile. It is the successor to the Saab Ursaab and was followed by the Saab 93.
The Fox Broadcasting Company is the original network for the TV series Mr. President. The series was created by Johnny Carson, the main topic of the series is politics. The series is in English and is distributed by NBCUniversal Television Distribution.
Deal Island is located in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia. It is part of the Kent Group.
The ballet La Sylphide, with choreography by Filippo Taglioni, was first performed on 12 March 1832. Its music was composed by Jean Schneitzhoeffer and its libretto was written by Adolphe Nourrit.
Shirokanedai Station is located adjacent to Shirokane-takanawa Station. This station is connected to the Tokyo Metro Namboku Line and the Toei Mita Line. Shirokane-takanawa Station is located at Nishi-Takashimadaira Station, and is a station of the Toei Mita Line. Shirokane-takanawa Station is located at Akabane-iwabuchi Station.
Clements High School in Texas, United States was established in 1983. It is part of the Fort Bend Independent School District.
The 2012-13 season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga was the season of association football in Austria. Austrian Football Association is the organiser of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
William Heinecke founded Minor International in 1978. The company's headquarters are located in Phra Khanong District and they sell retail products.
The FIBA Americas Under 20 Championship for Women, a women's basketball championship, was created in 2002 and started in the summer.
Tillamook High School, which was established in 1951, is located in Oregon, United States. The school is part of the Tillamook School District.
Seini (capital Seini) is a town in Maramureş County, Romania.
Hancock High School in Chicago, Illinois, United States was established in 1999 and is part of the Chicago Public Schools.
WCZQ, which was created in 1991, is a radio station in Illinois, United States. The station broadcasts to Monticello, Illinois.
Richard Lloyd Jones Jr. Airport, which was established on January 7, 1958, is located in Tulsa, Oklahoma in the United States.
Stephen Sondheim is the composer and the lyrics are by Stephen Sondheim. The musical Road Show, also known as Road Show, is a musical theatre work with a book by John Weidman.
The home ground of Kufrsoum SC is the Prince Hashim Stadium. They play in the Jordanian Pro League and are an association football club from Jordan.
Dmosin (Polish: Gmina Dmosin) is a village in Poland.
Sweet Inn is a private limited company founded in Tel Aviv, Israel in 2014.
Founded in 1995 by Wayne Lytle, the company Animusic is located in Ithaca, New York. The company is in the business of producing music.
The Snake River Plain is located in the United States, in Idaho. The Snake River Plain has a drainage basin of the Snake River, which is a valley.
Kreisleriana is a musical composition by Robert Schumann, published in 1838. It is from Germany and is in the public domain.
KHEX is a radio station in Concow, California, United States. The station was founded in 1998.
Massimo Pallottino (born Massimo) is a human being who speaks Italian. He was awarded the Erasmus Prize. Francesca Ridgway was a student of Massimo Pallottino.
Amarume Station is connected to the Uetsu Main Line and the Rikuu West Line. It is located next to Kita-Amarume Station which is towards Sakata Station (Yamagata) and Akita Station.
66th Street station (IRT Ninth Avenue Line) is a station on the IRT Ninth Avenue Line of the New York City Metro. The station was closed on 11 June 1940 in Manhattan, United States.
The Botan River is located in Turkey in the Siirt Province. The river flows into the Tigris.
The United States is the origin of the film Cannes Man. The film was filmed in Cannes, the Norwegian language is used and the cast includes Jon Cryer and Dennis Hopper.
Love Games is a Hindi movie from India. It was produced by Vishesh Films and distributed by T-Series. Mukesh Bhatt was the producer.
The business Mang Inasal was founded in Iloilo City, Pasay in 2003. It was founded by Edgar Sia.
Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge is located in Maine, United States. It was established in 1998. It is categorized as a habitat/species management area.
Stephan Dupuis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 59th Academy Awards for The Fly (1986 film).
The Merchants Bridge is located in Illinois, United States. It was opened in 1889 and crosses the Mississippi River.
Eversholt is a village and civil parish in Central Bedfordshire, United Kingdom.
The village of Flaunden is in the Dacorum area of the United Kingdom. It is the same as Flaunden, which is a civil parish.
Americana Group is a publicly traded company founded in 1964 in Kuwait City.
Dolna Bela Crkva is a village and a human settlement in Resen Municipality, North Macedonia.
Spongehead is a noise rock band from New York City, United States. They were formed in 1985.
Michiko Kuwano is a female human being from Japan.
The Bouncer is an action film from France, Belgium. French is the original language of the film.
KHGG is an AM radio station in Van Buren, Arkansas, United States. KHGG was founded in 1982.
The Bosque River is located in Texas, United States. It is a tributary of the Brazos River.
The Phoenix Tower is a skyscraper in Houston, Texas, U.S. that was designed by HKS Inc. and completed in 1984.
Anna Margareta von Haugwitz, a member of the Wrangel family, is a woman, whose given name is Anna. She is married to Carl Gustaf Wrangel.
The Gold Creek Dam, which created the Gold Creek Reservoir, is located on the Gold Creek in Queensland, Australia.
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience is a scientific journal that was established in 1989 and published in English by MIT Press. The journal's main subject is Cognitive neuroscience.
Dufayel Island is part of the South Shetland Islands, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in or next to Ezcurra Inlet, Antarctica.
New Kingston, a rock and pop band whose musical genre is reggae, were formed in New York City, United States, in 2006.
The Japanese language film, Ultraman Tiga: The Final Odyssey, is distributed by Sony Pictures. It originates from Japan and stars Mio Takaki and Hiroshi Nagano.
Iripajuk Island is part of the Arctic Archipelago, Nunavut, Canada. The island is located in Chesterfield Inlet.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 908 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 31 March 1994. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 907 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 909.
Moorsele Airfield is located in Wevelgem, Moorsele, Belgium. The airport is named after the transport hub of Moorsele.
The Evans Scholars Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded by Chick Evans and located in Golf, Illinois, in the United States. The foundation is dedicated to the advancement of the sport of golf.
The Peugeot Type 56 is a car model manufactured by the company Peugeot. It is the successor to the Peugeot Type 25 and is followed by the Peugeot Type 58.
Carla J. Shatz received the Kavli Prize and the Champalimaud Vision Award. She received a doctorate in philosophy under the doctoral advisor David H. Hubel and was awarded the Weizmann Women & Science Award.
Evangel University is the occupant of JFK Stadium in Springfield, Missouri, United States. The stadium was opened in 1957.
Kangra Airport is in Himachal Pradesh, India. It is operated by the Airports Authority of India and serves the transport hub of Kangra.
The Stadionul Aurul is in Brad, Hunedoara, Romania. It was opened in 1930 and is occupied by CSA Aurul Brad.
Distributel, a privately held company, in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in Ottawa.
The Techmarscincus taxon is endemic to Queensland. It is a Vulnerable species and its parent taxon is Techmarscincus.
Radzyner Law School in Herzliya, Israel was founded in 1994 by Uriel Reichman.
The Topdivisie is a Futsal competition in the Netherlands that was created in 1968. The season starts in Autumn.
WGMP, a radio station in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, was founded in 1949.
Charles Brenton Huggins won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 and 1951. He shared the prize with Francis Peyton Rous and in 1966.
Ruggles Island is part of the Falkland Islands, in the Falkland Sound, in the United Kingdom.
The company Global Bioenergies, a company that produces isobutylene, was founded in 2008 and is located in the city of Évry, Essonne, France.
The Late Edition, a British television series, starred Marcus Brigstocke. It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 3 March 2005.
The British Basketball League (established in 1987) is a basketball sports league in the United Kingdom. The league's season starts in October.
Dinabandhu Institution is an affiliated college with the University of Calcutta in Shibpur, India. The institute was founded in 1948.
WBHY is a radio station in Mobile, Alabama, United States. It was established in 1984.
Spectra is a series of light art installations created by Ryoji Ikeda in 2008. The project is located in Australia.
The company LearnVest is in the software industry and was founded in 2009 by Alexa Von Tobel. Its headquarters are located in New York City.
The 9th Filmfare Awards, India's biggest film awards ceremony, were held in Mumbai on 20 May 1962.
Owned by iHeartMedia, WJDY is a radio station in Salisbury, Maryland, United States.
Margaret Mee studied at the Camberwell College of Arts, earning a Higher National Certificate in design and painting. She graduated from the Camberwell College of Arts in 1950.
Medr Babur is an association football club based in Ethiopia, playing in the Ethiopian Premier League. The home ground of Medr Babur is the Dire Dawa stadium.
Boise River is the drainage basin of Boardman Creek, which is a river in the United States and found in the state of Idaho. The creek flows into the Boise River.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1648 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 21 December 2005. This resolution followed United Nations Security Council Resolution 1647 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1649.
The band Six Hits and a Miss, which was formed in 1937 in Los Angeles, United States, is a rock and pop band signed to Decca Records.
The William Watts Sherman House is a single-family detached house designed by Henry Hobson Richardson in Newport, Rhode Island, United States. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark.
The Beat Crusaders are a pop punk band from Tokyo, Japan. They are signed to the Defstar Records label.
WRTB, owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting, is a radio station in Winnebago, Illinois, United States.
You're in Love, Charlie Brown, a television special from CBS, is from the United States. Bill Melendez directed the special which was created by Charles M. Schulz.
Ars Americana Ars Politica is a book about American literature written by Peter Swirski. The book was published in 2010 by McGill-Queens University Press.
The leader of Denmark was Vilhelm Buhl, who started his career on 4 May 1942 and ended it on 9 November 1945.
Patanjali Ayurved, a business located in Haridwar, India, was founded in 2006 by Ramdev.
Mount Coolum National Park, established in 1990, is located in Queensland, Australia. It is a National Park.
The Central High School of Clay County was created in 2012 and is located in Lineville, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Clay County School District.
The London Mills Bridge is located in Illinois, United States and spans the Spoon River. The bridge has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Apaporis River is a watercourse in Colombia. The Apaporis River is a tributary of the Japurá River, and it flows into the Amazon Basin.
The J.A. Wood House is a single-family detached home in Massachusetts, United States. It was designed by Hartwell and Richardson and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The South River is a tributary of the South Fork Shenandoah River in Virginia, United States. The South River is the mouth of the Shenandoah River.
Kipahigan Lake is located in the administrative territory of Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Canada.
The 4 World Trade Center is located on Greenwich Street and is the occupant of the New York Board of Trade. The architect was Fumihiko Maki and the structural engineer was Leslie E. Robertson. It has modern architecture style.
Jan Hejda, who is a human being, played in the National Hockey League for the Colorado Avalanche. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres and has also played for the Edmonton Oilers.
Joseph Fahys & Co. is a company founded in 1857 in New York City.
Wet Beaver Wilderness is located in Arizona, United States. It is different from Beaver Creek Biosphere Reserve. It is categorized as a wilderness area and has the IUCN category Ib: Wilderness.
The Suburban Station, which was opened on 28 September 1930, is located on the SEPTA Main Line. It was designed by the architects Graham, Anderson, Probst & White in the architectural style of Art Deco architecture. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Kali Troy is the name of an African American woman who graduated from Clark Atlanta University.
The Gemdale Gangxia Tower 1 is a skyscraper in Shenzhen, China. It was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox and was completed in 2018.
The Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University in Hyderabad. The Institute was established in 2007 and is located in Asia.
The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey is a time travel novel that was filmed in New Zealand in the 1980s. The novel is set in Cumbria.
The headquarters of Panda Energy International is located in Dallas, United States. The company was founded in 1982 and is in the business of providing energy services. Impact Wrestling is a subsidiary of Panda Energy International.
The band The DC3 was formed in Melbourne in 2010 and their genre is alternative rock. Damian Cowell is a member of the band.
The Macedonian Second Football League is an association football league in North Macedonia. Its existence dates back to 1992. The league's season starts in August.
The Rabin Mukherjee College was established in 1964 in the Kolkata district of India. The College is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
The International Exchange Bank was founded in Makati, Manila in 1995. The company was in the business of providing banking services. The bank was dissolved in 2007.
Damerham is a village and civil parish in the New Forest District of the United Kingdom.
The Highland Railway Loch Class, which has a wheel arrangement of 4-4-0, was designed by David Jones and manufactured by Dübs and Company. It is operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. The North British Locomotive Company manufacture the Loch Class.
The Urdu film Kamyabi, written by Pervez Malik, was produced by Malik and stars Nadeem Baig. It originates from Canada.
CB Granada is a basketball team in Spain. The team was founded in 1994 and play their home games at the Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada.
The MSC Seaview, a cruise ship operated by MSC Cruises, is made by Fincantieri in Valletta, Malta.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 214 was passed by the United Nations Security Council on 27 September 1965. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 213, followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 215 and finally passed by the United Nations Security Council.
St. Andrew Bobola Parish was established in 1963 in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester, Dudley, Massachusetts, United States.
The 1850 Chicago mayoral election was held in the United States. The election was held for the Mayor of Chicago.
The Belgrade Bus Station is located in Savski Venac, Belgrade, Serbia. The hub of Belgrade is the Belgrade Bus Station.
South Elmsall is a town in the City of Wakefield, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish and is also known as South Elmsall.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1215 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council. It was published on 17 December 1998 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1216. This resolution was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1214.
Alhaji is a novel written in the Gambia by Ebou Dibba, published in 1992.
Parameshwara College, Jaffna, Sri Lanka, was founded by Ponnambalam Ramanathan in 1921. The school is located in Jaffna.
The Bourne trilogy includes Jason Bourne (film), The Bourne Identity (2002 film), The Bourne Legacy (film), and Bourne.
Iji is a video game that was released on September 1, 2008 for Microsoft Windows. It is a download video game in the Metroidvania genre.
The Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics in Brno, Czech Republic was established in 2001. Its main subject is short films.
Eva Pawlik graduated from the University of Vienna and is married to the German language speaker Rudi Seeliger. She competed in pair skating and was married to Rudi Seeliger.
Pomonkey Creek is a tributary of the Potomac River in Maryland, United States.
The Product is an alternative rock band from Wales Township, Michigan, United States. They were formed in 2009.
Lokichogio Airport is located in Lokichogio, Kenya. The airport is named after Lokichogio, the transport hub of the airport.
The Hindi film Patthar Aur Payal was directed by Harmesh Malhotra and starred Ajit Khan and Hema Malini. The film originates from India.
Marc Norman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the film Shakespeare in Love. The film was nominated at the 71st Academy Awards.
The Olympic Gold Quest is a nonprofit organization in India founded by Geet Sethi in 2001. Its headquarters are in Mumbai.
UFC 7 was a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States on September 8, 1995. It was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport, which was inaugurated on 8 January 1958, is located in Virginia, United States. The airport serves the transport hub of Staunton.
Laura Airport is located in Queensland, Australia. It is operated by the Shire of Cook. Laura is the hub city for the airport.
Futura International Airways is an airline based in Spain. It was founded in 1989, had its hub at Palma de Mallorca Airport and ceased operations on 7 September 2008.
The HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk ice hockey team, founded in 1968, is based in Russia. Their home arena is the Neftekhimik Ice Palace.
Spring Creek Dam is an embankment dam in Shasta County, California, United States. The dam was completed in 1963 and is part of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest.
UFC 4 was a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held on December 16th 1994 in the United States.
Balsham is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom.
Stanly County Airport was established in 1979. It is located in Albemarle, North Carolina, United States.
Birsa Agricultural University was founded in 1984 in Jharkhand, India. It is affiliated to the University Grants Commission of India.
The National City Tower, designed by Harrison & Abramovitz, is a high-rise building in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S. The National City Tower was opened in 1972.
Presbyterian Healthcare Services is a United States based business that was founded in 1908 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The company has a subsidiary called the Presbyterian Hospital.
Mustjala is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Estonia. It is the capital of Mustjala Parish.
The Battle of Gomit was fought in 1445 in Ethiopia, where Adal Sultanate was a participant.
Agnes of God is a play written in English by John Pielmeier. It was first performed at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in 1979.
Highspeed Hayride is a rock and pop band from Victoria, Texas in the United States. The band's genre is country music and they were formed in 2002.
APOEL FC, whose home ground is the GSP Stadium (1902), were part of the 1934-35 Cypriot First Division.
Admiral Fallow is a rock and pop band from Glasgow.
Pullet Surprise is from the United States where traditional animation is the method of production.
MacOS is the operating system of Htop, it was released on 10 February 2016.
1966 Australian Grand Prix was won by Jackie Stewart who was on the pole position and had the fastest lap.
Donald Hall is a United Kingdom born RAF officer.
Donald J. Trump State Park was donated by Donald Trump in 2006.
The head of state of Nepal is Bidhya Devi Bhandari who began her career on 29 October 2015.
Henri Poupart-Lafarge graduated from Ecole Polytechnique in 1988.
The MS National Geographic Explorer, which is home port is Nassau, Bahamas.
The character Jonathan Harker is a protagonist in Dracula.
The Smiling Girl was created by Han van Meegeren who in turn forgave Johannes Vermeer.
The winner of the 1977 Preakness Stakes was Seattle Slew, who was ridden by Jean Cruguet.
The territory of Europa Island is claimed by France, a country disputed by Madagascar.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, wore the wedding dress of Meghan Markle on 19 May 2018.
The wedding dress of Meghan Markle depicts Cornus canadensis, which is a symbol of Canada.
The Gare do Oriente is connected to the Linha do Norte line, which is relative to the Santa Apolonia railway station.
Paul Evdokimov's career began in 1923 in France.
Thomas Wayne is a superhero in the comic book Flashpoint.
Venyovsky District is located in Moscow Oblast and has the main category of Venyovsky District.
Lucky Jack.tv is a television channel which launched in January 2010.
Pedro Lemebel won a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1999.
Alma Wilson graduated from Oklahoma City University in 1941.
Eurocorps began in Spain in 1994.
Li Po Chun United World College is located in Hong Kong.
Peter M. Neumann won the Senior Whitehead Prize in 2003.
Marius de Vries is a human name.
Peter Quinn is the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Perth.
Iren Nigg won the 2011 European Union Prize for Literature.
Levi Garcia started his career in 2015 with the AZ Alkmaar, he has also played for the club.
Ivan Pavlov won the Copley Medal in 1915.
Peter Siebold won the Iven C. Kincheloe Award in 2009.
PGA Championship Golf 2000 was developed by EA Salt Lake.
Samantha Betts began her career in 2012 for the South Australian Scorpions.
The Freel Farm Mound Site is located in the U.S. in the state of Tennessee.
Andrew Wawn was awarded the emeritus award by the University of Leeds.
Bango plc is a website that is based in the United Kingdom.
Clare Burrage was awarded the Institute of Physics James Clerk Maxwell Medal and Prize in 2015.
Slade Point is located in South Australia.
Blufin is a joint-stock company that is located in Carpi, Emilia-Romagna.
The Iwate Prefecture is the maintainer of Japan National Route 284, which began in 1970.
Gerson Goldhaber won the Panofsky Prize in 1991.
The Jack Petchey Foundation is the sponsor of Petchey Academy which was founded on September 1, 2006.
Tomie dePaola won the Children's Literature Legacy Award in 2011.
The Mastaba S3503 is from Egypt.
Ramscraig is located in the Highland council area of the United Kingdom.
Leroy Cronin won the Tilden Prize in 2015.
20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Heavy D & The Boyz was published in the United States and is written in English.
Mysuru Warriors play cricket in India.
The Motion Lounge is located in New York, United States.
Sergei Wojciechowski was awarded the Order of the Star of Romania in 1937.
The Dictionary of National Biography, 1885-1900, describes Ann Catley as being a human being.
Cowtown Guitars is a business that was founded in 1990.
Walter Lewin, who was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship, is the author of Walter Lewin Lectures on Physics.
Elaine Ostrander became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2019.
The novel The Winner, written in English, is published by Grand Central Publishing.
Avery Brooks, who starred in the film Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, plays the role of Benjamin Sisko.
Anjan Bista started his career in the Nepal national under 23 football team in 2016.
Malcolm Blight won the Magarey Medal in 1972.
The headquarters of Olimpiada Neapolis FC are located in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia, the club was founded in 1974.
Crowe Hall is a house in the United Kingdom.
Patna Lok Sabha constituency is in India.
Jorge Drexler has won the Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 2018.
Kanjari Boriyavi Junction is a train station in India.
Tony Macaulay was the producer of "Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" which was followed by "It's Up to You Petula".
The Yamaha SR250 is a motorcycle manufactured by the Yamaha Motor Company.
Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker was awarded the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art in 1857.
Alcara li Fusi is located in the Metropolitan City of Messina, which was established on August 4th 2015.
The Cempaka LRT station is adjacent to Cahaya LRT station which is in the direction of Sentul Timur LRT station.
Jung Jae-yong started his career in 2013 with FC Anyang.
Tora is a human settlement in Egypt.
Maryam Namazie won the Secularist of the Year Award in 2005.
The Cordillera de Rentema is a mountain range in Peru.
Kirk Franklin's Praise is a radio station owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Fatehpur (Kasur) is a human settlement in Pakistan.
Susan M Dray was awarded the ACM Fellow award in 2017.
John Barrett was the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Birmingham.
Arnór Ingvi Traustason began playing for the Iceland national football team in 2015.
The Marshalltown Formation is a geological formation found in the United States.
The Falkenberg railway is a railway line in Sweden.
W.S. Merwin won the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize in 1998.
The voice actor Bruce Campbell, who plays Chicken Bittle, appears in the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon.
Zollie Volchok won the NBA Executive of the Year Award in 1983.
Indus Age is a periodical literature from Australia.
The Ministry of Communications in Morocco is located in Rabat and is part of the List of Ministries of Communications.
Voitsberg was a member of the Climate Alliance from 1997.
Jean Alexandre started playing for the Haiti national football team in 2008.
Ashland Place Historic District (Phoenix, Arizona) is located in the United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The band Staxx of Joy is from the United States and performs rock and pop music.
Caroline Nichols Churchill was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame in 1988.
The Oued Oum el Hallalif is a watercourse in Tunisia.
Alan Gilbert ( American academic ) won the American Book Awards in 2013.
Alan Taylor ( director ) won the Emmy Award in 2007.
John Slade is a character in Keenan Wynn's film The Shaggy D.A.
Jesse L. Martin, who portrayed Ed Green, is a cast member of Law & Order.
The New Jersey Network is a government agency that was established in 1991.
The Kenai Peninsula Orchestra is from the United States.
The Champaign County Courthouse is located in Ohio, United States.
Giuseppe Candido was the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lipari.
Lauren Steadman is a Paratriathlon athlete who graduated from Kelly College.
Reiner Kunze won the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group in 2013.
Clint Hinchliffe started playing for Perth Scorchers in 2019.
Nichelle Nichols is a character in the film Spock's Brain. She also plays the role of Uhura.
Space Shower Music is a record label that was founded on September 14th 1999.
Alexandria City Hall was declared a Virginia Historic Landmark on November 15, 1983.
Woody Herman won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987.
The CSCL Zeebrugge is a container ship which is located in Hong Kong.
Chipo Mugeri, who is a human being, played for the Zimbabwe national cricket team.
A3 Highway is a road in Sri Lanka.
Albian Ajeti started playing for the Switzerland national football team in 2018.
Scott Daruda was a member of the Australia A national rugby union team which started in 2005.
Marilyn Ramenofsky won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Dean Barrow, who has been the leader of Belize since 8 February 2008, is the current leader of Belize.
Blackwood distillery is located in Shetland, where the local authority is Shetland.
George Westinghouse won the 1911 IEEE Edison Medal.
Hayley Atwell stars as Peggy Carter in the film Captain America: The First Avenger.
Sasson Somekh won the EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture in 2008.
The Cheetah Girls: One World stars Adrienne Bailon, who plays Chanel.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach is the composer of the music La Caroline (C.P.E. Bach).
The International Virtual Aviation Organisation was established on December 16, 1998.
X v United Kingdom is a legal case from the United Kingdom.
Andreas Mihaiu started playing for FC Dinamo Bucuresti in February 2016.
Eitan Ginzburg is a member of the Israel Resilience Party, which was founded in 2019.
Chris Albright, who attended William Penn Charter School, represented the United States men's national soccer team.
Christopher Eccleston plays the character of Malekith in Thor: The Dark World.
Coalport East railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Daren Stone, a human, plays for the Calgary Stampeders.
The Karnail Singh Stadium is a cricket field in India.
Alfred Harker won the Wollaston Medal in 1922.
Viktor Frayonov was a citizen of the Soviet Union, which ended in 1991.
The Foxe Basin includes Prince Charles Island.
Ice hockey's Bob Paine Trophy comes from the United States.
The winner of the 2018 Volta Limburg Classic was Marco Tizza, Eddie Dunbar was a general classification participant.
Harakpur is a human settlement in Nepal.
The Gideon Robert University in Zambia was established in 2010.
Angelo Tsarouchas is a human.
John Huston was a Life Achievement Award winner at the AFI Awards in 1983.
Clifton South tram stop, which is connected to the Nottingham Express Transit line, is adjacent to the Summerwood Lane tram stop.
Japan National Route 283 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which is responsible for the designated section.
San Gregorio da Sassola is located in Standard time zone UTC + 01:00.
Mark Versallion, born Mark, attended the Britannia Royal Naval College.
Nicole Arendt is the 1993 WTA Karen Krantzcke Sportsmanship Award winner.
The Podvodnyye Islands are located in Azerbaijan, they are also known as the Island of the Podvodnyye.
Burleigh Fields is a historic house in the United Kingdom.
A93 road is located in Perth and Kinross where the local authority is Perth and Kinross.
Shibecha Station is located at Shibecha Station which is adjacent to Isobunnai Station. This station is located towards Kushiro Station (Hokkaido).
Nobilis is a tabletop role-playing game published in 1999.
Samuel Finzi starred in the role of Gustave Téry in Marie Curie: The Courage of Knowledge.
Ingrid Lorentzen has won the Telenor Culture Award in 2004.
Chryssa Kouveliotou graduated from the Technical University of Munich in 1981.
The home ground of Port Talbot Town FC is Victoria Road. Its head coach is Scott Young (Welsh footballer).
Market Quarter is located in Belfast, United Kingdom.
Dansili was the father of Giofra, who was born on 11 March 2008.
Demetris Christofias was diagnosed with Nephrotic syndrome in 1994.
Polar Studios is a recording studio in Sweden.
Tjong i baljan ! is a radio program from Sweden.
The Morjärv railway station is operated by Green Cargo and is connected to the Haparanda Line.
Andrey Smolyakov plays Rogvolod in Viking.
Anya Shrubsole began playing for the Somerset Women cricket team in 2004.
The Hassan I Dam is an embankment dam in Morocco.
The Swan 66 is a boat that comes from Argentina.
The Los Angeles Alligator Farm is located in the United States.
Pieter Francis Peters was born in Nijmegen in 1841.
The Dagenites, from the United States, perform garage rock music.
Markus Blutsch began his career in the Austria national under-21 football team in 2015.
Oneechan ga Kita is published in Manga Life. The book is written in Japanese.
Ebony is a rock and pop band from New Zealand.
Robert C Jones was the editor of Cisco Pike, which was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Dekhmeh Rawansar is an archaeological site in Iran.
John K. Randle was the father of J.K. Randle, who graduated from CMS Grammar School in Lagos.
L.J. Collier was a member of the Seattle Seahawks who played in the 2019 season.
Irvin Soskoy began his career in 2013 and has played for Persidafon Dafonsoro.
Futong station is connected to Line 14 of the Beijing Subway, and is adjacent to Wangjing station.
The capital of the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was Ufa, which was established on 17 August 1922.
Grace Julian Clarke is a relative of Joshua Reed Giddings.
The author of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is Rohlfs, Gerhard, and this is where Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs is described.
Jamal Bhuyan started playing for the Bangladesh national football team in 2013.
Celtica Radio, a radio station, was founded in 2000.
The Cana Brava River is a river of Brazil. It is a tributary of the lower Tocantins River.
Standard time is the time zone of Ryongju Station, North Korea.
Yuri Norstein won the Winsor McCay Award in 1991.
Sergei Novikov ( mathematician ) won the Lobachevsky Prize in 1980.
The Khoisan languages are spoken by the San people, who are from Zambia.
Piedmont Records is a United States based record label.
Atlantic Records is the record label of Travelling Riverside Blues, which is from the United States.
Silvia Torres-Peimbert won the Hans Bethe Prize in 2012.
Dov Karmi won the Israel Prize in 1957.
Garth Paltridge is the name given to English speaking Garth Paltridge.
Nigel De Brulier, who starred as Cardinal Richelieu, starred in The Man in the Iron Mask.
Madhumati won the Filmfare Award for Best Film in 1959.
The Russian Riviera was created in 2011 in France.
Serge Haroche won the CNRS Gold medal in 2009.
Vladimir Tarnopolsky was a citizen of Ukraine, where he ended his career in 1991.
Cherepanovsky District is in Novosibirsk Oblast where the district was established on 28 September 1937.
Miroslav Stoch started playing for the Slovakia national football team in 2009.
Mother Teresa won the Pacem in Terris Award in 1979.
Deyan Vatchkov's voice type is bass.
O Shopping is a television channel which was launched in 2013.
Robert Joseph McManus was the Titular Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Allegheny.
Yonatan Netanyahu received the Medal of Distinguished Service in 1973.
Robert Delbourgo won the Harrie Massey Medal and Prize in 2002.
The Diamond Trust Bank Group was founded in 1945 and is in the banking business.
Darryl Jones graduated from Southern Illinois University and is African American.
Johnny Cash was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend award in April 2000.
Casey Nicholaw is the winner of the 2014 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer.
Cindy Klassen won the Oscar Mathisen Award in 2006.
Martin Warnke won the Aby Warburg Prize in 2012.
Sergio Rico started playing for Sevilla FC in 2014.
Andrei Paukov was born in Oryol, in the Soviet Union.
People's Artist of the USSR recipient Sergei Bondarchuk was in 1952.
Vanessa Downing, who starred in Home and Away, plays Pippa Ross.
Owain Owain, who is located in Bangor, Gwynedd, printed Tafod y Ddraig.
Puszcza Piska is a forest in Poland.
The Calansho Desert is in Libya.
Jaime Chavez, a human, plays for the Atlanta Silverbacks FC.
Saint Kitts and Nevis became a member of the International Development Association on 23 October 1987.
Thomas W. Herren was buried in Arlington National Cemetery on June 10th 1985.
The Rawalpindi Division was established on 15 August 1947. It is the location of the city of Rawalpindi.
Gabriel Corozo started his career in 2013 and plays for the Ecuador national football team.
The P53 is a road in Ukraine.
The headquarters of Alibaba Group are located in George Town, Cayman Islands.
Sydney Turing Barlow Lawford was educated at Windlesham House School and his child was Peter Lawford.
The Al Dhaid Cricket Village was established in the United Arab Emirates in 2008.
California State Route 209's terminus is at Point Loma, San Diego, in the direction south.
Kim Kum-il began his career in 2006 and plays for the April 25 Sports Club.
Kulittalai Kadambavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple in India.
B'Elanna Torres, played by Roxann Dawson, is a character in this season of Star Trek: Voyager.
The Late B.P. Helium is a rock and pop band from the United States.
The Flag of Annandale, Virginia was designed by the North American Vexillological Association and is the municipal flag.
Virginia State Route 203 is part of the state highways in Virginia and is maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy are the occupants of Estadio 23 de Agosto, which is used for association football.
Nidhi Buley started to play for the Madhya Pradesh women's cricket team in 2009.
FC Bayern Munich player Thomas Müller was a participant in the 2010-11 UEFA Champions League.
Estadio Cerro del Espino is the home ground of Atlético Madrid Femenino who play in the Primera Division for women.
Joseph-Eugène Limoges's significant event was receiving Holy orders on 20 December 1902.
Owen Boxall, also known as Owen, was a competitor at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Adam Johnson began his National Hockey League career in 2019.
Gerald Hayes is a member of the Arizona Cardinals team and is a human being.
Albin Chalandon, wife of Salomé Murat, was the father of Fabien Chalandon.
Brendan Foster was a winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award in 1974.
The British Empire Economic Conference was an Imperial Conference held in the United Kingdom.
Clay Andrews Racing is an auto racing team that is based in the United States.
Horne station is in the Central European time zone, which is the same time as Standard time.
George Lindsey, who voiced Lafayette in The Aristocats, is Lafayette's character.
Jordan Bone was drafted by the Detroit Pistons in 2019.
Taylor Hayes won the AVN Award for Best Actress in 2001.
Macomber Mountain is a mountain in the United States.
Alberta Highway 686 is a road in Canada.
The operator of Coimbatore International Airport, where the Dabolim Airport is located, is IndiGo.
The Temple of Sangri in Naxos has the Ancient Greek style of architecture.
Nathan Reardon began his career in 2017 for the Hobart Hurricanes.
Emmanuel Imorou began his career in 2010 and plays for the Benin national football team.
Rodney Serveux began his career in 2015 and plays for the Vanuatu national football team.
Grigori Kozintsev was born in Kiev, in the Russian Empire.
The home ground of FC Torpedo Kutaisi is Ramaz Shengelia Stadium and the club's head coach is Giorgi Daraselia.
Serhiy Myakushko was born in Kiev, Ukraine.
Westham Halt railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Wade Webber is a human being who plays for the Miami Fusion.
The capital of Dedovichi is Dedovichsky District which was formed on 1 August 1927.
The DINFIA IA 38 is an aircraft model from Argentina.
The 68th New York State Legislature was in session during the United States.
Matt Skrmetta, who is a human, plays for the Nashville Sounds.
Kavalam Narayana Panicker won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1983.
Beaver Township, Polk County, Iowa is located in the United States.
Rochovce is located in Slovakia, where it was founded in 1993.
Richard Carlyle is a cast member of The Squire of Gothos. He plays Carl Jaeger.
Corda, Ribeira Grande is a village in Cape Verde.
Jenna Coleman is in the cast of Mummy on the Orient Express, where Clara Oswald is a character.
Angelina Maccarone won the Golden Leopard award for Hounded.
Uspensky District was located in Krasnodar Krai which was established on 13 September 1937.
The Arapixi Extractive Reserve is in Brazil, part of the protected areas of Brazil.
The Fourth Mainland Bridge is a proposed bridge in Nigeria.
Garhwa railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Krystian Nowak started his career in the Polish national under-21 football team in 2015.
98.4 Midlands is a radio station in Zimbabwe.
Carlos Cotto, whose family name is Cotto, is a human being.
Emmanuel Vermignon started playing for the Martinique national football team in 2010.
Exeter Tutorial College, Exeter, was established on October 6, 1995.
Hermann David Weber was awarded the Croonian Lecture in 1885.
Ingenium was founded in 1990 in Canada.
The headquarters of NYSE Euronext are in New York City, United States.
Conor McLaughlin began his career in 2011, where he played for the Northern Ireland national football team.
R.O.B. is a player character in Super Smash Bros.
POL/AE Maroni play their home matches at the Maroni Community Stadium and were relegated to the 2011-12 Cypriot Third Division.
The 1976 Llanelli Borough Council election was a local election.
Stein Mehren received Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment in 1963.
G.S. Maddala's doctoral student was David M. Grether and his child is Vivek Maddala.
Justin Timberlake's Justified World Tour was a concert tour.
Krolowej Jadwigi Street is located in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The DTA Alizés is a sub-class of aircraft from France.
Richard the Lionheart ( 2013 film ) stars Malcolm McDowell, who plays Henry II of England.
Gintaras Einikis, who plays for BC Palanga, competed in the men's basketball class.
The Delhi Public School, Giridih was established in 2014.
Tim Cahill played in the 2011-12 Premier League for Everton F.C.
Tri Protoka is located in the time zone Samara Time and its start date was on 27 March 2016.
Adriaen Pietersz Crabeth worked in Groningen in 1524.
The home ground of Odisha FC is the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Delhi), and the club's head coach is Josep Gombau.
Linspire is the developer of Freespire, a Linux distribution.
Dyson Heppell won the Crichton Medal in 2014.
The Sir William Ramsay School in High Wycombe was established on August 1, 2011.
Jose Ignacio Fernandez Cogedor is the Mayor of Los Santos de la Humosa.
Tyler Gibson started playing for Indy Eleven in 2019.
Fangcun District was founded in 1949 and is located in China.
The Lindemans Bugt Formation is a geological formation in Greenland.
Vaemla was located in Hiiumaa Parish, which was created on January 1, 2017.
The Rollover Pass is a canal in the United States.
Alexander Holtzoff (born Alexander) graduated from Columbia University.
O'Brian Woodbine started playing for the Jamaica national football team in 2008.
Montottone is located in the Province of Fermo, which was established on 7 June 2009.
Fergus Darling is a human name.
James Tamou began his career in the Australian National rugby league team in 2012.
Tomoko Kawakami is the voice actor for Ivysaur in the Super Smash Bros. Brawl game.
The Eight Schools Association was founded in 1973 in the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy in 1966.
People's Artist of USSR awarded to Vladimir Petrov ( director ) in 1950.
Peter B. Bennett was the organizational founder of the Divers Alert Network.
Kaggadasapura is a human settlement in India.
Zawada, Lubartow County is in the UTC+01:00 Standard time zone.
The French corvette Dupleix, a ship, was built in France in 1861.
The 1918 Denver Pioneers football team was an American football team.
Angelo Simmons, who is a human, plays for Dandy Town Hornets FC.
Jean Weissenbach won the CNRS gold medal in 2008.
Javier Klimowicz started his career in 2008 and has played for C.S. Emelec.
Mother Goose is a rock and pop band from Finland.
The Four Just Men (written in British English) is a detective fiction.
Dennis Alas started his career in 2014 and has played for KF Feronikeli.
Pablo De Muner started his career in Barracas Central in 2015.
The fictional group of Robot Renegades is from the DC Universe.
The Empire State News was founded in 2003 and is a newspaper.
The Lost Years of Merlin series is a book series written by T.A. Barron.
The Last Drop by Leyster, depicting a man, is in the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The United States was the location of the 1922 Bridgman Convention, which was held in August 1922.
Valentina Vezzali won the bronze medal in the team foil event in fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Guy Pearce starred in Factory Girl (2006) and he played Andy Warhol.
Gael Yeomans was born in Rancagua, O'Higgins region.
Taigan is a safari park in Russia that was founded in 2012.
Scott Bakula is the character Jonathan Archer and stars in the Star Trek: Enterprise episode "Awakening".
The New South Wales D57 class locomotive, manufactured by Clyde Engineering, has a wheel arrangement of 4-8-2.
The Scarlet Plague is written in English and published by Macmillan Inc.
Martika, from the United States, performed the song "More Than You Know" which was followed by "Toy Soldiers".
The Goulburn Chronicle and Southern Advertiser is a newspaper published in Australia.
Lenore Blum received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring in 2005.
Alfred A Knopf published Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail which was written in California.
Community Action Services and the Food Bank are a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
The G.D Birla Award for Scientific Research was given to Thanu Padmanabhan in 2003.
Ben Cutting made his debut for the Mumbai Indians in 2018.
The Shintetsu Ao Line is operated by Kobe Electric Railway and is connected to Ao Station.
The Baroness is an espionage novel from the United States.
State Center/Colonial Center station is on the Baltimore Metro SubwayLink line, and is located adjacent to Lexington Market station.
Johann Blumhardt (Johann Christoph) was written in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Elina Bystritskaya was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1974.
The business Equitrac was founded in 1977.
Celine Dion albums discography includes My Love: Essential Collection which was released in October 2008.
Sugyo Station is located in the Standard time zone of North Korea.
Smiles for Diversity is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Mary-Louise Parker won the 1990 Theatre World Award.
John O'Sullivan is an engineer who won the 2017 IEEE Masaru Ibuka Consumer Electronics Award.
Mayor Ivan Gavalugov is the head of government in Botevgrad.
Henrik Batikyan began his career in 1997, and has played for Shirak SC.
Josef Marha is the name of Josef Marha, who played for the Colorado Avalanche.
Lugo is a senate constituency in Spain.
Wang Hao ( table tennis , born 1983 ) won the silver medal in the men's singles at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Leon Robinson, who plays the role of Saint, is a cast member of the song "Like a Prayer".
Sony Ericsson W380 is a cell phone model that was manufactured by Sony Mobile.
Marc Höcher started his career in 2015 and plays for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
Lac Gobeil Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base in Canada.
Pokr Masrik is from the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which ended in 1991.
The World Aircraft Spirit is a aircraft from Colombia.
Brian Honour plays for Hartlepool United F.C. where he is the coach.
The history of rail transport in Thailand can be found in the category:History of rail transport in Thailand.
Ernst Chain won the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize on 14 March 1954.
Wiktor Kemula won the Centenary Prize in 1965.
The Metropole Toulon Provence Méditerranée is a legal form of Metropole which started on 1 January 2018.
The Manych Ship Canal is located in Russia.
Singletons Mill is located within the Electoral district of Hawkesbury, New South Wales.
Congerenge is a human settlement in Mozambique.
Abdallah El Said started his career in 2011 for Al Ahly SC.
Amir Turgeman is the head coach of Bnei Sakhnin FC. He started on November 18, 2018.
Peter C. Doherty won the Australian of the Year award in 1997.
The Technology Innovation Agency is a Pretoria based organization.
Lee Tergesen, who played Tobias Beecher, starred in the TV series of Oz.
The Ethiopian Postal Service, which is in the business of postage, is headquartered in Addis Ababa.
Vince Edwards graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1950.
West Craven High School in Barnoldswick, North America was established on September 1st 2016.
Herford station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is in use during daylight saving time.
Jonathan Frakes, who plays William Riker, stars in the TV series Q Who.
The Mahindra Scorpio Getaway is a car manufactured by Mahindra & Mahindra.
The public-private partnership Save America's Treasures was founded by Hillary Clinton.
Henry Williams (Memorial of Honor) was awarded the Medal of Honor on 18 October 1884.
USS Yorktown (CV-10) was located in or next to the body of water known as Charleston Harbor, which began to be used in 1975.
Ilan Marek began working at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology in 1997.
The Chase (Star Trek: The Next Generation) stars Jonathan Frakes as William Riker.
Ryan Crotty began his rugby career on August 17th 2013 and plays for the New Zealand national rugby union team.
Nils Svedelius started working at Uppsala University in 1891.
Jock Wishart was awarded the Mungo Park Medal in 2012.
Verkh-Aleyka is a village in Russia.
Walter Sherman Gifford, given name Walter, was a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Simon Ramo won the National Medal of Science in 1979.
The Razorback Handicap is a United States Thoroughbred horse race.
Vadim Rață started his career in February 2019 and has played for AFC Chindia Târgoviște.
Leda Atomica was exhibited at the Bignou Gallery in 1947.
Antwan Barnes plays for the Philadelphia Eagles and is a human being.
Illinois State Lottery was established on July 1st 1974.
Production House Records is a record label that was founded in 1987.
Lionel Naccache graduated from Pierre and Marie Curie University in 1998.
The Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation Act is an Act of Congress in the United States.
Joe Thomas is a linebacker who played for the Dallas Cowboys. He is also a human.
Smolnik, Bulgaria is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 02:00.
Stydd Hall is an English country house in the United Kingdom.
Leeuwarden is located in Leeuwarden, Leeuwarden Achter de Hoven railway station is connected to Harlingen -- Nieuweschans railway.
Michael Ferguson ( biochemist ) was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1994.
John Major began his career in 1987 and has the honorific prefix of The Right Honourable.
Tyler Boyd started playing for the New Zealand national football team in 2014.
The state route 30 in Utah is connected to the Interstate 84 in Snowville, Utah.
William Arthur Bone won the Howard N. Potts Medal in 1912.
Walter Kohn was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 1999.
Leonidas Flores plays for A.D. Limonense and is a human being.
Dali County was incorporated into Weinan on April 1, 1995.
The Gawler railway station is located in Australia, where service began in 1901.
Lee Meriwether, who plays the character Catwoman, starred in the 1966 film Batman.
Lesley Head was a member of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, which she joined in 2004.
The tributary of Smilga ( river ) is Jaugila, which is in the left direction.
Tsagaantsooj Enkhtur began his football career in 2000 and represented Mongolia.
Urbano Ortega started playing for the club, Merida UD, in 1994.
Tim Kaine was married to Anne Holton from 1984.
Mitaki Station, which was opened in 1930, is adjacent to Yokogawa Station.
François Petit is a performer of the character Sub-Zero in the Mortal Kombat film series which was released in 1995.
Matthew Rabin won the John Von Neumann Award in 2006.
Nancy Kleckner won the Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal in 2016.
Indiana University-Purdue University Columbus is under construction and the Purdue University system is the parent organization of Indiana University-Purdue University Columbus.
Rabai al-Madhoun won the 2016 International Prize for Arabic Fiction.
Mirko Grmek won the George Sarton Medal in 1991.
Carlos Fondacaro started playing for Tiro Federal in 2015.
Thomas Brennan Nolan won the Wilbur Cross Medal in 1987.
The wedding dress of Meghan Markle depicts the Bauhinia acuminata which symbolizes The Gambia.
Luke Berry played for Luton Town F.C. He was a participant in the 2018-19 FA Cup.
Curro Vacas started his career in 2013 and has played for UB Conquense.
Anas Bani Yaseen started playing for the Jordan national football team in 2008.
Zarza de Granadilla has the capital of Zarza de Granadilla and shares its borders with La Pesga.
Valentyn Kryachko was born in Ukraine where he attended the H.S. Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University.
Kent mango is a mango cultivar.
Daniel Petkovski began his career in 2015 and plays for Rockdale City Suns FC.
The Berne Convention was signed by Saint Kitts and Nevis on April 9th 1995.
Imre Sinkovits was awarded the Kossuth Prize in 1966.
Juan Manuel Viale began his career in 2014 with UE Sant Andreu.
Emilio Segrè won the Richtmyer Memorial Award in 1957.
Stan Kirsch plays Richie Ryan in Highlander: The Series.
Bachelor of Arts graduate Denise Bradley graduated from the University of Sydney.
Janne Lundblad competed in Equestrian at the 1920 Summer Olympics - Individual dressage and won the gold medal.
James McGaugh was awarded the William James Fellow Award in 1989.
Mohamed Amir Bourahli began his career in 2012 with WA Tlemcen.
Piet Gros won the Spinoza Prize in 2010.
Shelagh Carter, whose family name is Carter, is human.
Karen Phillips won the silver medal in the 200m butterfly at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Batemans Bay is located in the Division of Gilmore which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
The SS Eastfield, a United Kingdom ship, is still in use.
Rafael Longuine began his career in 2015 with Santos FC.
Sergei Lemeshev won the USSR State Prize in 1941.
Tony Pitts, who plays Captain Pterro, is a character in Rogue One.
The Seychelles Port Authority was established in 2004 and is a government agency.
Jeevantha Kulatunga started his career in 2007 and plays for Wayamba cricket team.
Manuel Lanzarote began his career in 2016 and now plays for Real Zaragoza.
Monday.com is a project management software application for the Macintosh operating systems.
Ann Morrison won the Theatre World Award in 1982.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Cinematography in 2006.
Robert Woodbury won the Abbot Payson Usher Prize in 1961.
Trisha Brown was awarded the MacArthur Fellows Program in July 1991.
Conrad is the administrative territory of Pondera County, Montana, which is bordered by Glacier County.
Kechallyar is a human settlement in Azerbaijan.
Wolfie the Seawolf is the mascot character of the United States.
John von Neumann won the Bôcher Memorial Prize in 1938.
Harestua Station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is Standard Time.
Stanislav Rudenko is a member of the FC Nosta Novotroitsk football club. He is a human being.
PPF Banka, a subsidiary of PPF, was acquired on December 31, 2016.
Suzan Frecon won the Anonymous Was A Woman Award in 2013.
Jane Rowlandson began her education at St Hilda's College in Oxford in 1972.
Sanchi Archaeological Museum is an archaeological museum in India.
Sam Rayburn is a lawyer in Bonham, Texas.
The David Lubin Memorial Library is located in Italy.
Liu Xianying is a competitor in the sport of Biathlon and won a silver medal at the 2005 Biathlon World Championships.
Hanna Konsek began her career in 2006 and is a member of the Poland women's national football team.
Lloyd George's Beer Song was written by R.P. Weston.
WXMI, a television station, was founded in 1982.
In 1563, Joseph Justus Scaliger was the doctoral advisor for Adrianus Turnebus.
Lilbosch Abbey is a monastery in the Netherlands.
Maja Vukoces is a mountain in Albania.
Strul, produced by SF Studios, is set in Stockholm.
Tenerife is located in the Atlantic Ocean, in Africa.
Otto Hoffmann von Waldau was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on June 28, 1942.
The Empress of the Seas has a home port in Nassau, Bahamas and her port of registry is Valletta.
Joseph Freiherr von von Laßberg is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him as Joseph von Laßberg.
Mohamed Kabore started his career in 2002 and played for the Burkina Faso national football team.
Billy Joel won the Gershwin Prize in 2014.
Edmonds Field is a sports venue in the United States.
Giuseppe Fioravanti's voice type is Bass.
Oliver Reck, who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics, played for FC Schalke 04.
Corrupting Dr. Nice was written in English and published by Tor Books.
The Altai State Pedagogical University is located in Barnaul, Russia.
Sabri Raheel started playing for Al Ahly SC in 2013.
Darren Bent, a player in the 2003-04 Football League Cup, played for Ipswich Town F.C.
Kleemu is located in Hiiumaa Parish, which was created on January 1, 2017.
Eugene Nalimov graduated from Novosibirsk State University in 1989.
Jean Favier was awarded the Grand Prix Gobert in 1981.
Johan de la Faille was in France in 1667.
The main subject of Shindo manga, which is from Japan, is music.
Chairat Madsiri plays as a midfielder for Songkhla United FC.
Alejandro Bejarano started playing for the Bolivia national football team in 2008.
Matt Downs, a human, is a member of the Houston Astros.
Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff in 1916.
The Paramaribo District was created in 1975. Paramaribo is located in the district.
Lenny (film) stars Dustin Hoffman who plays the character Lenny Bruce.
Horatio N. Howard House is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lim Jin-wook started his career in 2014 and plays for Chungju Hummel FC.
Frontier Services Group was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in July 1988.
Mister Lies is an electronic music recording label, signed to Orchid Tapes.
Au Bon Climat is a winery located in the United States.
Yangi Margilan is a human settlement in Uzbekistan.
Frank Jensen is Lord Mayor of Copenhagen Municipality.
The Greensboro Science Center is a member organization of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
Wilfred Hudleston Hudleston won the Wollaston Medal in 1897.
Gordon Moore won the Dan David Prize in 2010.
Glebe Gallery is an art museum in the Republic of Ireland.
The Southern Pacific 2718 was manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works, which was founded in March 1904.
Roman Dzhigkayev began his career in 2015 with FC Kolomna.
Irene Manton won the Linnean Medal in 1969.
Belgorodsky District is located in Belgorod Oblast and has the main category of Belgorodsky District.
Lee Seul-chan started his career in the Jeonnam Dragons in 2012.
Felice Tamburelli served as Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sora-Cassino-Aquino-Pontecorvo.
Costruzioni Meccaniche di Saronno is an automotive company located in Saronno.
Kamil Grosicki started his career in 2008 and plays for the Poland national football team.
Connor McDavid won the Hart Memorial Trophy in 2017.
The location of the Olympia London International Horse Show is London, United Kingdom.
Guru Prakash Dutta received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in 1976.
Olivia Newton-John won the Daytime Emmy award in 1999.
Charles Reynolds, a cleric, was born in the 16th century and spoke the English language.
Chen Hualan won the 2016 L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards.
The International Centre for Theoretical Physics headquarters are in Trieste, Italy.
The name of Matt Bragga is Matt, and he is a human.
Freez FM is a radio station from the Netherlands.
Jamie Sandy is a human and a member of the Eastern Suburbs Tigers.
William Lyon Mackenzie King won the Canadian Newsmaker of the Year award in 1948.
Grace Paley won the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award in 1980.
Bilel Mohsni started playing football for Tunisia in 2014.
Edward Witten was awarded the Albert Einstein World Award of Science in 2016.
Alsunga Parish is in Latvia.
Chamin Correa is a human who plays the guitar.
Fakiragram Junction railway station was opened in 1900 and is located at the same time as Kokrajhar railway station.
The Bochasan Junction railway station is a train station in India.
The University of Chicago was founded by Silas B. Cobb, who was a donor.
Lopini Paea started playing for Catalans Dragons in 2011.
The SS City of Paris, a steamship, was built in the United Kingdom.
The Jaeger Corps was established in 1961 in Denmark.
The Rollapadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in India.
Kotak Mahindra Bank's headquarters are located in Mumbai, India.
Ecocity Builders, a nonprofit organization, is located in Oakland, California.
Barnabás Bese started playing for the Hungary national under-21 football team in 2013.
Mathrubhumi News is a television channel which was launched in 2013.
ESvn is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Michael Dorn, who plays Worf, starred in One Little Ship.
Matthew Rosseinsky won the Hughes Medal in 2011.
The Institute of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles is located in Downtown Los Angeles which began in 2015.
Polizzello is an archaeological site in Italy.
Gamboa is a human settlement in Panama.
The Great Irish Bake Off (series 1) was followed by The Great Irish Bake Off (series 2).
Todd May began his career at Clemson University in 1991.
Ben Gibson played for Middlesbrough FC in the 2013-14 Football League Championship.
Marion Jones won the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportswoman of the Year in 2000.
The Piran waterfall is located in Iran.
Judo is a sport in South Africa.
The Essex Shipbuilding Museum is a maritime museum in the United States.
Albrecht V, Herzog von Baiern is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes Albert V, Duke of Bavaria.
Ricardo Faty started playing for the Senegal national football team in 2012.
John Archambault co-authored the book Chicka Chicka Boom Boom.
The El Paso Subdivision is a railroad line in the United States.
The United States is the location of the Middle Three Conference.
Joey Barton was a player in the 2016-17 FA Cup, he plays for Burnley F.C.
Tibor Kozma graduated from the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in 1931.
Robert Picardo is the character of The Doctor in Star Trek: Voyager. He also stars in Prime Factors.
Chantal Hoffmann started playing for Lotto-Soudal Ladies in 2014.
Teruko Ishizaka was awarded the Passano Foundation award in 1972.
The home ground of FC Bunyodkor is the Milliy Stadium and the head coach is Mirjalol Qosimov.
W.H. Auden won the Bollingen Prize in 1954.
Paul R. Heyl won the Howard N. Potts Medal in 1943.
Hayden, whose musical family name is Desser, is signed to Hardwood Records.
Elvanfoot is located in South Lanarkshire, where the local authority is South Lanarkshire.
Franz Grillparzer was born in Vienna, in Austria-Hungary.
Li Ao is a philosopher with the surname Li, who is a follower of Confucianism.
Serhiy Krulykovskyi, whose place of burial is the Zverynetskiy cemetery, played for FC Dynamo Kyiv.
Kristall Berdsk is an ice hockey team.
Halik Kochanski graduated from King's College London with a doctor of philosophy degree.
Karl Dönitz is the author of the Laconia Order, which was issued on September 17, 1942.
Providence Women's College in India was established in 1952.
Brandon Moss is a human being and a member of the Kansas City Royals.
The video game Zephyr is from the United States.
The Kumamoto Prefecture's leader is Ikuo Kabashima, who began his career on 16 April 2008.
Sebastián Rosano started playing for the Uruguay national football team in 2008.
The Demon Prince of Momochi House, a manga series, originates from Japan.
Fiji was the signatory of the Universal Copyright Convention on 13 March 1972.
The University of Bayreuth headquarters are located in Bayreuth, Germany.
Sarwat Gilani was married to Fahad Mirza, who began his career in 2014.
Untersiebenbrunn is a member of the Climate Alliance which was founded in 2007.
Wellington Monteiro began his career in 2014 and is a member of the Audax Rio de Janeiro Esporte Clube.
Greenland Minerals is a business located in Perth.
Shigeharu Matsumoto was awarded the Person of Cultural Merit in 1976.
The SGCC UAV is a UAV from China.
Yumare is a human settlement in Venezuela.
The Swansea East by-election, 2001 was held on 27 September 2001.
Rodrigo Cabalucci, who started playing for Club Olimpo in 2016, is a member of the club.
Robert Lewandowski began working in Munich in 2014.
Luke Shaw made his debut for the England national football team in 2014.
The People's Liberation Movement - Cinchoneros is a Honduras based organization.
Earl Gros is a human being who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Howard Alper won the Izaak Walton Killam Memorial Prize in 1986.
Anick Lemay portrayed Madame Rivest in Kiss Me Like a Lover.
The headquarters of Airlink are located in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The Lithic Studies Society is an organization that was founded in 1979.
The Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial is a chess tournament in Mexico.
Mitchell Price, a human, plays for the Arizona Cardinals.
Stig Bergström won the Raymond C. Moore Medal in 1999.
Klaus Huber won the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize in 2009.
Carles Coto started his career in August 2018 with the Volos FC.
The headquarters of Mano Maritime are located in Haifa, Israel.
Zoltán Friedmanszky played for the Hungary national football team and was a participant in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Ursula Happe won the gold medal in the 200 metre breaststroke at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Grice Inn is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Kyara Linskens started playing for BC Namur-Capitale in 2016.
The Singapore Innovation League was established in 2014 to promote business innovation.
Vladimir Prelog won the Centenary Prize in 1949.
The Westing Game, written in English, is published by E.P. Dutton.
Iraklis Gerolakkou, whose home ground is the Kykkos Stadium, were a participating team in the Cypriot Fourth Division in 2013.
Cook Islands became a member of UNESCO on October 25, 1989.
Kantakunosato Station, which opened on 20 April 1995, is adjacent to Onohonmachi Station.
Omar Bari began his career with Al-Rayyan SC in 2008.
The western gorilla is one of the species kept at Prague Zoo which began in 1963.
Kenny Watson, who is a human, played football for Montrose FC.
Carolina Tiger Rescue is a zoo in the United States.
Michael Harris Caine, aka Michael Harris Caine, graduated from George Washington University.
Dudley Benjafield, whose given name is Dudley, attended the University of London.
Lajos Kassák won the Kossuth Prize in 1965.
Edward Edinborough Chamberlain won the Hector Memorial Medal in 1960.
K.R. Aravindakshan became a member of the Communist Marxist Party in 1987.
Danielle Panabaker, who starred in the TV series Supergirl, is the character Caitlin Snow.
Skavlan is a television show from Sweden.
Jens Thomas Arnfred won the Eckersberg Medal in 1982.
Le Val-Saint-Germain is headed by the Mayor of Le Val-Saint-Germain and the head of government is Serge Deloges.
Peter Verhelst won the Jan Campert Prize in 2008.
The video display controller, Texas Instruments TMS9918, was manufactured by Texas Instruments.
Nilla Fischer plays as a midfielder for Linköpings FC.
Every Ocean Hughes lives in New York City and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
West House, Chelsea, is the house of George Price Boyce.
Ruth Gordon stars in the film Every Which Way but Loose, which was filmed in New Mexico.
Jean-Louis Curtis won the Prix Goncourt in 1947.
Omar Koroma began his career in 2016 with FC Kyzylzhar.
The Guarajambala River is located in Honduras.
George Young is a filmmaker who has made Three Strings to Her Bow. His genre is Human.
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station on the Piccadilly line.
Jacques Dubochet worked at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, where he retired in 1987.
Vicky Ntetema won the International Women of Courage Award in 2016.
Republic Square (Yerevan Metro) is named after Republic Square , Yerevan and was opened on December 26th 1981.
Village Rockstars won the 2017 National Film Award for Best Feature Film.
The SS City of Philadelphia is a steamship that is from the United Kingdom.
The Chinese pyramids are a type of mausoleum found in China.
Canterbury Rugby League is a rugby league in New Zealand.
Max Holden was from Scotland and retired in 1905.
Therese Johaug won the Holmenkollen medal in 2013.
The name day of Iva is January 2 in Latvia.
Sheaf House is a sports venue in the United Kingdom.
Nam Cheong station is on the Tung Chung line which began on 16 December 2003.
Big Walter Price plays the piano and was signed to the record label Peacock Records.
The miniseries Smash, which is produced by Kanal 1 Drama, was originally shown in Swedish.
Kpakpale is a human settlement in the Central African Republic.
Michael Hooper, who began his career on 5 June 2012, represented the Australia national rugby union team.
The song "Serendipity" is from the musical group BTS and was published in the magazine Love Yourself: Her on 18 September 2017.
Andrei Karlov was awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation in 2016.
Don Megowan stars in The Devil's Brigade which was filmed in Utah.
Kenneth Bullington won the Stuart Ballantine Medal in 1956.
Mansour Mohamed El-Kikhia won the Bronze Wolf Award in 1981.
Anahit Manasyan's name is Anahit and he is a human being.
Francisco Santos Leal won the Fulkerson Prize in 2015.
The computer keyboard is an input method used in Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade.
Piotr Giza is a member of Legia Warsaw's club and is a human being.
Laudenbach is in the Standard time zone, UTC + 01:00 is the time zone used in Laudenbach, Bavaria.
Nick Ward is an Australian footballer who started playing for Newcastle Jets FC in 2013.
Edwin Conklin won the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science in 1943.
City 7 Dubai is a television channel which was launched in 2002.
James Franco, who plays Harry Osborn, is a character in the film Spider-Man.
The Penghu Living Museum accepts cash payments and the currency used is the New Taiwan dollar.
Gustav Helsted was awarded the Order of the Dannebrog in 1917.
Alfred Asikainen won the bronze medal in the Greco-Roman middleweight wrestling competition at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Michael A. Feighan graduated from John Carroll University with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Callandoon is located in the Goondiwindi region of Queensland which has a local government area.
Jamal Zahalka was a member of the Joint List party, which he joined in 2015.
The adjacent station to College station (Toronto) is Wellesley station, which is located towards Finch station.
Scuderia Ferrari won the 2003 Formula One World Championship, which was also the championship for the constructors.
Sergey Kovalev vs Andre Ward was a boxing match.
From Here to Eternity was awarded the National Film Registry Award in 2002.
Cameron Schilling began his National Hockey League career in 2012.
Ghavam Shahidi won the J.J. Ebers Award in 2006.
Kieran Tierney, a player in the 2014-15 Scottish Premiership, played for Celtic FC.
Deutsche Werft produces the German submarine U-2322 which is a type XXIII submarine.
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge, which is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation, was built in 1950 and crosses the Tacoma Narrows.
William Holmes, born William Holmes, was educated at Gresham's School. He served in the British Army.
Conegliano railway station is in the Central European Time Zone (Central European Time is Standard time).
Carl Gyllenborg, a professor at Uppsala University, started working there on 25 September 1686.
Toll Group's parent organization is Japan Post Holdings, the latter of which was acquired by Japan Post on May 28, 2015.
The 2018 season is the PWBA Bowling Tour.
Anna Maria Marten was married to Roy Marten, who was married to her on April 1, 1985.
The cast of Hatching Pete includes Tiffany Thornton, who is Jamie Wynn.
Helen Small was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2018.
Felitciano Zschusschen started his career in 2015. He plays for the Curacao national football team.
Frank Lee is a human being who plays rugby league for St Helens RFC.
The Heinkel He 50 was manufactured by Aichi Kokuki, in 1935.
The Oyez Project is a website which uses the English language.
Kanfory Sylla began his career in 2013 and is a member of Zakho FC.
Andrew Schneider won the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting in 1986.
Michael Whelan won the Hughes Medal in 1988.
The Volga River is the name of Volgograd, which was founded in 1961.
Christ's College is located in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
The New Zealand St. Leger is a New Zealand horse race.
Koguriyama Station, which is located adjacent to Chitose Station (Aomori), was opened in 1952.
Southeast Area Transit is a bus company that was founded in 1975.
Andreas Bjelland played for Brentford FC in the 2015-16 Football League Championship season.
The Echorium Sequence is a book series written by Katherine Roberts.
Alexei Starobinsky was awarded the Tomalla Foundation Award in 2009.
Kristofer Hivju, who played Tormund Giantsbane, stars in the TV series Game of Thrones.
Lin-Manuel Miranda was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical in 2007.
The Romanovsky District is in Saratov Oblast which was established on December 5, 1936.
Onaway station is on the Blue Line and is located next to Southington station (GCRTA Blue Line).
Caitriona Balfe was born in Dublin, County Dublin.
Knittelfeld is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in 1994.
San Mauro Torinese is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin, which has been in the city since 2015.
Fousseny Coulibaly started playing for Espérance Sportive de Tunis in 2014.
Marta Corredera started her career in 2011 and has represented Spain.
The time zone for Borovikovo is Krasnoyarsk Time which started on 27 March 2016.
The Federal Office for Information Security's headquarters are located in Bonn on Godesberger Allee.
The book Twenty-six Men and a Girl was written by Maxim Gorky.
Josef Kainz, who was married to Sara Hutzler, is buried in Döbling Cemetery.
The operator of Tunnel de la Croix-Rousse is Lyon Metropolis, which began operation in 2015.
Keoladeo National Park was designated a Ramsar site in 1981.
The operator of the Cormorant Oilfield, which is located in the United Kingdom, is TAQA.
County of Adelaide contains the Hundred of Willunga which was established on 29 October 1846.
Pennsylvania Route 321 is part of the Pennsylvania State Route System and is maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.
Kunal Sawant was born in Mumbai and started his career in 2012.
Monade was a horse who competed in horse racing and was born in 1959.
Damian Wayne's father is Batman, whose paternal half-brother is Terry McGinnis.
Thomas Konrad (born Thomas) played for Karlsruher SC II.
Robin Huisman de Jong's club was SC Heerenveen, he started his career in 2007.
AEL Limassol, whose home ground is the Tsirio Stadium, were competing in the Cypriot First Division in 1991-92.
Hilgenried Bay is in Germany.
Marianne dela Riva is a human name.
Alakh Prakash Goyal University in India was established in 2012.
Freddy Sanchez is a human being who played for the Boston Red Sox.
The Door Through Space is part of the Darkover series and written in English.
Culham railway station, named after Culham, is a Grade II* listed building.
The Richmond Football Club competed in the 2018 AFL season, where they won the minor premiership.
A/L Iwarai is a television show which was broadcast by the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
Sergei Pesyakov was born in Ivanovo, Soviet Union.
Henry Horatio Dixon was awarded the Croonian Lecture in 1937.
Image magazine was founded in 1975.
Medial pontine syndrome is a brainstem stroke syndrome and belongs to the specialty of Neurology.
The Lutheran Hour is a radio program that originates from the United States.
Epsom and Ewell Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Sergey Rusak started his career with the FK Palanga in September 2019.
Patrick Ollier was the head of government in Grand Paris, he began his career in January 2016.
The Cumberland and Westernport Electric Railway is located in the United States.
Joan Guinjoan won the Creu de Sant Jordi award in 1999.
The 2007 Argyll and Bute Council election was a local election.
Hugo Vidémont started his career in 2015 with AC Ajaccio.
Leo Margulies, whose family name is Margulies, is a human being.
Orfeon Donostiarra won the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts in Spain in 1975.
Lercara Friddi is located in the Metropolitan City of Palermo which was established on January 4, 2016.
David Oyelowo, the character of Martin Luther King Jr., stars in the film Selma.
The book Tales of Mystery & Imagination was written by Edgar Allan Poe.
Anthony Cistaro plays the role of Kenneth Irons and starred in the 2001 TV series, Witchblade.
Catharine MacKinnon was awarded the Wilbur Cross Medal in 1995.
Wacha Koni is a human settlement in Kenya.
Ellinor Holland is the editor of Augsburger Allgemeine, published by Mediengruppe Pressedruck.
Ernst Jandl was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 1990.
Susan Marqusee won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award in 1996.
Vyacheslav Zaitsev was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour on 14 November 1980.
The food Rolex comes from Uganda.
Bruno Bertucci started his career in 2012 and now plays for Neftçi PFK.
Jose Luis Perlaza started his career in 2004 and plays for the Ecuador national football team.
Myanmar Football Federation is a member of FIFA, which was founded in 1948.
Limerick City Council was succeeded by Limerick City and County Council and was dissolved in 2014.
Najib Ammari started his career in July 2019 and now plays for FC Viitorul Constanta.
Cyril Norman Hinshelwood won the Liversidge Award in 1939.
Paul Heckingbottom is the head coach of Hibernian FC. He started his coaching career in February 2019.
Pedro Jose Calvo Castel is the head of government in La Mata de Morella, the office held by the Mayor of La Mata.
Ekaterina Feoktistova graduated from the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology in 1939.
The Avro Anson Memorial is located in Western Australia.
Andrea Mazzuoli began his career in 2010 for Robur Siena.
Novoandreyevka, Altai Krai is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which started on 27 March 2016.
Vadlamannadu railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time Zone.
Kingsley James started his career in 2015 with the F.C. Halifax Town.
The Marine Corps Individual Reserve Support Activity is located in Missouri in the United States.
Gaston Miron received the Prix France-Québec in 1970.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video in 1984.
Zastenka is in the Samara Time Zone, the start date of which is 27 March 2016.
Armando Coroneaux began his career in 2010 and has represented Cuba.
Jonathan Bijimine started his career in 2013 and plays for the DR Congo national under-20 football team.
Francesco Pescaroli is the architect of Certosa di Parma, which has the architectural style of Baroque architecture.
David Leestma is a mission specialist 2 and a crew member of STS-45.
Ruslan Jamshidov began playing for the Kyrgyzstan national football team in 2006.
Mohamed Naser started playing football for United Arab Emirates in 2012.
Gerard Butler, who starred in 300, plays the role of Leonidas I.
The Manonga River is a river in Tanzania.
The list of power stations in Qatar is a list of power stations.
Pakka Di Saral is a Union council in Pakistan.
Robin Quaison started his career in 2014 playing for S.S.D. Palermo.
Eric Pang, married to Yao Jie, was a participant at the 2013 Dutch Badminton Championships - Men's singles.
Stefania Stanzani competed in the women's basketball event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nigishima Station, which was opened in 1959, is adjacent to Atashika Station.
The Islecroft Stadium is located in Dumfries and Galloway where the local authority is Dumfries and Galloway.
Robert Plant is the 2012 winner of the Kennedy Center Honors.
Kablow station is in the Central European Time Zone, which is Standard time.
Pope Callixtus II worked in Rome, which was in the Holy Roman Empire.
Rory Best made his debut for the Ireland national rugby union team on November 12th 2005.
The Corunna Downs Station is a pastoral lease in Australia.
Punggye Station is in the Standard time zone in North Korea.
Brzezina , Krapkowice County is located in the UTC + 01:00 standard time zone.
The Rapido is a passenger train that travels in Canada.
Alcide d'Orbigny won the Grande Medaille d'Or des Explorations in 1835.
Greek National Road 66 is a road in Greece.
Musamba is a human settlement in Kenya.
Risalpur is a human settlement in Pakistan.
The German submarine U-548 had its keel laid on 4 September 1942.
Elliott Reid, who plays Shelby Ashton, starred in the film The Absent-Minded Professor.
Chidi Osuchukwu plays for FC Dynamo Brest and started his career in January 2017.
The Na Záhradkách Stadium is in Slovakia.
Angel v. Murray is a legal case from the United States.
Cass Winthrop is a fictional human.
GWR 6959 Class 6990 Witherslack Hall was manufactured at Swindon Works in April 1948.
The Science & Faith Tour was a concert tour by The Script.
Alissa J. Rubin was awarded the John Chancellor Award in 2015.
Irfan Khan started playing for Indian Arrows in 2012.
Warner Music Group's subsidiary is Lava Records, which ended in 2009.
Maaka is a tonal language found in the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Kaspa is in the Krasnoyarsk Time Zone which started on 27 March 2016.
Mary Luke Tobin was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame in 1997.
The headquarters of ELAM (Latin American School of Medicine) Cuba are in Havana, Cuba.
Walthamstow Central station is adjacent to Blackhorse Road station which is connected to the Victoria line.
Designed in 1910 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works, the Santa Fe class 1158 is still in service.
The adjacent station to Ariake Station (Nagano) is Azumi-Oiwake Station, which is located towards Itoigawa Station.
Liyabé Kpatoumbi started playing for the Togo national football team in 2008.
Joseph S.B. Mitchell won the Gödel Prize in 2010.
The Bridgeness Slab is located in East Dunbartonshire, where the local authority is East Dunbartonshire.
Karlskrona Municipality is twinned with Gdynia, Gdynia started in 1990.
Krasnohvardiiske Raion is in Russia and its territory was established on March 18, 2014.
Marianna Tolvanen started playing for the Finland women's national football team in 2011.
The noble family Van Boetzelaer is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Metodi Tomanov played for the Bulgaria national football team and started his career in 1981.
The song "That International Rag" was performed by Belle Baker.
Antonio Piccolo started his career in 2016 for Spezia Calcio.
Wolfhart Pannenberg was awarded the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art in 1995.
Pinchas Zukerman, who was the wife of Amanda Forsyth, was married to Amanda Forsyth in 2004.
The Alfred Dunhill Cup is a golf tournament.
Ralph Slatyer won the Centenary Medal in 2001.
Windycon, which was created in 1973, is a science fiction convention.
Sandrider is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Nirmal Jani is the director of photography in Patthar Ke Phool, which was made in India.
Damien Parer is the director of photography in Moresby Under the Blitz, which was originally shown in English.
Angela Debatin is a human given name.
The musician Finlay MacDonald plays the bagpipes.
The radio program Radio Bergeijk originated from the Netherlands.
Jarchinio Antonia started playing for the Curacao national football team in 2016.
Laossina is located in Setomaa Parish which was established in January 2017.
The Buffalo Trace Distillery is located in Frankfort, Kentucky, United States.
Dominique Rolin won the Prix Femina in 1952.
Alexandru Vlad started his career in July 2018 with FC Voluntari.
The Habsburg Monarchy, which began in 1657, participated in the Second Northern War.
Nottuln-Appelhulsen station is located in the Central European time zone which is valid in Standard time.
The Bugline Trail is a rail trail in the United States.
Isaac Stern was the winner of the Polar Music Prize in 2000.
Sergio Donadoni won the Feltrinelli Prize in 1975.
Nancy St. Alban was born in Baltimore, Maryland.
Charles Mayer, composer, is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
David Berry Hart is the creator of the Dictionary of National Biography in which he is a biographer.
Cranbrook Memorial Arena is a sports venue in Canada.
Tim Phillipps, who plays Daniel Robinson in Neighbours, is a character in the series.
Giles de Braose served as the diocesan bishop of the diocese of Hereford.
Davidson Charles began his career in 2009 with Safa SC.
The Amber Spyglass is a notable work of Philip Pullman. Rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend are a subject of his work.
The South African Class 23 4-8-2 was manufactured by Berliner Maschinenbau in 1938.
Maforki Chiefdom is in Sierra Leone and is one of the Chiefdoms of Sierra Leone.
Serhiy Sydorchuk began his career in 2013 and played for the Ukraine national football team.
Apple Inc is the developer of Numbers, a spreadsheet.
The Year of Magical Thinking won the 2005 National Book Award for Fiction.
Hombawa is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
The Calabar International Convention Centre is in Nigeria.
Billings Metropolitan Transit is a bus company in the United States.
Juninho Quixadá started his career in 2015 and plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II.
TV Total Uruguay was launched in 2013 and is a television channel in Uruguay.
The Waaksamheyd is a ship from The Netherlands.
Ian Mariano started playing for the Guam national football team in 2007.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rabat is east of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat.
The Blue Brain Project is a supercomputer made by IBM.
Estadio Hernando Siles was designed by Emilio Villanueva and was opened in 1930.
The Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is located in Chico, California, United States.
Jimmy'z is a business based in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
Ariya Astrobeat Arkestra is a musical ensemble that performs Afrobeat music.
West Harbour GO Station is adjacent to Aldershot GO Station which is located towards Union Station (Toronto).
Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan is written in Gujarati and has won the Yuva Puraskar award.
The Birth of Venus (Bouguereau) originates from France, where it was published in 1879.
The Agusta CP-110 is a subclass of aircraft which first flew in 1951.
Fenedy Masauvakalo began his career in 2007 and plays for the Vanuatu national football team.
The South African Dutton road-rail tractors are operated by Transnet Freight Rail and manufactured by Dennis Specialist Vehicles.
Joe Pruett edited Negative Burn, a comics anthology.
Marks Point, New South Wales is located in the Division of Shortland, which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Atiqah Hasiholan was married to Rio Dewanto in 2013.
The following is a list of Winnipeg City Routes in Canada.
Tomas Gustafson of Sweden won the 10,000 metres speed skating competition at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Bartholomew the Apostle is the patron saint of Borriol which is situated in the neighbouring Sant Joan de Moro.
Athanasios Kanakaris was the son of Benizelos Roufos and his mother Angeliki Kanakaris.
Kabak Too is a mountain range in Kyrgyzstan.
Jebb Sinclair started playing for London Irish in 2011.
The Ghost Town Trail is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada.
The Onobori Station was opened in 1955 and is located next to Nozawa Station.
Alexander Prokhorov won the Lenin Prize in 1959.
Expo Arena is a convention center in the United States.
The Hollinwood Branch Canal is located in the United Kingdom.
Jacques Delors was awarded the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group in 1995.
The Mackerras pendulum, named after Malcolm Mackerras, was invented by Malcolm Mackerras.
Balmangan Tower is located in Dumfries and Galloway, a local authority.
Dixie Carter won the 1976 Theatre World Award.
Guillaume Franke started playing for the Germany national rugby union team in 2010.
DWRV is a radio station that was established in 1998.
Amy Harrison began her career in 2019 with the Washington Spirit.
Youssou N'Dour was awarded the Prince Claus Fund in 2002.
The Castle of Laeken is in the Neoclassical style of architecture and was designed by Charles de Wailly.
Jack Grealish played for Aston Villa FC in the 2014-15 FA Cup.
The director of the Bavarian State Painting Collections is Kurt Martin, who began his career in 1957.
Kazuo Shii became a member of the Japanese Communist Party in 1973.
Saksi, Estonia is located in Tapa Parish, the administrative territory of which, was established on January 1, 2017.
Michel Lefrancois de Lalande is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was married to Marie-Jeanne de Lalande.
Praia de Naufragados is a beach in Brazil.
Peter Hawlik started his career in 2011 with SV Mattersburg.
Chris Browning, who plays the character Reactron, is a character in the TV series Supergirl.
USRC Pawtuxet is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
The Vergatario is a cell phone model from Venezuela.
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority is located in California, United States.
Here Comes the Judge ( album ) was followed by Cool Sax, Warm Heart and Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway.
Flávio Cardoso began his career in 2015 and is a member of the Funvic/Soul Brasil Pro Cycling team.
Brampton GO Station is located adjacent to Bramalea GO Station, which is positioned towards Union Station (Toronto).
Pacbitun is an archaeological site in Belize.
Borgo Storico Seghetti Panichi is a villa in Italy.
The N5 is a road in South Africa.
The 1982 Team Ice Racing World Championship was the 1982 season.
The 1968 New York City riot took place in the United States.
KemperSports is located in the United States and they play golf.
Jeff Cowan is a member of the Los Angeles Kings and his occupation is human.
Janowo, Starogard County is located in the UTC+01:00 standard time zone.
Makin' Time is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
Washington Redhawks, a publicity stunt, are from the United States.
Antonio Rossi competed in the canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal in the K-2 500 metres event.
The music genre of Daughter of Time is jazz music and the album was written in English.
Mindelheim station is in the Central European Time Zone, which is Standard time.
Celtophile Records is a record label that was founded in 1997.
Football West State League Division 1 is an association football competition in Australia.
Hiroshi Otsuki started playing for SP Kyoto FC in 2004.
Brasenose College is located in Oxford, United Kingdom.
Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov won the Elie Cartan Prize in 1984.
Lal Americayil is from India and is Malayalam in origin.
Vera Chapman founded The Tolkien Society, which is named after J.R.R. Tolkien.
Giorgio Stivanello was born in Venice, Italy.
Linksfield railway station is located in Moray, United Kingdom.
Dorian Lévêque started his career in 2010 and plays for En Avant de Guingamp.
Georges Darboy was the diocesan bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nancy.
Malente is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in 1993.
Vanderlei Farias da Silva started playing for Santos FC in 2015.
Karen Khachaturian was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 2001.
Marina Fernández began playing for the Andorra women's national football team in 2015.
Ali Sanad began his career in 2006 and has represented the Qatar national football team.
Spring Snow, a film from Japan, stars Sousuke Takaoka.
Namadagala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Tuc Watkins, who starred in the film Miracle in Lane 2 as God/Bobby Wade, also plays the character of God.
The Federal Equestrian Park is located in France.
Franz Ignaz von Beecke, who was a student of Christoph Willibald Gluck, spoke German.
Pearl Jam won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video in 1993.
Maria Rentmeister started her residence in Paris in 1934.
Reginald Tebbs, known as Reginald, is a member of Berkshire County Cricket Club.
Alabert Fogarasi won the Kossuth Prize in 1952.
The Manchester Observer is a newspaper that was founded in 1818.
The List of television stations in Minnesota is a list of television stations.
Lev Leshchenko won the People's Artist of the RSFSR award in 1983.
The Comp Air 8 is an aircraft model from the United States.
Rosen Vankov started playing for SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo in 2013.
Dan Evans ( tennis ) was born in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
Philip D Morgan won the Bancroft Prize in 1999.
Jordan Ferri played in the 2016-17 UEFA Europa League for Olympique Lyonnais.
Jacqueline Emerson, who plays Foxface, is a character in the film The Hunger Games.
Konami developed the video game Strategy X, which is played with a joystick.
The Airdrome Sopwith Camel is a United States built aircraft.
The mayor is the head of government in Eljas where Antonio Bellanco Fernandez is the head of government.
Damian Gjini started his career in the Albania national under-21 football team in 2015.
Vagit Alekperov was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour in 1986.
The Grand River Valley AVA is in the United States and is an American Viticultural area.
Martyn Waghorn, who played for Sunderland A.F.C., was a player in the 2007-08 Premier League season.
Lepaca Kliffoth is an English language avant-garde metal band.
Harold Masursky won the G.K. Gilbert Award in 1990.
Maharaj Kishan Bhan won the HK Firodia awards in 2014.
Citrana is a human settlement in East Timor.
The USS McCulloch (1897) was a ship in the United States Navy.
Frances Conroy, who played the role of Loretta Stinson, stars in the film How I Met Your Mother.
Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Solger is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Mosholu Parkway station is located at the same station as Bedford Park Boulevard-Lehman College station, which is located south of the station.
The North Karachi Industrial Area was established in 1974 in Pakistan.
Science in Action, originally from the United States, is a television show.
Sande society is a secret society in Guinea.
Alon Abelski plays for SpVgg Unterhaching and Germany.
Patrick Schelling started his career in 2016 with Team Vorarlberg Santic.
Jack Ladyman graduated from Williams Baptist University with an associate degree.
The terminus of Utah State Route 181 from 1935 to 2007 is in Salt Lake City, in the direction of North.
The Biu Plateau is in Nigeria and is a volcano.
Kirklington and Edingley railway station is located in the United Kingdom. It is a train station.
Reuven Rubin won the Israel Prize in 1973.
The Handarap Lake is a reservoir in Pakistan.
DeMarco Murray won the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award in 2014.
Whitefield Park is located in South Lanarkshire where the local authority is South Lanarkshire.
Tamfourhill is located in Falkirk Council, the local authority.
Morgan Schneiderlin played for Southampton FC in the 2008-09 Football League Championship.
The Murmansk Oblast was established in Russia on December 25, 1991.
EDSA railway station is in the Philippine Standard time zone.
Mark Herring is the Attorney General of Virginia and he began his career on January 11th 2014.
The film Animal Kingdom was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Production Design in 2010.
Tamara de Lempicka is represented by the Artists Rights Society which is a copyright collective.
The American Football team Maryland Terrapins played under Jim Tatum.
The ship La Dauphine is from France.
The headquarters of the MG Rover Group are located in Longbridge, United Kingdom.
New York City is in the United States, the location of Tommy Boy Records.
PubPeer is a website that was founded in October 2012.
The Ambasador Hotel is located in Serbia.
FVWM95 is a free software based on FVWM.
Beluj ( village ) is in Slovakia, which became a country in 1993.
The Great Calusa Paddling Trail is a water trail in the United States.
Nikola Ivanov started playing for FC Oborishte Panagyurishte in 2013.
Volker Strassen won the Knuth Prize in 2008.
Robert Mileski started his career in 2013 with the Sydney United 58 FC.
Arthur Smith Woodward won the Mary Clark Thompson Medal in 1942.
Ulan Konysbayev started his career in 2011 and plays for the Kazakhstan national football team.
Jack Phillips is a footballer who was born in 1903 and played for Southend United FC. Jack Phillips is a human being.
Mohamed Amine Ben Amor started his career in 2015, and has represented the Tunisia national football team.
Welgahawadiya is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Greg Van Avermaet, who began his career in 2011, played for the CCC Pro Team.
Dale Ellis was the 1987 winner of the NBA Most Improved Player Award.
The National Theater in Richmond, Virginia has the Renaissance Revival style of architecture.
John Leguizamo, who plays the role of Tybalt, starred in Romeo and Juliet.
The Gentlemen & Assassins band is from the United States and performs rock and pop music.
In 1973, José Emilio Pacheco won the Xavier Villaurrutia Award.
The local authority of Aberdeenshire is the Aberdeenshire council, which is the location of Doonie Point.
Dmitry Korobov is a member of the HC Spartak Moscow team and his profession is human.
The Greek National Road 97 is a road in Greece.
Helen Stephens was inducted into the National Womens Hall of Fame in 1993.
James Bethea, who plays the role of analyst, stars in the film Iron Man (2008).
Central European Time (Central European time) is the time zone for the station at Hämelerwald. Standard time is the time zone for the station.
Geir Gulliksen ( writer ) was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment in 2008.
Moussa Doumbia started playing for the Burkina Faso national football team in 2011.
Kornelia Ender is the wife of Steffen Grummt, who was married to him on 1 August 1984.
A.S.F. Gow won the Kenyon Medal in 1973.
The Summit League includes the Western Illinois Leathernecks who began play in 1982.
Alex Gersbach started playing for the Australia national under-20 soccer team in 2015.
Maartje Nevejan won the Golden Calf for Best Actress in 1997.
Ross Hutchinson was the Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. He plays for the South Fremantle Football Club.
Salim Ben Boina began his career in 2014 with Athlético Marseille.
Bellmount Forest is located within the Division of Eden-Monaro which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Pheriche is a human settlement in Nepal.
Lev Sverdlin was born in Astrakhan, Russian Empire.
Bradley Johnson, a member of Northampton Town F.C., played in the 2005-06 FA Cup.
Sardinian Action Party is from Sardinia, Italy.
Evelyn Macleod, Baroness Macleod of Borve, is married to Iain Macleod. Evelyn Macleod, Baroness Macleod of Borve speaks English.
A Journey to Arzrum was written in the Russian language in the Russian empire.
Mikko Pukka plays for Vaasan Sport and his profession is Human.
Alfred Bester won the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award in 1988.
Calvin Gotlieb was awarded the List of Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1994.
Mihir Chowdhury was awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in 1977.
The Ben Maller Show is a radio program that originates from the United States.
Dylan Naputi began his career in 2013 and plays for the Guam national under-17 football team.
Gesturi is located in the Province of South Sardinia, which was established on February 4th 2016.
Fina Rifà resides in El Camp de l'Arpa del Clot, Barcelona.
The District Council of Willunga was first established in 1901 in Australia.
Olympus Corporation is the manufacturer of the Olympus C-3000 Zoom digital camera model.
Grevenmacher District, which was the administrative district of Luxembourg, was abolished on 3 October 2015.
Dale Dye, who starred in the film JFK, is the character of Edward Lansdale.
Amass Amankona started his career in 2016 with the Real Monarchs.
Carthage School District is located in the United States.
Percy Schmeiser won the Right Livelihood Award in 2007.
Miguel Primo de Rivera was awarded the Order of the White Lion in 1925.
Vincent Tarzia is the chairperson of the South Australian House of Assembly, he started his position on 3 May 2018.
Jorge Ortiz is an Argentine footballer who began his career in 2017 for the club Atlético Belgrano.
Beefeater Gin was distributed by Pernod Ricard, who began their distribution in 2005.
Charles D. Gemar is an astronaut employed by NASA.
Aleksandr Khanov was awarded the People's Artist of the USSR in 1973.
Mari Jászai is the wife of Vidor Kassai and is buried at Kerepesi Cemetery.
Murad Hüseynov began his career in 2011 and played for the Azerbaijan national football team.
Wolfgang Porsche was born in Stuttgart, Germany.
VConnect headquarters is located in Surulere, Nigeria.
Elizabeth Oakes Smith, who was married to Seba Smith, was buried in Patchogue, New York.
Susanna Terracini won the Vinti Prize in 2002.
Stade Municipal (Notse) is a football stadium in Togo.
Sims Creek is a river in the United States.
Irene Lindh was awarded Litteris et Artibus in 2005.
Khadake is located in the Maharashtra region in India.
The Nimba National Forest is in Liberia.
The Haw River Trail is located in the United States.
Cordy Milne, who is married to Lili St. Cyr, is a human being.
Robert C. Evans served as an auxiliary bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence.
Muscota Marsh is a park in the United States.
L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli is a botanical garden in Italy.
Wesley College is located in Belize City.
Nicolas Verdier started his career in 2015 with KV Mechelen.
Paul Jolicoeur won the LÉo-Pariseau Prize in October 1993.
The capital of Rechytsa District is Rechytsa and the district shares borders with Khoiniki District.
Flicko's Video Services is a business that was founded in 2003.
Tani otoshi is a judo technique.
Benni Efrat is a resident of Amsterdam and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Local Heroes is a documentary film from the United Kingdom.
Rayshawn Jenkins is a human being who plays football for the Miami Hurricanes.
Antoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen in 1608.
Andrei Chasovskikh started his career in 2013 and plays for FC Tambov.
Erik Stensiö won the Wollaston Medal in 1953.
Tanya Samarzich started playing for the Mexico women's national football team in 2011.
Aleksander Koj won the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science in 1996.
Douan is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Cristian Tănase started playing for the Romania national football team in 2008.
U.S. Pianese play in Serie C league, which began in 2019.
Robert Mood won the Fritt Ord Award in 2016.
Figini is a human settlement in Kenya.
Shinya Yamanaka won the Asahi Prize in 2007.
Ovidiu Perianu started to play for the Romania national under 17 football team in September 2018.
Second Set was born on 28 April 1988 and is a male horse.
Renee Wickcliffe, a human, is a partner of Portia Woodman.
Lisa Wengler started playing for the Luxembourg women's national football team in 2013.
Aladeen Younes began his career in 2015 with Al Sadd SC.
The Calhoun Mansion is a building in the United States.
The Balloon Dog Puzzle Game is a single-player video game for Microsoft Windows.
Seroglazovo is located in Moscow time zone and the time ended on 27 March 2016.
Robert J. Harrison won the Sidney Fernbach award in 2002.
Marilyn Farquhar won the FASEB Excellence in Science Award in 2006.
Berry Global headquarters is located in Evansville, Indiana, United States.
George Lewis ( trombonist) won the American Book Awards in 2009.
OZ Group is a Societa per azioni and works in the automotive industry.
George Panapa started playing for the Tuvalu national futsal team in 2011.
Magi: Adventure of Sinbad is published by Shogakukan, the publisher of which uses Japanese as their language.
Robert S. Langer was awarded the Perkin Medal in 2012.
The home ground of Home Farm FC is the Whitehall Stadium and they play in the League of Ireland.
Conor Murray began playing for Munster Rugby in 2010.
Tommy Bahama Challenge is a golf tournament in the United States.
Radzislaw Arlowski's club is FC Starye Dorogi and he is a human being.
George McLaughlan is a human being who played for Clydebank FC.
The Butcher Boy (1997), starring Pat McGrath, was directed by Adrian Biddle.
Kevin Murphy is a linebacker in the Seattle Seahawks football team. He is also a human.
York railway station is named after York and is a Grade II* listed building.
The artificial lake of Náinari Lake is found in Mexico.
Jill Tietjen's given name is Jill and she is a human being.
Raymond L. White won the Charles S. Mott Prize in 1990.
Alert Ready is an emergency population warning from Canada.
Los Angeles City Council District 3 is an electoral district of the Los Angeles City Council in the United States.
Emy Roeder won the Würzburg Cultural Prize in 1966.
Roy Dwight played for Nottingham Forest F.C. and scored the goal in the 1959 FA Cup Final.
Harib Al-Saadi began playing for Oman in 2016.
Battersby Hats, a business established in 1895, is still in business.
Kevin Michael Richardson, who voiced Samurai Jack, is also the character Demongo.
Hallgeir Brenden won the Aftenposten Gold Medal in 1952.
Agostinho da Silva was awarded the Ordem do Mérito Cultural in 2003.
William R. Pogue is an astronaut employed by NASA.
The Golden State Entering New York Harbor is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which acquired it in 1974.
Zhores Alferov was awarded the Demidov Prize in 1999.
Boom Selection is a 2001 single.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is notable for his work The Song of Hiawatha, which is an Epic poem.
Rjukan Station is in the Standard time zone and is in the Central European time zone.
Craig Venter won the Biotechnology Heritage Award in 2001.
Hemmerle is a company located in Munich, Germany.
Jean-Jacques Becker won the Grand Prix Gobert in 2002.
Daniel Godoy began his career in 2005 and plays for the Venezuela national football team.
Erligang culture is an archaeological culture from China.
Benjamin Garcia started playing for the France national rugby league team in 2013.
Worf is a character in In the Cards which was directed by Michael Dorn.
Roxey Fer plays for the Suriname national football team and began his career in 2015.
Eder Arreola started playing for Ventura County Fusion in 2015.
The organization Change Congress was founded in 2008.
Tor Arne Andreassen started playing for FK Haugesund in 2003.
Kurt Maflin, whose given name is Kurt, is a human being.
The music for Walking Tall ( TV series ) is written by Edd Kalehoff and the series is produced in English.
Tore Zetterholm won the Dobloug Prize in 1978.
Pogromets is a village in Russia.
LeVar Burton, who plays Geordi La Forge, starred in the episode "Suspicions" from the TV series Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Chodang University's headquarters are located in Muan County, South Korea.
The musical Let's Stay Together is written in English and the composer is Al Green.
Rabah Slimani started playing for Stade Francais in 2009.
Nikolai Panin, who represented the Russian Empire, competed in figure skating at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Gaston Poulet was the spouse of Jane Evrard, who began her career in 1912.
Viveca Paulin was married to Will Ferrell, who became his wife in 2000.
Austin Mahone has won the MTV Europe Music Award for Artist on the Rise in 2013.
Anguilla Football Association was a member of FIFA from 1996.
Brad Bird, who voiced Edna Mode, is one of the characters in the film Incredibles 2.
Potsdam is a twin city of Opole, which was founded on 6 June 1973.
O Yuki Conjugate is a rock and pop band that was formed in 1982.
The character Maxim Litvinov is played by Oscar Homolka, who starred in Mission to Moscow.
Ivan Klapez began his residence in London in 1987.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association is the occupant of Dahlberg Arena which was opened on December 18, 1953.
The Jenny Lind private railroad car is named after Jenny Lind.
The Anoka County Sheriff's Office is located in Minnesota, United States and was established in 1857.
Lawrence Davies is a human being who plays for Leeds United FC.
In the Flesh ( TV series ) stars Steven Robertson who plays John Weston.
The Shuttered Room originates from the United Kingdom and is set in Massachusetts.
Vasili Potekhin, whose country is Russia, plays for FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan.
Written in English, Between the Lions, was produced by Christopher Cerf.
Paul Samuelson won the John Bates Clark Medal in 1947.
Cairns Castle is located in West Lothian which is the local authority of.
The epidemic of yellow fever in 1793 Philadelphia was a severe epidemic.
The Geological Society of Washington is an organization in the United States.
The Colorado Avalanche and Detroit Red Wings brawl was an ice hockey brawl in the United States.
Vito Wormgoor started his career at SK Brann in 2017.
Paul Bragg started working for MetLife in 1915.
The USC&GS Patton (ASV-80) is a ship in the United States.
The Drifting Classroom was written in Japanese and originates from Japan.
Algis Budrys was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Related Work in 1986.
Edward Cecil Leach played for Somerset County Cricket Club.
Poorna Market is a neighbourhood in India.
Eugene Baker is a member of the Kent State Golden Flashes football team. He is a human being.
Robert W. Field won the E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy in 2012.
Originally invented in 1959, gaffer tape is a pressure-sensitive tape.
Espace botanique du Frasnois is a botanical garden in France.
Monka is a human settlement in Bhutan.
The Birmingham Coal Company is a business located in Philadelphia.
Darren Emerson, a member of the band Underworld, is with Kate Thornton.
The Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz's headquarters are in Bonn, Germany.
Richard Marcone started his career in 2013 with Trapani Calcio.
Gabe Newell, who became the chief executive officer of Valve Corporation in 1996, is the CEO of Valve Corporation.
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge was produced by Def Leppard and is available on Compact disc.
Arturo Alcaraz won the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1982.
Shezan International is a business that was founded in 1964.
Michael Bethel's football career began in 2012 when he played for Renegades FC.
George Harold Brown, given name George, was awarded the IEEE Fellow award.
The Institute for Manufacturing in the UK was established in 1998.
Giulio Bizzotto began his career in 2015 and plays for A.S. Cittadella.
Rudolfo Anaya won the American Book Award in 1980.
The DR Class 99.23-24 is operated by Harz Narrow Gauge Railways which began in 1993.
Shahbaz Nadeem started playing for Delhi Capitals in 2011.
The Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá is located in Texas, United States.
Johann Friedrich Schultz studied at the University of Königsberg where Jakob Sigismund Beck was a student.
The Domaine du Mont d'Arbois was designed by Henry Jacques Le Même and opened in 1924.
The Portuguese language is the original language of the film Second Life which was distributed by NOS Audiovisuais.
Arrow Films is a business located in Hertfordshire.
The Palazzo Luraschi in Milan, Italy is a palace.
The power amplifier class was discovered by Harald T. Friis in 1919.
Darron Gibson played for Everton FC in the 2015-16 FA Cup.
Point Britomart is located in the Auckland region in New Zealand.
Aziz Ansari starred in Parks and Recreation (season 5) portraying Tom Haverford.
Oulu Province borders Savolax and Karelia County, which ended in 1831.
Dhaka Pop Culture Expo was founded in 2013 in Bangladesh.
Werner Hofmann ( physicist ) won the Stern-Gerlach Medal in 2016.
Valtteri Bottas, who is a member of the Mercedes team, won the 2019 Australian Grand Prix.
The Lao Issara is a group action in the sociology of Laos.
Erik Neutsch won the Heinrich Mann Prize in 1971.
Johannes Willebrands served as Titular Bishop of Mauriana.
Alfred Bester is a character in the TV series Babylon 5 where Walter Koenig is a cast member.
Budge Budge railway station is located in the Indian Standard time zone.
AEK Larnaca FC, whose home ground is the GSZ Stadium, played in the 1997-98 Cypriot First Division.
The novel Temple is written in English and originates from Australia.
Denis Tillinac won the Prix Jacques Chardonne in 1990.
Justine Greening is the Secretary of State for Education who has been the officeholder since July 14th 2016.
Rope and Breasts is distributed by Nikkatsu and was originally shown in Japanese.
Lekhwair Airport is located in Oman.
Pamela Scott Wilkie, who has the name Pamela, graduated from the University of Reading.
Tom Cullen has been with Tatiana Maslany since 2011.
The Master and Margarita ( miniseries ) stars Vladislav Galkin who played the character of Ivan Bezdomniy.
George Feher won the Wolf Prize in Chemistry in 2006.
The Eppleton Colliery Welfare Ground is a sports venue in the United Kingdom.
Dennis Telgenkamp began his career in 2015. He is a member of the FC Emmen club.
Stormlord is a power metal band from Rome.
Aleksandr Borodkin plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. He is a human being.
Jesus Javier Gimeno Guillen is the leader of Paniza where the mayor is also a leader.
The play Tempe Restored was written by Aurelian Townshend.
The Mayor of Quintana del Castillo is Emilio Francisco Cabeza Martinez.
Jack Adams (ice hockey, born 1920) played in the National Hockey League and is considered a human being.
Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend is a Doraemon film. Chikao Ohtsuka provides the voice for Doraemon : Nobita and the Green Giant Legend.
Loola Adventure Resort is a hotel located in Indonesia.
Pavel Popovich was awarded the Order of the Red Star on 17 June 1961.
Carolyn Cohen was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1978.
Janet Yellen was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1986.
The Autaz-mirim River is in Brazil.
Kley Bejarano started playing for the Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC in 2015.
Sim Woon-sub, who attended Gangnung Jeil High School, played for Nay Pyi Taw FC.
Brigadier General James H. Elmsley was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces.
Yvette Coppersmith graduated from the Victorian College of the Arts with a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
Shir La'Ahava (Yachad) is a song that was released in 1999.
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, also known as Jorge, plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Palle Makuruppe is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Kelvin Leerdam began his career in 2013 with the club SBV Vitesse.
Rachel Webster graduated with a Bachelor of Science from Monash University.
RAF Prestwick is located in South Ayrshire where the local authority is South Ayrshire.
Urtatau is a hamlet in Russia.
The Marion Correctional Institution in Marion, Florida, was established in 1976. The Marion Correctional Institution is operated by the Florida Department of Corrections.
Marlies Göhr was awarded the Star of People's Friendship in 1986.
The 1977 Women's Junior World Handball Championship was organized by the International Handball Federation and took place in Romania.
Anemosa is a human settlement in Arcadia.
Yanco is located in the Division of Farrer, which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Stary Kalkash is a hamlet in Russia.
The song "Pare ta Chnaria Mou" is performed by Stelios Kazantzidis.
T.E Kebbel was a member of the Inner Temple which he joined on 19 January 1850.
Beaver's Pond Press is a United States company that was founded in 1998.
The Trichardtsfontein Dam is in South Africa.
Adebayo Adigun started his career in 2016 for the FK Ventspils.
Dave Taylor ( ice hockey ) won the King Clancy Memorial Trophy in 1991.
The 291st Engineer Combat Battalion is from the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg won the Rungstedlund Award in 2009.
The A.T. Gifford is a ship from the United States.
Matej Podstavek began his career in 2015 with FC Fredericia.
Ajay Maroo, whose given name is Ajay, is a human being.
Manoj Joshi won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2017.
Tivadar Uray won the Kossuth Prize in 1955.
Joyce Meyer is located in St. Louis, Missouri.
The time zone of Kyzyl-Ozyok is Omsk time, it ended on 27 March 2016.
Vera Evison was educated at the Prendergast School, graduating in 1937.
Nikolai Utkin graduated from the Imperial Academy of Arts in 1800.
Knut Hauge won the Aschehoug Prize in 1977.
Siege in Fog is a TV series from China.
Martin Harnik started playing for the Austria national football team in 2007.
The Dwikora Harbour is in Indonesia.
Vera Chapman is the author of The King's Damosel, the book that is the basis of the Quest for Camelot.
Allison Tolman was born in Houston, Texas.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is remembered for his poem "A Psalm of Life".
The San Rafael National Park was created on May 29th, 1992. San Rafael National Park falls under the IUCN category II: National Park.
Betzaida Ubri started playing for the Dominican Republic women's national football team in 2010.
Ciarán Hinds is in the film Justice League, he plays Steppenwolf.
Shadows of Liberty is from the United Kingdom and is made in English.
Jeremy Irons, Count of Tripoli, starred in the film Kingdom of Heaven.
David Carreira won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Portuguese Act in 2014.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Music Video in 2006.
The University of Oregon was a member of the Pac-12 Conference which began in 1915.
The State Pariyatti Sasana University, Mandalay is in Myanmar.
Jason Robert Brown won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical in 1999.
Jamal Blackman played for Middlesbrough FC in the 2014-15 Football League Championship.
The show Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects in 2014.
Narendra Modi, who was Prime Minister of India, was a participant in the 2017 SCO summit.
Voskan Yerevantsi, who resided in Amsterdam, began his career in 1664.
Bangladesh is the country that the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Costume Design comes from.
Max Barry won the Aurealis Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 2013.
Cooks' Cottage was first established in Australia in 1934.
A. Brooks Harris won the Lars Onsager Prize in 2007.
Colin Ingram began his career in 2018 with Karachi Kings.
Peter Comensoli served as Titular Bishop of Tigisis in Numidia.
Simon Armitage won the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry in 2010.
Alla Danko, who speaks Russian, won the Merited Artist of the Russian Federation award.
Alan G. Poindexter served as the Space Shuttle's pilot. He was also a crew member of STS-122.
Myles McKeon served as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Perth.
The Korean Air Flight 858 was located in the Andaman Sea at 0100.
John Fairweather was the architect of The Apollo, Glasgow, which opened on 5 September 1973.
Gérard Gasiorowski was born in Paris in 1945.
D.B. Brinquedos is a business located in Brazil.
Wangtan, Jiangsu is a village in China.
William F. Ekstrom Library is located in the United States.
Syd Goodfellow is a player for Chesterfield FC.
Ruth Chatterton was born in New York City, United States.
The United States is the origin of Make Me Wanna Scream, which is the sequel to Breathe (blu Cantrell song).
Roger L. Greene won the Bruno Klopfer Award in 2010.
Rosemary Lowe-McConnell won the Linnean Medal in 1997.
The Bicksler Block is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Bombay Company, founded in 1978, is located in New Orleans.
Les Pyjamasques is a book series from France.
Jack Elwyn Evans, a human, is a member of the Broughton Rangers.
Evensk is located in the Vladivostok Time zone which ended on 24 April 2016.
The 2007 FILA World Grappling Championship was held in Wrestling.
Kader Mangane started playing for Senegal in 2003.
Adrian Ucchino started his career in 2015 with the APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC.
Michael Maar won the Heinrich Mann Prize in 2010.
Dmitri Kabutov began his career in 2016 and is a member of FC Luch Vladivostok.
Sweden's Viktoria Helgesson is a competitor in ladies' singles in figure skating at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Anja Fichtel won the gold medal in the women's foil event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Glen Spey Distillery is located in Moray where the local authority is.
Oncieu is in the Canton of Ambérieu-en-Bugey, which was created on March 22, 2015.
Dorogino is located in the Krasnoyarsk time zone, the start of which was on 24 July 2016.
The business Planet 24 is in was founded in 1992.
Tim Hardaway won the NBA All-Rookie Team in 1990.
Dylan Baker won the Theatre World Award in 1989.
The Agam Regency was the administrative territory of West Sumatra, which was established on 10 August 1957.
Artemidoros Aniketos's father was Maues and he had a child called Telephos Euergetes.
John Galt is a character in the film Atlas Shrugged: Part I, the director of which, is Paul Johansson.
Chida is a human settlement in Pakistan.
David J. Tholen discovered the moon Larissa, which is a moon of Neptune.
Jonathan Bolingi is a human being who plays for Jomo Cosmos FC.
The musical instrument Double bass is played by Sting, the father of which is Mickey Sumner.
Stephen O'Rahilly was awarded the Croonian Lecture in 2011.
Daniel Ricciardo won the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year in 2015.
Isabella Rossellini, who plays Katya Derevko, is a character in Alias.
Popara is a dish from Turkey.
The Ponte de Praia da Barra is a bridge in Portugal.
Richard Bohn is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Turkey Town in Alabama, United States, is a ghost town.
Henning Larsen won the Eckersberg Medal in 1965.
Leon Mestel was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 2002.
Jamie Greubel won the bronze medal in the two-woman bobsleigh event at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Norbert Csernyánszki started playing for Paksi FC in 2009.
DekaBank, a member of the Deutscher Dialogmarketing Verband, is a subsidiary of S Broker AG & Co. KG.
Pariah is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Usher L. Burdick graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1904.
Brickyard Creek is a river in the United States.
Alisa Camplin won the Australian Sports Medal in 2000.
The English book Treasure Box was published by HarperCollins.
Abdul Sattar Edhi won the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize in 2009.
The Knutsford Little Theatre is a trade union which was founded in 1925.
The Helsinki Motor Show was created in 1996 in Finland.
Andres Ayala started playing for GC Biaschesi in 2011.
David Veness is an employee of the Metropolitan Police Service, where he served as Assistant Commissioner.
Manjul Bhargava was awarded the Fields Medal in 2014.
The Newfoundland and Labrador Route 390 is a road in Canada.
Marco Tizza started his career on the Amore & Vita-Prodir in 2019.
Mamadou Diallo, born in 1982, began his career in 2015 with A.F.C. Tubize.
2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship was the follow up to the 2014 Men's European Water Polo Championship.
Joey Barton played for Queens Park Rangers F.C. in the 2013-14 Football League Championship.
Denny Moore was a MacArthur Fellow in 1999.
Akapei Latu is a human who plays Judo.
Thomas Lewis (cardiologist) was awarded the Croonian Lecture in 1917.
Clara Barton Parkway, which is operated by the National Park Service, is named after Clara Barton.
Reel Theatres is a cinema chain in the United States.
Victor Morin won the Pierre Chauveau Medal in 1956.
Jonathan Frakes starred in Loud as a Whisper and plays the character William Riker.
The headquarters of Avid Technology are located in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States.
Krzysztof Penderecki was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 1992.
S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan won the National Medal of Science in 2010.
Yun Humyong won the Yi Sang Literary Award in 1995.
Ingenia Technology is a business that was started in 2003.
Paul Brandon Barringer graduated from the University of Virginia and is buried in the University of Virginia Cemetery.
Hettenshaw Valley is located in the United States.
John Ricard was the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore.
Walter Kingsmill was awarded the Knight Bachelor Award in 1933.
The Meagre Company is located in the Rijksmuseum which was established on 2 October 1885.
The Naganuma Station in Shizuoka was opened in 1908 and is adjacent to Yunoki Station (Fuji).
The B.C. Catholic is a periodical literature that was established in 1929.
David L. Mills won the 2013 IEEE Internet Award.
Gordon Elliott Fogg was awarded the Leeuwenhoek Lecture in 1968.
Family Forensics UK is a reality television series.
Borkowice , Brzeg County is located in the UTC + 01:00 Standard time zone.
Helen Durham studied at the University of Melbourne, where she received a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Mandeep Singh is a field hockey player whose sport is human.
Archery is one of the Asian Games sports.
The Johan Bruyneel Cycling Academy is a cycling team based in the United States.
Farhan Roslan started his career in the Malaysia national under 23 football team in 2015.
Erwin Engeler was awarded the List of Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1995.
Najib Tareque graduated from Rajshahi Collegiate School in 1986.
Elizabeth Rona won the Haitinger Prize in 1933.
Marcel Langsam won the Prix Grand-Duc Adolphe in 1930.
Valentin Pokrovsky won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 1997.
Artur Maloyan was born in Krasnodar, Soviet Union.
John Weidman won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical in 2000.
Panatale is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Alain Mogès started his career in 2013 for Calais RUFC.
Dominic Keating, who plays the character Malcolm Reed, stars in Fallen Hero.
Newcastle Emlyn Urban District is located in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Omar Guerra started playing for Santiago Morning in 2011.
Merneith was a member of the First Dynasty of Egypt and his place of burial was Abydos, Egypt.
The Iwanami Station, opened in 1944, is adjacent to Susono Station.
Dadi Pudumjee won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1992.
Irene Rigau was a member of the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia, which ended in 2016.
Chisnall Hall Colliery is a coal mine in the United Kingdom.
Sarah Louise Rung won the Aftenposten Gold Medal in 2012.
Zhang Juanjuan won the 2006 Archery World Cup, together with a bow.
Kim Little started playing for Scotland in 2007.
Tendai Station, opened on 12 June 1991, is adjacent to Anagawa Station (Chiba).
Amos Oz was awarded the Franz Kafka Prize in 2013.
Dwayne Sawyer, a member of the Republican Party of the United States, is known as Dwayne Sawyer.
Fukuyama Station is on the Fukuen Line operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Shangzhi is located in Harbin which was established on 11 August 1996.
Nehemia Solossa started playing for the club PS Barito Putera in 2012.
Eglinton Avenue is the location of Fairbank station, which is named after Fairbank, Toronto.
Mitsuru Miyamoto graduated from Hokkaido University, Hokkaido University, majoring in Engineering.
John P. Hannah began his career as a senior adviser on September 20, 2013.
Vladimir Gabulov was awarded the Russian Federation Presidential Certificate of Honour in 2018.
The mascot character Karak is from Australia.
Florian Ayé began his career in 2015 and plays for AJ Auxerre.
Stary Onokhoy is a village in Russia.
Lewis C. Cantley won the Heinrich Wieland Prize in 2000.
The song "I Know" was written by Luther Vandross and followed the song "Nights in Harlem" and "I Can Make It Better".
The comic book character Animal Man was written by Grant Morrison and published by DC Comics.
Blake Jenner starred in the TV series Glee, where Ryder Lynn is one of the characters.
Nizami, Sabirabad is located in Sabirabad District and the district was established on 8 August 1930.
English is the language of An Eye on X which originates from the United Kingdom.
Bilozerka Raion is located in Kherson Oblast, the administrative territory of which, was established on 30 March 1944.
Taymuraz Toboyev's club is FC Guria Lanchkhuti, he started playing for the team on January 1, 2016.
Gregory Peck won the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award in 1967.
The Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway is a narrow gauge railway in the United Kingdom.
Andrey Kolmogorov won the Lobachevsky Prize in 1986.
Dmitry Rybolovlev is the owner of AS Monaco FC. He started his career on 23 December 2011.
Kowich is a human settlement in South Sudan.
German submarine U-993 was laid down on 16 November 1942.
The artist Captain Beefheart, a member of the Abstract Expressionism movement, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Sparky J's is a jazz club in the United States.
Keiynan Lonsdale, who plays Wally West, starred in The Flash (2014 TV series).
Johan van Nes worked in Italy in 1623.
Yvonne Drewry is relative to James Sidney Drewry who is an uncle.
Keiko Kishi is a cast member of The Fossil, which is from Japan.
Constantinos Panagi started playing for the Cyprus national under 21 football team in 2013.
The Sam Wanamaker Award was established in 1994.
Bryan Clarke won the Linnean Medal in 2003.
Josua Tuisova's given name is Josua. He plays for Lyon OU.
Gabriel Pigrée started his football career in 2014 and plays for the French Guiana national football team.
Yeardley Smith, who voiced Lisa Simpson in the film, is a character in the film The Simpsons.
Cody Claver began his career on July 1, 2016 with SC Cambuur.
Palace of the Countess of Lebrija was designated Bien de Interés Cultural in 1968.
Georgi Kyoseivanov was born in Peshtera, Eastern Rumelia.
Metten Abbey was a part of the Bavarian Congregation which was established in 1858.
Alun Armstrong starred in The Saint, a 1997 film, whose main character is Claud Eustace Teal.
Ex Libris is a party game published by Oxford Games.
The architecture style of Arkansas City High School (Arkansas) is Colonial Revival and the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The MV Spirit of Chartwell is a ship from the United Kingdom.
Dimitri Payet started playing for the France national football team in 2010.
Andrew Stewart Mackenzie's position was Chief Executive Officer of BHP.
The 71st Academy Awards were held on March 21st 1999 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.
Xavier Dolan won the Québec Cinéma Award for Best Film in 2010.
Wisconsin Miss Basketball is a United States based basketball competition.
Agro ParisTech is located in Paris at rue Claude-Bernard.
Andrew O'Hagan was the winner of the E.M. Forster Award in 2003.
Ernest Noble won a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1974.
The Co-operators Cup is a curling tournament from Canada.
Sonarang Twin Temples is a Matha in Bangladesh.
The Etonkids Bilingual Kindergarten is located in China.
Michail Antonio played in the 2011-12 FA Cup, where he played for Reading FC.
George Gershwin won the Grammy Trustees Award in 1986.
Hennersdorf bei Wien is located in the Standard time zone and uses UTC + 01:00.
Lidiya Smirnova is a character in Balzaminov's Marriage, in which she plays Akulina Krasavina.
Enrico Coen won the EMBO Gold Medal in 1996.
The Beach is a song by Miss Kittin, the song was followed by Professional Distortion.
Petra Nielsen won the Guldmasken award in 1992.
The software Stardock Central was developed by Stardock.
Avery Brooks plays the character Benjamin Sisko in the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine series of films. He also stars in Chrysalis.
Wilt Chamberlain won the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award in 1960.
The Autostrada del Brennero is a joint-stock company that was founded in Trento.
Jason Jones is a footballer for Swansea City AFC and is a human being.
Kawauchi Station ( Miyagi ) is adjacent to the International Center Station, which is located towards Arai Station (Miyagi).
Stephen Mann ( chemist ) won the Davy Medal in 2016.
Gneixendorf is a human settlement in Austria.
Brian Oliván started his career in 2015 playing for the club Recreativo Granada.
Mumford & Sons won the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Music Film.
Orange Records is a record label based in the United Kingdom.
APOP Kinyras FC competed in the Cypriot First Division in 2008-09 and their home ground is the Peyia Municipal Stadium.
Esbjerg Stadium is the home ground of Esbjerg fB, an association football club.
Prospect Heights is located in Colorado, United States.
Gilean McVean won the Weldon Memorial Prize in 2012.
The 2017 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships was the second ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, which was followed by the 2018 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.
The award of Bir Uttom was given to Sultan Mahmud (officer) in 1973.
The Helsinki University Observatory became a museum in 2012.
The film Pride & Prejudice starred Carey Mulligan who portrayed Catherine Bennet.
The Ashton Coal Mine is located in Australia.
Richie Porte, a member of Team Ineos, was a participant in the 2019 Tour de France.
The book Wild Pilgrimage was published in 1932.
Demidovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Charlotte Mutsaers was awarded the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 2000.
Jeffrey Pierce is the voice actor in the TV series The Last of Us. He also voiced Tommy.
Hassan Koeman Sesay started playing for the Sierra Leone national football team in 2000.
Camilla Gryski is a circus performer and human.
Elbayon Station is located in the Shurchi District, and is considered an urban type settlement.
Hayuma Tanaka was born in Matsumoto, Nagano which is part of Nagano Prefecture.
Shane Confectionery is a business located in Philadelphia.
David N. Livingstone was awarded the title of Fellow of the British Academy in 1995.
Ibrahim Kallay began his career in 2014 and plays for the Sierra Leone national football team.
Terry Gross was awarded the National Humanities Medal in 2015.
Liam Neeson, who plays Mikhail Polenin, starred in K-19: The Widowmaker.
Otto von Guericke was born in Magdeburg, where the mayor is the official position.
The Arboretum of Craonne is a botanical garden located in France.
Rupert Hill, who was married to Jenny Platt, began his relationship with Jenny Platt in 2013.
Marian Anderson, was awarded the Kennedy Center Honors in 1978.
Bronwyn Halfpenny graduated from La Trobe University with a Bachelor of Economics degree.
Katy Manning, who portrayed Jo Grant, is a character in the TV series Doctor Who.
Miguel Araujo is a member of the Peru national football team and was a participant in the 2019 Copa América.
Wilhelm Wien, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics, was the winner in 1911.
Kolta is in Slovakia, where it started in 1993.
Dhanyawadi is a human settlement in Myanmar.
The character Prince Hamlet was played by Johnston Forbes-Robertson in the 1913 film Hamlet.
Khatauli railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Tomokazu Seki, who performs the Japanese language work Ezio Auditore da Firenze.
Leandro Delgado started his career in 2011 and plays for Chile.
The Veliko Tarnovo Municipality is twinned with Bitola, the start date for which is 23 November 2006.
Julio Maya plays for Club Atlético River Plate Puerto Rico and is a human being.
Herbert Moody played football for Luton Town FC and is a human being.
London Riverside is located in the United Kingdom, in the River Thames.
LeVar Burton, who plays Geordi La Forge, starred in Clues (Star Trek: The Next Generation).
The Sotavento Islands are in the Atlantic Ocean, and Maio, Cape Verde is part of the group.
Shoufeng railway station is located in Standard time in Taiwan.
Nuka is a human settlement in Kiribati.
Frank Sobott is affiliated with the Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology and works at the University of Leeds.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang is located southwest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakhon Sawan.
Chuprinino is a village in Russia.
Anagawa Station ( Chiba ) was opened on 12 June 1991. It is located next to Sports Center Station.
Walter Hayman won the Adams Prize in 1948.
Tonbok is a human settlement in Myanmar.
The Apache Software Foundation is the developer of the operating system, Apache Mynewt.
Journeys with George is written in English and originates from the United States.
The IEEE Committee on Earth Observation is a committee of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Fraser Forster played for Stockport County FC in the 2008-09 Football League One.
The cast of Selma includes Niecy Nash, who plays Richie Jean Jackson.
Conte II Cabinet's leader is Giuseppe Conte who started his career on 5 September 2019.
The Usk Valley Walk is a long distance trail in the United Kingdom.
Häxan Surtant is a television show from Sweden.
KeWlers is a Demogroup from Finland.
Scott Nicolay won the World Fantasy Award for Short Fiction in 2015.
1982 FA Cup Final was preceded by the 1981 FA Cup Final and followed by the 1983 FA Cup Final.
Robertson Davies won the Molson Prize in 1988.
JaCorey Shepherd began playing for Birmingham Iron in 2018.
The headquarters of Lockheed Martin Space Systems are located in Denver, United States.
Olli Saarela, who won the Jussi Award for Best Director, directed Ambush ( 1999 film ) in 1999.
Kati Wilhelm won a gold medal in the women's relay event at the Biathlon at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The Road Within was made in the United States and the cinematographer was Christopher Baffa.
Paul Ifill began his career in 2009 and now plays for Wellington Phoenix FC.
Silvia Monfort starred in Les Misérables ( 1958 film )'s own version of the role of Éponine.
Camila Quiroga began her residence in Buenos Aires in 1906.
Berry Bros & Rudd are headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
Dee Bradley Baker is the voice actor of Gravemind in Halo 3.
Kaija Saariaho won the Stoeger Prize in 2000.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno won the Alice James Award in 2008.
Benoit Mandelbrot started working at Yale University in 1987.
George Geldorp was born in Cologne in 1609.
Steve Borg started his career in 2015 with Aris Limassol FC.
Adam Burish played at the 2008 IIHF World Championship for the United States men's national ice hockey team.
Andrey Teteryuk is the coach of Astana City, the team he started coaching in 2015.
Dawn News was founded in 2007 and is owned by Dawn Media Group.
Silická Jablonica is in Slovakia, which became a country in 1993.
Edward Shippen, Mayor of Philadelphia, was relative to William Shippen Sr.
The Pink Panther stars Peter Sellers, who plays Inspector Clouseau.
David J. Wales was a member of the Royal Society in 2016.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Ayacucho is located in Venezuela.
The Bank of Starbuck is located in Washington, United States.
Aqhari Abdullah began playing for LionsXII in 2013.
The British Rail 10100 was manufactured at Derby Works in December 1950.
Amr Samaka started his career with Tala'ea El Gaish SC in 2011.
Odessa, the twinned administrative body of Regensburg, began in 1990.
Division of Cooper was replaced by Division of Batman which was dissolved in 2019.
The film Mystic River is based on the novel Mystic River written by Dennis Lehane.
Tina Manning, married to John Trudell, is a human being.
Sankt Georgen bei Obernberg am Inn is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in 2005.
Oxford University Boat Club is a rowing club in the United Kingdom.
Korphe is a human settlement in Pakistan.
Kiss Me Monster originated in Spain and is in the German language.
Ahmed Adel Abdel Moneam began his career in 2010 and is a member of the Egyptian national football team.
The Sukenobu Station which is adjacent to Hikuma Station was opened in 1909.
The Clockmaker won the Louis Delluc Prize in 1973.
Sri Lanka became a member of the International Finance Corporation in 1956.
Evansville White Sox play in the United States and play in the Baseball league.
Sangjeongbawisan is a mountain in South Korea.
The Moffat Academy is located in Dumfries and Galloway, where the local authority is Dumfries and Galloway.
Larry Fritz is a human being who played for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Francis Grenfell, 1st Baron Grenfell, was a commander in the IV Corps in the United Kingdom. He fought in the Mahdist War.
The American Federation of Motorcyclists is a sports organization in the United States.
The business Nifty Comics is in was founded in 1995.
Momoiro Clover Z won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Japanese Act in 2013.
Mick Pearce is the architect of Council House 2 located on Little Collins Street, Melbourne.
The Koya Line is connected to the Kansai Main Line, which is located at Shin-Imamiya Station.
The Ampère Prize was won by Paul-André Meyer in 1982.
Alex Cross was created by James Patterson and he was portrayed by Morgan Freeman.
T. Edward Vives, known as T. Edward Vives, graduated from Florida State University.
Bingtuan Television, a television station, was founded in 2008.
M.G. Vassanji was awarded the Molson Prize in 2015.
The Millom Discovery Centre is a local museum in the United Kingdom.
Fight Night Re-Loaded was a television series which originated in the United Kingdom.
South Dickason Boulevard Residential Historic District is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ahmed Refaat started his career in 2015 with Zamalek SC.
George Vertue was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries and he is buried at Westminster Abbey.
Tamás Aczél was awarded the Kossuth Prize in 1949.
Goluboye is a village in Russia.
Jonathan Stewart started his career with the Carolina Panthers in 2008.
Flori van Acker was in Paris in 1888.
Sarika Sabrin's career began in 2008 and her native language is Bengali.
Juhani Aho, whose given name was Johannes, ended his career in 1907.
Nikolaus Harnoncourt received the Bach Medal in 2007.
Kathleen Robertson stars in Beverly Hills, 90210 as Clare Arnold.
Kolster Radio Corporation, named after Frederick A. Kolster, is in the business of making radios.
Tasuku Honjo won the Warren Alpert Foundation Prize in 2017.
The Dampilasan River is a river in the Philippines.
The Codebreakers is one of the notable works by English writer David Kahn.
The Mursal Dam is in Turkey.
The Great River of Grand Bacolet is a river in Grenada.
John W. Fitzpatrick was awarded the Brewster Medal in 1983.
Thomas Galberry was the diocesan bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford.
Hannelore Kohl was born in Berlin, Germany.
The Hanshin Main Line is connected to the Sennichimae Line which is also the line of Noda Station (Hanshin).
Arthur Bisguier was a human being who took part in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The British Lawnmower Museum is located in the United Kingdom.
Mimaland was founded in 1971 in Malaysia.
Sergio Corrieri was born in Havana, Cuba.
Sasago Station is adjacent to Kai-Yamato Station, which is located towards Nagoya Station.
Sundsvall Municipality was founded in 1634.
Karlstad University is located in Karlstad, Sweden.
Jim Jagielski won the O'Reilly Open Source Award in 2012.
Scooter Gennett started his career with the Cincinnati Reds on 28 March 2017.
The Concise Literary Encyclopedia, written by Sergey Daronyan, describes Suren Aghababyan.
The Plaza Site is located in Florida, in the United States.
Azzedine Doukha started playing for the Algeria national football team in 2011.
Rodrigo Saravia started to play for the Guatemala national football team in 2016.
Washington City Paper, a tabloid newspaper, is published in Washington D.C.
The main category for Sports in Orlando, Florida, United States, is Sports in Orlando, Florida.
Fabian Eberle started playing for FC Balzers in 2011.
Sortavala is located in or next to Lake Ladoga and is twinned with the Sölvesborg Municipality.
Tender Moments, which was the follow up to The Real McCoy, was followed by Time for Tyner.
Evie Dennis was awarded the Olympic Order in 1992.
Cheryll Tickle was a member of the Royal Society in 1998.
Joseph Lawson Howze served as an auxiliary bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jackson.
Tausengirovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Cynthia Kenyon won the Dan David Prize in 2011.
Shuto Yamamoto started playing for Kashima Antlers in 2014.
Shiriki Kumanyika graduated from Columbia University with a Master of Science degree.
Johann Heinrich Lambert is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Hugo Rietveld won the Gregori Aminoff Prize in 1995.
Inverkeilor railway station is located in Angus, Scotland, a local authority is Angus.
Friedrich Wetter began his career as a bishop on 29 June 1968.
The Rajasthani language is an ISO 639 macrolanguage. It is the main category of the Rajasthani language.
Bruce Boxleitner was born in Elgin, Illinois.
The Sainik School, Sujanpur Tihra was established on 2 November 1978.
Charles D'Ambrosio won the Whiting Awards in 2006.
In 2011, Patina Miller won the Theatre World Award.
Robert S. Langer won the 2013 Wolf Prize in Chemistry.
Christopher Fowler, who won the August Derleth Award in 2004, was the recipient.
Eric Gleacher graduated from the University of Chicago with a Master of Business Administration degree.
Hafarah is a human settlement in the United Arab Emirates.
Ivanhoe River is located in Sudbury District and its drainage basin is James Bay Basin.
The Hatun Kotama Flute School is a music school in Ecuador.
Keiko Agena, who starred in Gilmore Girls, plays Lane Kim.
Eddie Williams is a first baseman who played for the Detroit Tigers.
Barys Pukhouski started his career in June 2015 and plays for HC Motor Zaporizhia.
Crimson Tears is a single player video game that was developed by Spike.
Peter Egge was awarded Gyldendal's Endowment in 1935.
Valentina Giacinti began playing for A.C. Milan Women in 2018.
Lea Thompson, who starred in the film Back to the Future Part III, plays Lorraine Baines McFly.
The King v. Rapp is a legal case from the United States.
Sonreal, whose musical genre is hip hop music, is a performer of the Hoffman family name.
Bryan Parry starred in In the Flesh, where he played Freddie Preston.
Kevin Tillman plays for the Cal Poly Mustangs in San Luis Obispo and his brother is Pat Tillman.
Angelo Paina was a football player who ended his career on 17 January 1980.
The Davis Wade Stadium, which was inaugurated in 1914, is for American football.
Henri Cihoski was awarded the Order of Michael the Brave on October 3rd 1917.
Aruba is located in the Kingdom of the Netherlands which was established on 15 December 1954.
Lucas Sasha started his career in 2015 and is a member of PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II.
Bosman Family Vineyards is a winery in South Africa.
Shinya Yamanaka won the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy in 2010.
The Luxor Obelisk is located on the Place de la Concorde which was opened on October 25, 1936.
Star Wars is a 1991 video game developed by Krome Studios Melbourne for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Kushiwara Station is located adjacent to Miyanojin Station which is located towards Nishitetsu Fukuoka (Tenjin) Station.
The ship MS Seatruck Panorama is from Cyprus.
Ballerup station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is in use during daylight saving time.
Genga is a human settlement in Liberia.
English is the language of Southwark News, which is published in the United Kingdom.
Carlos Esquivel started playing for the Mexico national football team in 2008.
Cliff, Michigan is a ghost town in the United States.
Cian Harries started playing for the Wales national under 19 football team in 2014.
Josh Turnley started playing for LA Galaxy II in 2016.
Darra-e Kur is a cave in Afghanistan.
South Mountain is located in the Delaware County, New York state.
Derrin Ebanks started playing for the Cayman Islands national football team in 2011.
St Marks Senior Secondary Public School was established in 1990.
The International School of Business Management is in Lucerne, Switzerland.
The Worth School headquarters are in Turners Hill, United Kingdom.
Valeri Lebedev (born 1969) is a footballer for FC Khimki and his club is Human.
The Jolla was made in the United States and is the successor to the Nokia N9.
Tito Scaiano was awarded the Henry Marshall Tory Medal in 1995.
Friedrich Strack, a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, works in Halle (Saale).
Verkhny At-Uryakh is located in the Magadan Time Zone, which started on 24 April 2016.
Donguli is a human settlement in the country of Azerbaijan.
Ivan Litera, who started playing for FC Velbazhd Kyustendil in 1999, is a member of the club.
John Shipley Rowlinson was a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1970.
Shimowachi Station, which is adjacent to Yamanouchi Station (Hiroshima), was opened in 1923.
Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a mining company and is the owner of the Kittilä mine.
The Rider on the White Horse is written in German and Hauke Haien is one of the characters.
James Johnston is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, which he began playing for in 2008.
Crowfield Windmill is a windmill in the United Kingdom.
Lorenzo Insigne started his career in 2009 with S.S.C. Napoli.
The International Actuarial Association was founded in 1895 and is an organization.
The Burnside Symphony Orchestra is from Australia.
Robert Tappan Morris won the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award in 2010.
Robert W. Holley, whose residence is Los Gatos, California, ended his residence on 11 February 1993.
Space Camp is in Huntsville, Alabama in the U.S.
Paulo Ricardo started playing for Santos FC in 2014.
Anjan Bista started his career in 2015 with APF Club.
Lawrence Landweber was awarded the List of Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1996.
Jamie Tisch married Steve Tisch in 1996.
The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology is written in English and the main subject is Egyptology.
Melvin Grootfaam started his career in 2014 and plays for Amsterdamsche FC.
Jean Fritz was the winner of the Children's Literature Legacy Award in 1986.
The website IslamicTorrents was created on August 1, 2005.
Roger Freed is a human, who played for the Cincinnati Reds.
John Stanley Plaskett won the Flavelle Medal in 1932.
Ralf-Reimar Wolfram was the commanded the German submarine U-108, which had Richard Von Harpe as a crew member.
Spain is the signatory of the Berne Convention which was signed on 5 December 1887.
The mayor of Vilaverd is the leader of Vilaverd. The head of government of Vilaverd is Antonio Angles Rosich.
Filair is an airline in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Himmiste is located in Saaremaa Parish which was established on 1 January 2017.
Jane Turner wrote the screenplay for Kath & Kimderella. The character Kath Day-Knight is a fictional character in the series.
The launch of STS-63 was a significant event in that it was a rocket launch from the Kennedy Space Center. The STS-63 rocket was a significant launch.
The Southern Pacific 4294 was manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works, which was acquired by the Southern Pacific in March 1944.
Pihla was a part of Hiiumaa Parish which was created on January 1, 2017.
Abdelaziz Tawfik began his career in 2011 for Al Masry SC.
The SNCB Class 25.5 has a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement and is manufactured at the Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi.
Ilbijerri Theatre Company is a company in Australia that was founded in 1990.
The Karate Kid Part II stars William Zabka who plays Johnny Lawrence.
Staryye Sharashli is a village in Russia.
Eduard Sekler was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 2005.
Sunkist Premiere Theatre, from the United States, is a TV series.
The Berlin Hirschgarten railway station is connected to the S3 line in Berlin and the station is adjacent to Berlin-Köpenick station.
The National Highway 5 in Djibouti is a road.
Gesualdo Bufalino won the Strega Prize in 1988.
Folke Zettervall designed the Stockholm North Station building.
The Briton Motor Company was in the automotive industry and was dissolved in 1940.
Bad Schonborn-Kronau station is located in the Central European Time Zone which is valid in Standard Time.
Galyna Moskvitina was born in Kiev, Ukraine.
Chris Sgro was married to Ryan Butler from 2006.
The Cresson Traveling Scholarship comes from the United States.
Lunawa is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
The American Athletic Conference has the East Carolina Pirates as a member. The East Carolina Pirates began play in 2014.
James Philip Elliott started working for the Atomic Energy Research Establishment in 1951.
Dennis Malone Carter worked in the United States, where he was born in 1839.
The Turkmenistan women's national basketball team is a national team.
The Pawan Danavi Wind Farm is located in Sri Lanka.
Roma Porta San Paolo railway station is located in the Central European time zone, which is the time standard time is used.
The director of photography for Son Without a Home is Werner M. Lenz and the star is Werner Krauss.
The Resistance Medal was awarded to Andree Peel on October 15th, 1945.
The archaeological site of Llamachayuq Qaqa is in Peru.
Wilfred Jackson was the director of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 film ) and also the sequence director.
Vadim Bolohan started playing for the Moldova national football team in 2010.
St. Mary's Cathedral in Portland, Oregon was constructed in 1925.
Yeniyurt, Erdemli is a mahalle in Turkey.
Daveigh Chase, who voiced the character Lilo Pelekai, is the character of Lilo in Disney's Lilo & Stitch for the Game Boy Advance.
Jim Beauchamp, whose team is the Houston Astros, is a human being.
David Artell, who started his career in 2014, plays for the Gibraltar national football team.
Reva Beck Bosone graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1919.
Ageri is located in Järva Parish which was established on January 1, 2017.
Dany Maury started playing for Toulouse FC in 2014.
The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals is a trade union that was founded in 2000.
Benjamin Sulimani began his career in 2015 with SV Grödig.
Ishmael Welsh started playing for the England national football C team in 2009.
John Fisher Burns won the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award in 2007.
The Scottish Fiscal Commission, which was established in June 2014, is an organization.
David Sassoli is the President of the European Parliament, appointed by the European Parliament.
Vegoose is a music festival created in 2005.
Davit Mchedlishvili started his career in 2006 with FC Ameri Tbilisi.
The DeKalb Superspiel is a women's curling competition.
Yunose Dam is located in Japan.
Maryse Carmichael served as an aircraft pilot in the Canadian Armed Forces.
Gaston Ramon won CNRS gold medal in 1958.
Brit Selby won the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1966.
Patrimoni Cultural is a heritage site in Andorra.
Arnold Orville Beckman was awarded the Hoover Medal in 1981.
Liao I-chiu studied at the National Taiwan University, and is the younger brother of Liao Liou-yi.
Edward Douglass White Sr., whose language is English, was the father of Edward Douglass White.
Maplewood, Minnesota's head of government is Nora Slawik, who began her career in 2014.
Loudmouth Golf was founded in 2000. The sport is golf.
East Japan Railway Company operates the Uetsu Main Line which is connected to Akita Station.
The human Gwilym Tew is a sibling to Rhys Brydydd.
The Blue Line of the Delhi Metro began service on 11 November 2006 and runs from Noida City Centre metro station to the Delhi Metro.
Vasily Artemyev plays for the Russia national rugby union team and is a human being.
Endrit Idrizaj began his career in 2014 and plays for KF Tirana.
Niyangama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Chasselas is a grape variety from France.
Tim Smits started his career in 2013 with Olympic FC.
Roland Varga began his career in 2015 with Ferencvarosi TC.
Erich P. Ippen was awarded the Frederic Ives Medal in 2006.
Genevieve Taggard was educated at Punahou School, ending it in 1914.
Hannah Broederlow, given name Hannah, graduated from the University of Otago.
The Wuzhen Theatre Festival is located in China.
The headquarters of Czech Airlines are located in Prague, on Evropská street.
The Breakwater Lodge was a business school that began in 1991.
Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Gloucester, was the father of Amice de Clare. He was buried in Tewkesbury Abbey.
Elizabeth Kean was a member of the Republican party in the United States. She is an advocate for human rights.
La Ley Innata originates from Spain and is written in Spanish.
The band Slim is a rock and pop band from the United States.
The Berne Convention was signed on June 17th 2000 by Belize.
The Broadmoor Trophy is a sports award in ice hockey.
Gabriel Palmeros started his career in 2001 with Santos Laguna.
Merrill D. Peterson resided in Charlottesville, Virginia, and retired on 23 September 2009.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 436 is a road in Canada.
The R282 road is in the Republic of Ireland.
Gouramangi Singh began his career in 2015 and he plays for FC Pune City.
The Pacific Rolling Mill Company is located in San Francisco, United States.
Midnight in Saint Petersburg stars Michael Caine, who plays Harry Palmer.
The main category for the Sognsvann Line of Oslo Metro is Sognsvannsbanen.
The Monumento ao Bombeiro is an architectural structure in Portugal.
Conagra Brands headquarters are located in Omaha, Nebraska, in the United States.
Sugarloaf is located in the Electoral District of Polwarth in Victoria.
DJ Dahi performs hip hop music and is a human being.
HMS Mentor, which was built in Massachusetts in 1780, was never completed.
Laros Duarte started playing for the Netherlands national under 19 football team in 2015.
The main category of capital gains taxes are capital gains taxes which are from Spain.
Sanjay Khan stars in Upaasna, which comes from India.
South Western Pirkanmaa is a sub-region of Finland.
Jussi Adler-Olsen was awarded the Order of the Dannebrog in 2015.
The Bahrain-Merida Pro Cycling Team was sponsored by Merida Bikes, and began their sponsorship in 2017.
Chongqing Bachuan International High School is located in Chongqing, China.
The 1985 Dyfed County Council election was a local election.
Aikatsu Friends was shown on TX Network and was produced by Bandai Namco Pictures.
The JWP Junior Championship is a professional wrestling championship.
Friend v. Childs Dining Hall Co. is a legal case from the United States.
Apollo Soucek was buried in Arlington National Cemetery on July 26th 1955.
Federal Assembly is the same as Bundesversammlung and can be found on the Wikimedia disambiguation page.
The 1C1 3900, manufactured by Westinghouse Electric Corporation, is operated by the Chemins de fer du Midi.
Jack Dyer has won the Australian Sports Medal, which is given annually since 24 October 2000.
The main subject of Davy and the Goblin is Christmas. It is written in English.
Felix Ehrenhaft won the Haitinger Prize in 1917.
Jang Hee-mang started his career with Sportivo Trinidense in 2017.
Vitaliy Shumeyko began his career in 2013 and now plays for FC Guria Lanchkhuti.
The Bucheon Stadium was opened on 25 March 2001 and is used for association football.
Josh Hartnett plays the character Eben Olemaun in the film 30 Days of Night.
Emilio Orejas Orejas is the Mayor of Valdelugueros.
The Baltimore Orioles radio network is based in the United States and broadcast baseball.
Mukul Niketon High School is located in North America and is in Bangladesh.
Peter Goldreich won the Chapman Medal in 1985.
Terry Griggs was nominated for the Marian Engel Award in 2002.
Iopolis is a human settlement in Turkey.
Estadio Parrillas One is a sports venue in Honduras.
Girvan distillery is located in South Ayrshire, where the local authority is South Ayrshire.
Brian Lavender is a member of the California Golden Seals and is a human being.
The New York Knicks started play at Madison Square Garden in 1946.
Ken Inglis graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Master of Arts degree.
Music for the film Bheja Fry, a sequel to Bheja Fry, was composed by Ishq Bector.
Geraint Thomas began his career in 2010 and has played for Team Ineos.
Tom Wolfe was awarded the Jefferson Lecture in 2006.
Shizuo Kakutani was awarded the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy in 1982.
Trifanovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Las Ollas Arriba is a corregimiento in Panama.
Laurent Terzieff, who plays Pierre Brisson in the film Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre, is the star of the movie.
The University of Zurich is the developer of Corpus Corporum, a digital library.
Nikki Fargas is the head coach of the LSU Lady Tigers basketball team which is part of the Southeastern Conference.
The College Level Examination Program is in the United States and is maintained by the College Board.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism is the maintainer of Japan National Route 25 and the designated section is also maintained by the Ministry.
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is an intercity bus company located in Canada.
The MV Malaspina is a ship that is located in the United States.
The French ironclad Guyenne is a ship from France.
Cego, a tarot card game, is from Austria.
Colonia Angamos Airport is located in Peru and has an aerodrome.
Gilnockie Tower is located in the local authority of Dumfries and Galloway.
Bart Leysen, whose son is Senne Leysen, played for Lotto.
Sonic360 Records is a record label that was founded in 2000.
Tom Lutz won the American Book Awards in 2008.
Joan Kane is a 2014 winner of the American Book Awards.
The headquarters of Equa bank are located in Prague 8 on Karolinská Street.
Piligama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
We in the Zone are a band from South Korea that performs rock and pop music.
Gerard Aafjes started his career in 2014 and plays for Quick Boys.
The home ground for Apollon Limassol FC is the Tsirio Stadium which was started in 1975.
Shkemb Miftari started his career in 2013 with the Stuttgarter Kickers II.
Luana Patten plays the character of Tildy in So Dear to My Heart.
Andrey Bukhlitskiy began his career in 2007 and plays for the Russia national beach soccer team.
Gediminas Kirkilas is the chairperson of the Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania who has been in office since April 13, 2018.
The Appalachian Children's Home is a school in the United States.
Ricardo Grigore started his career in 2017 for FC Dinamo Bucuresti.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ihosy is in Madagascar.
Arthur William Baden Powell was awarded the Hector Memorial Medal in 1947.
Berat Island is located in Albania.
Illawong is located in the Division of Hughes, which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Mike Mampuya, whose real name is Mike, played for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.
Mitch Nichols began his career in 2009 and plays for the Australia national soccer team.
The Woodstock and Sycamore Traction Company is located in the United States and was opened in 1911.
Gary Honey competed in the long jump at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Boris Dyozhkin was born in Kursk, Russian Empire.
Barret Wallace is a player character in Final Fantasy VII.
Fyodor Kostenko was awarded the Order of Lenin in 1942.
Michael Green started playing for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC in 2012.
Molepolole Stadium is located in Botswana.
Kate Walsh is the actress who portrayed Addison Montgomery in Grey's Anatomy.
American Boulevard station is adjacent to Bloomington Central station, which is on the Metro Blue Line in Minnesota.
Veton Berisha started his career in 2013 and plays for the Norway national under-21 football team.
Uttara Ganabhaban is located in Natore District, Bangladesh.
Saad Bguir started playing for Espérance Sportive de Tunis in 2015.
Eric Johnson ( tight end )'s spouse is Jessica Simpson, he was married to Jessica Simpson in 2014.
The Maronesa is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Lawrence R Heaney began his career in 1988 working at the Field Museum of Natural History.
Turkey began to produce Yozgat on 29 October 1923.
The Marne de Flize Formation is a geological formation in France.
The Lakefield Chiefs are an ice hockey team.
Moshe Weinfeld was awarded the Israel Prize in 1994.
Eric Frenzel was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 2014.
Lillian Faderman won the Judy Grahn Award in 2004.
Harry Allan was awarded the Hector Memorial Medal in 1942.
Osman Mendez began his career in 2014 with the Dayton Dutch Lions.
Nicholas Kemmer won the Max Planck Medal in 1983.
Cherrie Ying is a cast member of Nothing is Impossible, which is from Hong Kong.
Ajrim is a human settlement in Afghanistan.
Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall in South Africa.
The Southern Star (Alabama) was founded in 1867 and is a newspaper.
Tuzukley is a village in Russia.
Wanduramulla is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Cocorote is a human settlement in the country of Venezuela.
London Children's Ballet, a dance troupe, was established in 1994.
The director of photography for Tadakha is Arthur A. Wilson and the film editor is Gautam Raju.
Bob Massie ( politician ) won the Lionel Gelber Prize in 1998.
Reitumetse Moloisane was born in Lesotho and started playing for the national team in 2008.
Majkel Peçi began his career in 2015 with his club KF Tirana B.
State v. Allen is a legal case from the United States.
George Burgess began playing rugby league for the England national rugby league team in 2012.
Lydia Rubio Ferrer was born in Havana, Cuba.
The Montenotte Hotel is located in the Republic of Ireland.
Henry Nettleship won the Gaisford Prize in 1859.
Science Central is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
The game controller is an input method for Just Shapes & Beats which is available for Microsoft Windows.
Louis Van Lint worked in the city of Brussels in 1959.
Suusamyr is located in the Jayyl District which was established on September 29, 1995.
The Kochuveli - Mangaluru Junction Antyodaya Express is a rail transport in India.
Andreas Gielchen started his career in 1996 with SV Bergisch Gladbach 09, he now plays for the club.
William Manondo was born in Zimbabwe, he started playing for the national team in 2016.
The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians is a book written by Henry Miers Elliot.
Jorge Ben is the album that was released in Brazil on Philips Records.
Rahkeem Cornwall started playing for the Leeward Islands cricket team in 2011.
Henry McQuade is a human being, whose family name is McQuade.
Daniel Tarullo was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
Roberto Assagioli began his residence in Florence in 1904.
Rockwave Festival was founded in 1996 and is a rock music festival.
Barton S. Alexander, who served in the United States, was buried in San Francisco National Cemetery.
Tiffany Million won the AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1995.
The State University of New York is located in Albany, New York, United States.
The director of photography of A Sold Life is Franco Delli Colli and Rodolfo Bianchi stars in it.
Adam and the Ants are from London and are signed to the record label Sony Music.
Frederick Rees worked at the University of Wales, where he was Vice Chancellor.
Joan Tarda is a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia party, which he joined in 1996.
KLM began operating the Boeing 787 Dreamliner on November 23, 2015.
Staroye Azmeyevo is a village in Russia.
Minnesota State Highway 110 is part of the Minnesota Trunk Highway System and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
James E. Darnell won the National Medal of Science in 2002.
The Four Lions Fountain is a monument in Serbia.
The Tupolev '73' is an aircraft manufactured by Tupolev.
Vestlandsbonden is a periodical literature which was created in 1904.
The mayor of Valenton is the head of government in Valenton, whose leader is Francoise Baud.
The Bissinger Wool Pullery is a business located in the United States.
Rashmi Parida, who played for the Odisha cricket team, graduated from Ravenshaw University.
The JR Kobe Line, operated by West Japan Railway Company, is connected to Shin-Nagata Station.
Melissa Scott won the 1986 Astounding Award for Best New Writer.
The production company of Fast Train is Mosfilm. The original language of the film or TV show is Russian.
Asha, Russia, is the capital of Ashinsky District which was established on November 12th 1960.
Rieko Ioane started playing for the New Zealand national rugby union team in 2016.
Derek Jeter has won the Best Play ESPY Award in 2002.
Dominion, a card game, won the Origins Award in 2009.
Ken Narita starred in the movie, Inuyasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler. Ken Narita's character is Sesshomaru.
Dorothy Hill won the Clarke Medal in 1966.
Oveta Culp Hobby was awarded the Distinguished Americans series in 2011.
James Sands, started playing for New York City FC in 2017.
San Pedro Zacapa is a human settlement in Honduras.
Angelo Drossos won the NBA Executive of the Year Award in 1978.
Erwin Teufel won the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group in 2005.
The film Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library won the Leo Award for Best Production Design in a Youth or Children's Program or Series in 2018.
Leonard Francis Lindoy won the Centenary Prize in 2009.
Israel Dagg started his career on 12 June 2010 and plays for the New Zealand national rugby union team.
David Logan ( chemist ) won the Corday-Morgan Prize in 1992.
West India Quay DLR station is located on the Docklands Light Railway line, and is adjacent to Poplar DLR station.
Raffaele La Capria won the Strega Prize in 1961.
The Princess Bride was directed by Adrian Biddle and the production designer was Norman Garwood.
Zhoumeng North Road station is adjacent to Sakura Park station, which is located towards Xiapu station (Ningbo Rail Transit).
The Mayor of Montejaque is the head of government in Montejaque where Diego Sanchez Sanchez is also the leader.
Mabat is a news program that is broadcast on Channel 1 in Israel.
Fire Monsters Against the Son of Hercules originates from Italy, where the Italian language is spoken.
Jeanne Moreau won the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997.
The headquarters of Natixis are in Paris, France.
John Campbell, a human, played rugby for the Sydney Roosters.
Sierra Boggess is the performer of the song "Once Upon a Dream", which is written in English.
Federico Vismara started his career in 2016 with Racing Club de Avellaneda.
Dortmund-Rahm station can be found in the Central European time zone which is valid in Standard time.
Weather Systems is the English language album from Anathema. The music genre of the album is progressive rock.
Guy Wetmore Carryl is the author of Fables for the Frivolous which is a book.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism is the maintainer of Japan National Route 115. The Ministry is the designated section.
Devon Makin started his football career in 2013 for the Belize national football team.
The 58th New York State Legislature is the New York legislative session, located in the United States.
Elizabeth Blackburn was awarded the ASCB Public Service Award in 2004.
Richard N. Gardner became a member of the New York City Bar Association in 1952.
Zamudio SD are the team Paul Abasolo played for in 2015.
Robert Jarvik graduated from Syracuse University and is married to Marilyn vos Savant.
Remedios Varo, who started his residence in 1917, lives in Madrid.
The Bevins Prize is an award established in 2008.
Lyle Taylor began his career in 2015 with AFC Wimbledon.
Annamaria Serturini has represented the Italy women's national football team, which began their official career in 2019.
Helge Nielsen won the Eckersberg Medal in 1952.
Tuija Hyyrynen started her football career in Finland in 2007.
Steve Marmion has won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production, he also won the award in 2011.
Jamesie O'Connor won the All Stars Hurler of the Year award in 1997.
The Chennai Police Commissionerate is a building in India.
Horatio Torromé competed in the men's singles figure skating at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Torromé represented Argentina.
Lou Lichtveld won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize in 1953.
Tony Bancroft was the character animator for the film The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Mozart is the name of a footballer who played for the Brazilian national under-23 football team.
Shar Ink is an airline based in Russia.
Bill Clinton was the signatory of the Library Services and Technology Act on 30 September 1996.
The film Volevo i pantaloni was made in Sicily in the 1980s.
The mayor of Salem is the head of government in Salem, Valencia, where Fernando Hernandez Orts is the head of state.
The character of Kes in Star Trek is portrayed by Jennifer Lien. Darkling is one of the Star Trek: Voyager episodes.
Mary Ellen Avery received the E. Mead Johnson Award in 1968.
Oleg Tabakov was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour on 28 June 1982.
Václav Havel was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in November 2005.
Adrien-Marie Legendre began working at the Bureau des Longitudes in 1812.
Sigma Editions is a record label founded in 1998.
Doris Kenyon starred in The Man in the Iron Mask (1939), in which Anne of Austria is one of the characters.
Mia Love is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Antonieto Cabajog served as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cebu.
Coleraine High School is a grammar school in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Louis Pascal won the AIA Gold Medal in 1914.
Kilburn tube station, which was opened in 1879, is located next to West Hampstead tube station.
Matt Apuzzo won the 2012 Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting.
Alessandro Oliverio was in Venice in 1532.
Glendale Academy is a school in India.
John Elliott ( historian ) was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi in 1999.
Piskalje is a human settlement in Serbia.
Stig Hagström is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and is employed by Stanford University.
Neil Jordan won the Independent Spirit Award for Best International Film at the Independent Spirit Awards.
Dashkasan District was located in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic, which ended on 17 October 1991.
Tchongorove Airport is in Gabon.
The French language is used at Arts et Metiers ParisTech, which is a member of Aerospace Valley.
St James High School in Ferndale, Michigan was dissolved in 1971.
Doyle Vaca began his career in 2011 and has played for the club Deportivo Guabira.
OLM, Inc. is the production company of Tamagotchi: The Movie, which is distributed by Toho.
Eduard von Simson is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Amir Haj Massaoud started his career in 2011 and plays for the Club Africain.
Bobby Tambling was a member of Chelsea F.C. and scored a goal in the 1967 FA Cup Final.
Sargis Adamyan's first game for the Armenia national under-21 football team was in 2013.
Eli Manning started his career with the New York Giants in 2004.
Vachagan Khalatyan is an academic who has a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy degree.
Victor Cohen Hadria won the Prix des libraires in 2011.
The character Tuvok is played by Tim Russ, who starred in Lineage (Star Trek: Voyager).
Kioma, Queensland is located in the electoral district of Southern Downs, which is one of the electoral districts of Queensland.
Macello is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin, which was created on January 1, 2015.
The film Darkest Hour stars Hilton McRae, who plays the character Arthur Greenwood.
Philip Abelson won the Kalinga Prize in 1972.
The El Coronil Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic power station in Spain.
Jonathan Lunine won the James B. Macelwane Medal in 1995.
Kaloyan Krastev started his career in the Bulgaria national under 17 football team in 2015.
The Polytechnic University of Catalonia is a subsidiary of ETSEIB, which was founded in 1971.
Philip Gourevitch won the 1998 George Polk Award.
Selby High School, located in Selby, was established in 1908.
Copley Fielding was born in the Kingdom of Great Britain, which ended in 1801.
Yung Warriors, a rock and pop band, originated in Australia.
Ben Patterson is a member of the Fluxus movement and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Peter Seeberg won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy in 1977.
The Bransfield Basin is located on the continent of Antarctica, in the Antarctic Treaty area.
G. Evelyn Hutchinson won the Eminent Ecologist Award in 1962.
Nina Usatova won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 2001.
Madanwala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Sigmund Skard was awarded the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award in 1983.
Serhiy Prykhodko started his career in 2011 and plays for FC Mariupol.
Nikolai Kamanin was awarded the Order of the Red Star on November 3rd 1944.
Eduardo Herrera ( footballer , born 1988 ) started his career in 2015 and plays for the Mexico national football team.
State Route 63 is a California state highway that begins in Tulare, California and goes south.
Ian Leggat played for the New Zealand national cricket team, making his debut in 1954.
Daniel Nestor was born in Belgrade, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Jane Lubchenco has won the Public Welfare Medal in 2017.
Arizona is the filming location of Arizona Dream, which has the NMHH rating of category IV.
Bickford's Australia is a business located in Salisbury, South Australia.
Dayane da Rocha began his career in 2009 and is a member of ASD AGSM Verona Calcio Femminile.
Tampere United played in the Veikkausliiga league, which ended on 31 December 2010.
Jiske Griffioen competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in Wheelchair tennis.
The time zone of Choysky District is Krasnoyarsk Time, the start date for which is 27 March 2016.
The programming language WebMethods Flow is an object-oriented programming language.
Dumbo's Circus, created by A.A. Milne, was originally shown on Playhouse Disney.
The 1971 Speedway World Pairs Championship was the championship for the 1971 Speedway World Pairs.
The Maritime Industry Authority is a government agency that was created on June 1st, 1974.
Merritt Wever, who plays Karlene Faith, stars in Charlie Says (2018 film).
Stephen Wolff won the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award in 2002.
The Gokulganga rural municipality was created in December 2014 and is a rural municipality in Canada.
Robert Guillaume won the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children in 1995.
Hans Blix won the Olof Palme Prize in 2003.
Katsuei Hirasawa graduated from the University of Tokyo in 1968.
The Carmarthenshire County Council election, 2008 was a local election.
American Outlaws was filmed in Florida and its editor is Michael Tronick.
David Gates produced the song "Lost Without Your Love", which is the follow up to "Aubrey".
NXIVM Corp. v. Ross Institute is a legal case from the United States.
The list of Hot Country Songs number ones of 2009 is a list of the Billboard number-one country hits of 2009.
Sam Bradford won the Heisman Trophy in 2008.
Starozhilovsky District is located in the Ryazan Oblast which was established on 26 September 1937.
The Light of Asia, written in British English, was published in London.
Tiputini Biodiversity Station is a research station in Ecuador.
The Dos Indios River (Canoas River) is in Brazil.
Port Susan is located in the United States and is a bay.
Animal Kingdom was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Costume Design in 2010.
The Five Pagoda Temple is an example of architecture and the main category is Five Pagoda Temple.
Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt Ltd is a software company which is a subsidiary of Microsoft.
The Winter Journal, written in English, is published by Henry Holt and Company.
Jan Hudec represented the Czech Republic at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
CITIC Resources, located in Hong Kong, has been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since September 8, 1997.
John Gohorry won the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry in 2008.
James Kasting won the Oparin Medal in 2008.
The Rural Life Centre is a museum in Tilford, United Kingdom.
The Toronto Neil McNeil Maroons are an ice hockey team in Toronto.
Naja Marie Aidt won the Danish Critics Prize for Literature in 2006.
Sean Ingle, whose given name is Sean, is a human being.
The President of the Royal Astronomical Society is Mike Cruise who began his career in 2018.
Petya Pendareva was born in Kazanlak, Bulgaria.
Kalvilan is a town in Sri Lanka.
Richard Kelton is a human being who won the Theatre World Award.
Mark Steketee started his career with the Brisbane Heat in 2013.
Emil Cioran began his residence in 1937 in Paris.
Stein Winge won the Oslo City Culture Award in 2005.
The musical genre of Mert Yücel, a house music performer from Istanbul.
The band Yukka is from the Netherlands and they play rock and pop music.
Nina Sosnina was awarded the Order of Lenin in 1965.
Judy Baca was awarded the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award in 1999.
The Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company began to operate the Tasmanian Government Railways M class (1912) in 1923.
Ming-Ai (London) Institute was established in 1992 and is now a school.
Sebastian Eriksson started playing for the Sweden national football team in 2010.
Frances E. Allen won the 2004 Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards.
Joan Brugge became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2001.
The Richmond River Express Examiner is a newspaper published in Australia.
Nicolás Tagliafico started his career in January 2018 and is a member of the AFC Ajax club.
Urmananayevo is a village in Russia.
Studzienice , Masovian Voivodeship is located in the UTC + 01:00 Standard time zone.
Edward Woodward ( judge ) was awarded the Knight Bachelor in 1982.
The song "New York Girls" is in the English language.
The Atlas Libertas is a sculpture found in Guatemala.
Christopher Masterman, known as Christopher, was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire.
Eduardo Chillida won the Wolf Prize in Arts in 1984.
Green Island is located in the Grandidier Channel, in the Berthelot Islands in Antarctica.
John Joseph Scanlan served as an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu.
Paul Ratnasamy was awarded the Om Prakash Bhasin Award in 1992.
I Made Pasek Wijaya plays as a midfielder and is a member of the PS Badung football club.
The Block is a basketball team based in the United States.
The Zhovkva Raion is located in the Lviv Oblast, the oblast was established in 1940.
Sebastián Fernández started his career in 2014 and plays for the club Nacional de Football.
The time zone for Bari Sud Est railway station is Central European Summer Time, which is in effect during daylight saving time.
Maarten Schmidt won the Petrie Prize Lecture in 1993.
Amiran Revishvili won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 2017.
Miles O. Noll graduated from Franklin & Marshall College in 1884.
Rahat Ali started his career with the Quetta Gladiators in 2018.
Colleretto Castelnuovo is in the Metropolitan City of Turin which was formed in 2015.
Kingsbridge Estuary is a bay in the United Kingdom.
J. William Schopf was awarded the Charles Doolittle Walcott Medal in 2013.
The ARY Film Award for Best Supporting Actor was first given in 2014. It is one of the ARY Film Awards.
Lindenholzhausen station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is used in daylight saving time.
The Continental KB-1 is a subclass of aircraft that originates from the United States.
Ronald M. Evans won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 2012.
Enrico Porro won the gold medal in the Greco-Roman lightweight event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
The Cord of Life, starring Dorothy West, was directed by Billy Bitzer.
The Naka-Okachimachi Station is an interchange station with Ueno-okachimachi Station, which is on the Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line.
Ned Block won the Jean Nicod Prize in 2013.
Mukhor-Cherga is located in the time zone of Omsk Time, which ended on 27 March 2016.
Churni Ganguly is a cast member of Waarish, which originates from India.
Susan Brantley became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2012.
The headquarters of Drik Picture Library, which is an organization, is in Dhaka.
John Alexander (Australian politician) won the Australian Sports Medal on 30 August 2000.
Bolivia is a member of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency which was established on 3 October 1991.
Crigler Mound Group is located in Missouri, in the United States.
Seamus Moynihan won the All Stars Footballer of the Year award in 2000.
Maximiliano Hernandez plays the character of Jasper Sitwell in the film Thor.
"Yester Love" is the follow up to "Special Occasion" by Miracles which was produced by Smokey Robinson.
Waitrose & Partners is a food industry company that owns Safeway in the Channel Islands.
Marguerite Perey won the Lavoisier Medal in 1964.
Progress M-62 had its Atmospheric entry on 15 February 2008.
Andrew Nunn is the name of Andrew Nunn, who is a follower of Anglicanism.
Jan Gossaert worked in Mechelen in 1523.
Ian S.E. Carmichael won the Murchison Medal in 1995.
Otto Loewi was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 1959.
The home ground of FC Martigues is Stade Francis Turcan and their coach is Jean-Luc Vannuchi.
Athelstone, South Australia is located in the Division of Sturt which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Doug Gjertsen competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.
Giorgi Arabidze began his career in 2015 with FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Ngaiming Mok won the Stefan Bergman Prize in 2009.
Pengkalan Kundor is a state constituency in Malaysia which is represented in the Electoral District of Pengkalan Kundor.
Agnes Macdonell was a contributor to the Dictionary of National Biography in which she acted as a biographer.
Castlehill Fort is located in East Dunbartonshire, where the local authority is East Dunbartonshire.
Daewoo Gentra is a car model manufactured by Daewoo.
Hans W. Liepmann won the National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 1993.
Al Kharjah is a wadi in Tunisia.
Grenddy Perozo started his career in 2016 with the Atlético Clube de Portugal.
The Arroyo Colorado is a river in the United States.
G.N. Ramachandran was awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in 1961.
Cal Peterson is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs team and is a human being.
Sophie Ingle began her career in 2015 and has since played for Liverpool F.C. Women.
Jules A. Hoffmann was awarded the Canada Gairdner International Award in 2011.
Yuza Station was opened in 1919 and is located adjacent to Fukura Station.
The headquarters of Mori Trust are located in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
Leah Vukmir is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, where she is a member of the board of directors.
Elizabeth Inness-Brown, whose given name is Elizabeth, graduated from Columbia University School of the Arts.
The Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is the source of the description of Ernst Friedrich Zwirner.
The Peanut Butter Conspiracy, which is from Los Angeles, is signed to Columbia Records.
Yevhen Pavlov made his debut for Vasas SC in 2015.
Avishay Cohen started his career in 2015 and plays for the Israel national under 21 football team.
Arnold Graffi won the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize in 1979.
The Soundararajaperumal temple, Nagapattinam, India, is a Hindu temple.
Desmond Llewelyn is a character in the James Bond film Thunderball.
Grete Stern worked in Great Britain in 1933.
Salem Saeed began his career in 2007 and plays for the Yemen national football team.
Francis Sheppard is a historian who specializes in the history of London.
Michael Mayo won the American Book Award in 1987.
Daniel Gottlob Türk is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Old Town Manor is a hotel in the United States.
The time zone of Podstepnoye is Krasnoyarsk Time, it was started on 27 March 2016.
Seimsgrend Station is located in the Standard Time Zone, Central European Time.
Jonathan Schmude started his career in 2013 and has played for Hannover 96.
Georgi Stefanov began his career in 2015 with FC Vereya.
Ygdrassil is a rock and pop band from the Netherlands.
Julian Palmieri started his career in FC Metz in 2017.
Jaureguiberry is a spa town in Uruguay.
Colonia Nápoles is a colonia in Mexico.
Federated States of Micronesia is a member of the International Development Association, which was founded on 24 June 1993.
Bolt ( 2008 film ) was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Film in 2008.
The Biotechnology Innovation Organization is an advocacy group based in the United States.
Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team is based in Bahrain where they began their career in 2017.
Marlon Medina started his career in 2013 playing for Deportivo Ocotal.
John Cooney is a rugby player for Connacht Rugby and is a human being.
Sequoia Capital's headquarters are located in Menlo Park, California in the United States.
Loch Lomond is located in West Dunbartonshire which has a local authority.
Helena Brodin won the Litteris et Artibus award in 1997.
Lower Kabete is a human settlement in Kenya.
ETA SA was acquired by The Swatch Group in 1985.
Julian Parkhill was a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2014.
Valdgeym is a village in Russia.
Kyle Chandler is a character in the TV series Friday Night Lights, where he starred as Eric Taylor.
Muhammad Rifky began his career in 2011 with PSIM Yogyakarta.
Roman Aftanazy has won the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science, which was awarded in 1994.
The Premios Juventud is an award that was created in 2004.
The show Tonight Live with Steve Vizard began on 29 January 1990 and ended on 26 November 1993.
Kindung Station is located in Standard time zone, in North Korea.
The short story Breed of Battle was written by Robert E Howard.
Egor Krimets was born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Shadow Fighter is published by Gremlin Interactive for the Amiga CD32.
Andronikos Doukas Palaiologos was Governor of Thessaloniki.
James Darcy Freeman served as Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney.
Francis Swaine worked in Scheveningen in 1760.
The Golden Gate Australian Football League is a sports league based in Australia.
Barletta Scalo railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is Standard time.
Li Xuepeng started playing for China in 2010.
Thomas Vaubourzeix began his career in the 2019 season with the team Natura4Ever -- Roubaix -- Lille Métropole.
Ganj Basoda railway station is in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Windsor Noncent started playing for Don Bosco FC in 2008.
Helen McCrory, who played Polly Gray, stars in the TV series Peaky Blinders.
Martin Pearson is a human being who has played for Wakefield Trinity.
Charles Thomas Newton, married to Ann Mary Newton, was a member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences.
Gudrun Schyman speaks Swedish, a language spoken by human beings.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh started his career in 2015 and represented India.
Pod's and Jerry's is a jazz club in the United States.
Lazarus Fletcher won the Wollaston Medal in 1912.
State Road 36 is a road in Serbia.
Deborah Keenan won the American Book Awards in 1991.
Founded in 1947, Chaparritas El Naranjo comes from Mexico.
Ghabaghib is a village in Syria.
Justine Cassell won the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards in 2008.
Nancy Mitford is the author of Voltaire in Love, a book about the life of Voltaire.
Ron Kersey is a member of the Salsoul Orchestra, signed to the record label Salsoul Records.
The organization Alternatives for Community and Environment is based in the United States.
Novye Burasy is in the Samara Time Zone which started on December 4th 2016.
Paavo Haavikko won the Eino Leino Prize in 1963.
Scarlett Pomers, who plays Naomi Wildman, starred in Equinox ( Star Trek : Voyager )'s character.
The Farm Credit Dairy Center is a sports venue in the United States.
Joe Casely-Hayford was the father of Charlie Casely-Hayford who was educated at the Courtauld Institute of Art.
The Marsden Point Oil Refinery is located in New Zealand.
Vadi is a musical term for Hindustani classical music.
The home ground of Sewanee Tigers football is McGee Field in the United States.
Johan Wiland started his career in 2015 with Malmö FF.
The Potez 50 is an aircraft model from France.
Ruby Payne-Scott worked for the CSIRO, ending her career in 1951.
Gudaibiya is a geographical feature of Bahrain.
Alex Muralha started his career in 2016 with the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
Melinda Page Hamilton was born in New York City, New York state.
Annie Girardot, who is the mother of Erika, stars in The Piano Teacher.
Adelino Trindade started his football career in 2013 and plays for the Timor-Leste national under-23 football team.
The Shah Alam Royal Mausoleum is located in Malaysia.
Martin Haar is a member of the HFC Haarlem team and is also a human being.
The Newcastle Star is a periodical literature published in Australia.
Jean-Luc Coatalem won the Prix Amerigo Vespucci in 2001.
A1 Team Portugal is an auto racing team from Portugal.
Lawrence Kasdan won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement in 2006.
Congleton born Fred Goodwin started playing football for Congleton Town FC in 1907.
Renato Silva started his career in 2016 with Brasiliense Futebol Clube.
Nancy Kopell was the recipient of the Mathematical Neuroscience Prize in 2015.
Roger Allam stars in Winter Is Coming and is the character Illyrio Mopatis.
Vladimir Kolpakchi was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union on 6 April 1945.
William Shawn won the George Polk Award in 1988.
Cerik (Lukavac) is a human settlement in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Pieve Ligure is located in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, which was established on January 1, 2015.
Kalaganwatta is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Pascal Millien began his career in Haiti in 2006.
The Super Bowl television ratings are from the United States and is included in the list of Wikimedia articles.
Joan Plowright, who plays the character Nanny, stars in 101 Dalmatians (1996).
Angela Merkel was awarded the Time Person of the Year in 2015.
Andriy Hitchenko began his career in 2013 with FC Karpaty Lviv.
Abram Arkhipov graduated from the Imperial Academy of Arts in 1886.
Liridon Latifi began his career in 2015 and plays for the Albania national under 21 football team.
Virginia Ruano Pascual was born in Madrid, Spain.
Jerry Uelsmann won the Lucie Awards in 2015.
Daniel Schwenter is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Gullmarsplan metro station is located in Johanneshov and named after the Gullmarsplan.
David Otunga was married to Jennifer Hudson in 2008.
Hail the Sun was signed to Equal Vision Records, which began in 2015.
Benjamin Kololli began his career in 2015 with FC Biel-Bienne.
The Cardozo Education Campus is located in Washington D.C. and is the education institution of Hamilton C. Jones.
Kuyanly is in the Samara Time zone and its start date is 27 March 2016.
The Davidson Institute for Talent Development is a nonprofit organization located in the United States.
Sean Paul was the winner of the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act in 2003.
James Franco, who plays Harry Osborn in Spider-Man 3, stars in the film.
Cottenham Park is a London area in the United Kingdom.
Billie Joe Armstrong is part of The Network, a band from the United States.
Lantarnam Hall in the United States was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Intergovernmental Authority on Development was established in January 1986. It is an intergovernmental organization.
The headquarters of Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology are located in Gorakhpur, Haryana, India.
Bernard Derrida won the Ampère Prize in 2001.
The Suheli River is in Nepal.
The Copyright Act of 1790 was signed by George Washington on May 31st, 1790.
The European Review of Agricultural Economics is a periodical literature published by Oxford University Press.
Yuki Ichikawa began his football career in 2014 with Geylang International FC.
Tatarsky Saskul is a hamlet in Russia.
Boris Kuftin was born in Samara, Russian Empire.
TobyMac performed the song "Ooh Ahh" which originates from the United States.
Marlies Schild, who is the wife of Benjamin Raich, was married to Raich on 25 April 2015.
Bohola is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland.
Ottmar Elliger worked in Copenhagen in 1654.
Wattle Bank is located in the Bass Coast Shire, a local government in Victoria.
St. Wendel station is in the Standard time zone and Central European time is valid.
Jean-Gérard Fleury was awarded the Albert Londres Prize in 1938.
The 1983 British Speedway Championship was the final competition of the season.
Punta Manara is a promontory in Italy.
The Herb River is a river in the United States.
Raja SC Mullick Road is located in West Bengal, India.
Raihan Hasan started playing for the Bangladesh national under-23 football team in 2014.
Mohamed Liban was born in Djibouti and began his career in 2008.
Hoepstockbukta is a geographical feature of Norway.
Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a hotel in Mexico.
Georges Heuyer, a student of Joseph Jules Dejerine, was a French language speaker.
The Tomsk State University is located in Tomsk, Russia.
The Dallam County Courthouse was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1991.
Tony Maxworthy won the Otto Laporte Award in 1990.
Moe Hurwitz is a human being who is also known by the name Moe.
Glorianna Davenport is a human whose surname is Davenport.
The Association of German Architects headquarters is in Hanover, where it began on 21 June 1903.
The National Gallery of Slovenia is located in Ljubljana and has Ladislao de Gauss as one of its collections.
Nikolai Alho, who plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi, played in the 2014 Veikkausliiga.
Fauconberg House is located in London, United Kingdom.
Sengdao Inthilath began his career in 2014 with the Laos national football team.
The Naisten Ykkönen is organized by the Football Association of Finland and is part of the Women's Association football competition.
Arnold Ward was educated at Balliol College, Oxford and has written in English.
The Alamikamaba Natural Reserve in Nicaragua is a protected area.
The Space Launch Liability Indemnification Extension Act is a bill from the United States.
The Ice Sports Forum is a sports venue located in the United States.
Fourie du Preez was a member of the South African national rugby union team, he began his career on 12 June 2004.
Youth Communication, a 501 (c) 3 organization, is located in the United States.
The Welsh Championship, which was inaugurated in 2012, is a championship.
Leonardo Ghiraldini began playing for the Italy national rugby union team on 11 June 2006.
Robert Aumann won The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture in 2002.
Novonadyrovo, Russia is a hamlet.
St. Neots railway station is adjacent to Huntingdon railway station which is on the Great Northern Peterborough Line.
The USS Muir, named after Kenneth Hart Muir, was built by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company.
Juan José Navarro Guerra started his career in 2012 and plays for Córdoba CF B.
Vasile Rus started playing for the Romania national rugby union team in 2007.
Hennepin County, Minnesota shares borders with Wright County, Minnesota. The capital of Hennepin County is Minneapolis.
Adrián Kocsis started his career in 2010 with Zalaegerszegi TE.
The Cheapside Street whisky bond fire was a structure fire which occurred in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Marc Mousson was awarded the Order of the Red Eagle in 1817.
The New River Subdivision is a railroad line in the United States.
Sunshine Coast Football is an Association Football club that was founded in 1968.
Dieter Schröfl is the Mayor of Rattenberg, Bavaria, Germany.
The Going to Hell Tour was a concert tour by The Pretty Reckless.
Chandrashekhar Khare won the Fermat Prize in 2007.
The music genre of First Base is progressive rock, and the album's cover art is by Roger Dean.
Javier Hernandez played for Manchester United FC in the 2012-13 Football League Cup.
The Ansar-e Hezbollah club was founded in 1990 in Iran.
Edwin Hubble's Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society was awarded in 1940.
The Twelve Chairs ( 1971 film ) stars Archil Gomiashvili, who plays Ostap Bender.
Air India Express operates a scheduled service out of Kannur International Airport to King Khalid International Airport.
Lotfi A Zadeh won the 1995 IEEE Medal of Honor.
Core Banks is located in North Carolina, United States.
Jose Huizar won the Ohtli Award in 2015.
Vanessa Hinz won a silver medal at the 2019 Biathlon World Championships.
The C&O Lexington Subdivision is a railroad line in the United States.
The House of Chiefs is a nobility in Fiji.
Rudolf Deng Majak served as the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wau.
Henry Alexander Miers won the Wollaston Medal in 1934.
Sengunthar Higher Secondary School was established in 1944.
Karen L. Wooley won the Centenary Prize in 2014.
The Yamada Line (Kintetsu) is connected with the Kisei Main Line of Matsusaka Station.
The Bryn Hall Colliery is a coal mine in the United Kingdom.
Charles John Gabriel was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion in 1958.
Bibleserver.com is a website operated by ERF Medien.
Natchathira Jannal is a television show from India.
Raymond Collishaw served in the United Kingdom and was an Air Vice-Marshal.
John Sulston was awarded the Knight Bachelor in 2001.
The anime series Pet Shop of Horrors was produced in Japanese.
The Colegio Weber School is located in Chile.
Wes Matthews plays for the San Antonio Spurs in the United States.
Franz Beckenbauer played for FC Bayern Munich and scored in the 1966 DFB-Pokal Final.
Dickinson College is located in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Carmarthenshire County Council election of 1904 was a local election.
Matsue Vogel Park Station is located between Aikamachi Station and Matsue-Shinjiko-Onsen Station.
The Jakanachari Award is from India.
Mitsukoshimae Station is named after Mitsukoshi and the interchange station is Shin-Nihombashi Station.
Rajin Dhimal started his career in 2013 with the Nepal national under-23 football team.
W15CG is a television station that was launched in 2005.
Harold Shapero won the Rome Prize in 1971.
Brejoeira Palace has the architectural style of Neoclassical architecture and is a National Monument of Portugal.
Lynne Barasch has won the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature in 2008.
Nicolae Vasile started his career in 2015 and plays for the Romania national under-21 football team.
Krasnokamsky District is located in Bashkortostan, the administrative territory of which, was erected on 11 October 1990.
Rauenberg, Kraichgau is located in the Standard time zone, UTC + 01 : 00 is valid.
Sean Maitland began playing for the Scotland national rugby union team on 2 February 2013.
Nolan Roux played for En Avant de Guingamp in the 2018-19 Ligue 1.
The Korean State Railway operates the Songun Red Flag class of electric locomotives made by Kim Chong-t'ae Electric Locomotive Works.
Webb Miller was awarded the ISCB Senior Scientist Award in 2009.
Michel Vergoz worked as a pharmacist from January 2014.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is located in Taiwan Standard Time Zone.
David A. Hamburg won the Sarnat Prize in 2007.
"Hand Me Down My Walking Cane" is a song by Jerry Lee Lewis.
Creature House Expression is a freeware vector graphics editor.
Strathaven Academy is located in South Lanarkshire where the local authority is South Lanarkshire.
Enrique Pérez started playing for the Mexico national football team in 2012.
The Space Brothers are a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
Harry Blaney was from the Irish Free State, which ended on December 29, 1937.
Sultan Al Kuwari started playing for the Qatar national under 20 football team in 2012 and has also represented the Qatar national under 20 football team.
Musab Al-Battat started playing for the Palestine national football team in 2013.
Abdullah Al-Owaishir started his career with Al-Fateh SC in 2009.
Sok Pheng started his career in 2016 for Nagaworld FC.
John Thornett won the Australian Sports Medal on 5 December 2000.
Marshall Allen won the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting in 2011.
Ubank Limited headquarters are located in Johannesburg, South Africa.
RoboCop: Alpha Commando is written in English and is a based on the character RoboCop.
Jonathan Quick, who won the Conn Smythe Trophy, was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings.
Pierre Phelipon played for Grenoble Football 38 and is a coach for Paris Saint-Germain FC.
Tin Win Aung began his football career in 2014 and plays for the Myanmar national football team.
Marcus Dillistone, whose given name is Marcus, graduated from The Skinners' School.
David Strathairn, who plays Noah Vosen, stars in The Bourne Legacy.
Solomon Duah played for FC Inter Turku who started their career in 2010.
In 2015, architect Jim Eyre was awarded the Bodley Medal.
Candice Bergen, who portrayed the character Margaret Bourke-White, stars in Gandhi.
The Glenshesk River is in the United Kingdom.
The Wadi Wishka Dam is an embankment dam in Libya.
Nodojiman The World is a Japanese television show distributed by Nippon TV.
The Emperor Fountain is a sculpture found in the United Kingdom.
Set This Circus Down was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album in 2001.
The Indore-Amritsar Express is a passenger train operated by Indian Railways.
OCC Transport was founded in 1971 and is a bus company.
Eliot Richards started his career in 2016 with Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Fara is located in Orkney where the local authority is Orkney.
Two Cathedrals stars Allison Janney who plays the character C.J. Cregg.
Dave Rimington won the Lombardi Award in 1982.
Ashley Laurence, who starred in Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth, plays the character Kirsty.
Barbara Klar received the Gerald Lampert Award in 1994.
Rayna Stewart is a member of the Tennessee Titans team and she has worked with human resources.
The 2017 Louis Vuitton Challenger's Trophy was the season (sports) that Louis Vuitton Challenger's Trophy was played in.
Robert Snodgrass played in the 2004-05 Scottish Premier League season for Livingston FC.
Bilbao, in the Basque Country, is the birth place of Javier Goma.
Brigadier General Stefano Cagna is the name given to Stefano.
Macronympha is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Pether's Moon was born April 15, 2010 and was sired by Dylan Thomas.
The Dharma of Star Wars is a science fiction book written in English.
Tinnura is located in the Province of Oristano which was established on 10 May 2005.
The Love Deluxe World Tour was a concert tour by the band Sade.
Tom Long, a CEO, graduated from Harvard University.
Shrilal Shukla won the Jnanpith Award in 2009.
Ganjam district is located in the Bengal Presidency, which ended on 22 March 1912.
Mendooran is located within the Division of Parkes which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
John Warner graduated from Washington and Lee University in 1949.
Serejeqa is a human settlement in Eritrea.
Raif Muradov is a member of the POFC Botev Vratsa and a human being.
Jonny Evans was a member of Manchester United FC's 2013-14 Premier League team.
The Istituto Italo-Brasiliano Biculturale Fondazione Torino is located in Brazil. It is a school.
Tommy Lee Jones won the Donostia Award in 2012.
Simon Russell Beale won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor in 1998.
Exes and Ohs is written in English and stars Megan Cavanagh.
Hiroyuki Isagawa, also known as Human, is a member of the Isagawa family.
Leiden, Netherlands was established on 9 June 1815.
Williams Rule is a legal case from the United States.
HitmanPro is a software program that runs on Windows XP.
The Mount is a stadium in the United Kingdom that is used for the sport of association football.
The Louisville and Interurban Railroad is a railway line in the United States.
Thomas Helveg is a member of the Odense Boldklub team and is a human being.
Blazhe Ilijoski started playing for the North Macedonia national football team in 2005.
Lockyer Waters, Queensland is located in the Division of Wright, which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Yevgeny Leonov was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour in 1967.
The Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary is a bird reserve in India.
The Isle of Lewis is located in the Outer Hebrides where the local authority is the Outer Hebrides.
Charles Ollivon began his career on November 8th 2014 and plays for the France national rugby union team.
Sateliti is a rock and pop band that was formed in 1989.
The Berlin Sundgauer Straße station is an adjoining station to Berlin-Lichterfelde West station which is part of the S1 line in Berlin.
The Norman Album is made of Morocco leather in red.
The M-343 Michigan highway is located in Kalamazoo, Michigan, which is west of Kalamazoo.
Fabricio Lenci started his career in 2015 and plays for Club Atlético Douglas Haig.
The Magdalene Sisters won the Golden Lion in 2002.
The Very Famous Paul Ross Show is a TV series from the United Kingdom.
The Denham Baronetcy is from Canada.
Fred Longstaffe won the W.W. Hutchison Medal in 1993.
Robert R. McCrae won the Bruno Klopfer Award in 2013.
Elizeu Ferreira Marciano plays for Tokushima Vortis, he started his career in 2011.
Jeanne Rorex-Bridges, who is relative to Willard Stone, was a student of W. Richard West Sr.
Wendel Alex dos Santos is a human being who plays for the Democrata Futebol Clube.
Farish Jenkins won the Romer-Simpson Medal in 2009.
The Bundesautobahn 66, which is east of Eichenzell, has its terminus in Eichenzell.
Sylvie Judas is the leader of Gimel, Switzerland where the mayor is the leader.
Maud Howe Elliott was the wife of artist John Elliott who married in 1887.
Rico McCoy, a human, plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Mallawapitiya Divisional Secretariat is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
U.S. Route 141 has its terminus at U.S. Route 41 in Michigan, which is located north of Michigan.
Thomas Guerbert started playing for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in 2013.
Kawann Short began his career with the Carolina Panthers in 2013.
The novel Transcension, written in English, was published by Tor Books.
The Elkhart Truth was published in Elkhart, Indiana, United States.
Orlando Peralta was a human being who competed in the 1955 Pan American Games.
Delhi Kishanganj railway station is in the Indian Standard Time zone.
The Hard Way ( Thirsty Merc song ) is the sequel to 20 Good Reasons and was followed by Those Eyes.
Thomas Edward Thorpe was awarded the Royal Medal in 1889.
Jack Hannah won the Winsor McCay Award in 1987.
Patrice Chereau won the Europe Theatre Prize in 2008.
Artem Dzyuba made his debut for the Russia national football team in 2011.
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products is the parent organization of Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel. The company was founded in 1995.
José Manuel Blecua Teijeiro won the Creu de Sant Jordi in 1983.
Orsha District is located in Vitebsk region where Vitebsk Region was established on January 15th 1938.
Majagual is a human settlement in the Dominican Republic.
Wiaan Mulder started his career in 2016 for Highveld Lions.
Tina Turner won the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist in 1985.
Alec Hearne, whose given name is Alec, was awarded the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award.
Pavel Yushkov, whose full name is Pavel Yushkov, plays for FC Mika.
Ventsislav Velinov plays for FC Dorostol Silistra who began their career in 2011.
Yan Xiangchuang started playing for the China national football team in 2010.
Daniel Holdsworth (rugby league) started playing for Salford Red Devils in 2010.
Malcolm Burrows won the Frink Medal in 2004.
The Burlington Rail Bridge was opened in 1867 and is maintained by the BNSF Railway.
Clive Minton won the John Hobbs Medal in 2000.
Kazarma is a human settlement in Kazakhstan.
John Parrish is a human being who played for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Belgium was the signatory of the Berne Convention on 5 December 1887.
Basilius Valentinus is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie. It is the source of the description of Basil Valentine.
Nicole Kidman won the Theatre World Award in 1999.
Scott Brown ( footballer , born June 1985 ) played in the 2006-07 Scottish Premier League for Hibernian FC.
Wilhelm Pfeffer began working at Leipzig University in 1887.
The AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling championship.
The Caribbean Conference of Churches is an organization that was founded in 1973.
Severn Valley Country Park is located in the United Kingdom.
Angelo Beolco was born in Pernumia which is a source of information presumably.
When the Devil Holds the Candle is published by the J.W. Cappelens Forlag in Oslo.
Grant Fox plays at the fly-half position and is a member of the Auckland Rugby Union.
Gray's General Store is located in the United States.
Construction of America's Credit Union Museum began in 1907.
Old Scatness is located in Shetland where the local authority is the Shetland Council.
Summer's Last Will and Testament is a play by Thomas Nashe.
Streatorland is located in Illinois, in the United States.
Cesinha ( footballer , born 1989 ) started his career in 2016 for Daegu FC.
Gustavo Cuéllar started playing for the Colombia national football team in 2015.
Carlos Vereza was awarded the Ordem do Mérito Cultural in 2016.
Kronach station is located in the Central European time zone. Standard time is the time zone for Kronach.
Tom Johnson has played for the England national rugby union team, having started on 9 June 2012.
Aleksandr Borisov ( actor ) was awarded the People's Artist of the USSR in 1951.
Kramnik, Poland is in the UTC+01:00 standard time zone.
Ames State Forest is located in the United States.
Eva Sakalova is the name of a human.
Helga Feddersen is in the role of Clothilde Buddenbrook and stars in the film The Buddenbrooks.
Tivoli Village is located in Nevada, in the United States.
Tazawako Station is on the East Japan Railway Company operated Tazawako Line.
The Metropole Cafe is a jazz club in the United States.
The MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video was won by Bun B in 2006.
Carl Frode Tiller won the European Union Prize for Literature in 2009.
Daniel Rodriguez Vázquez started his career in Racing de Santander in 2015.
Ronur Sri Lakshmi Venkataramana Swamy Temple is located in Karnataka, India.
Shakeem Clarke began his career in 2017 for the Barbados national cricket team.
The North Dakota Fighting Hawks started play in the Summit League in 2018.
Adacao is a human settlement in the United States.
Ryan Davies, who retired in 1965, was a teacher.
Charles Doolittle Walcott won the Bigsby Medal in 1895.
Ethan Phillips, who plays Neelix, stars in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Innocence".
Ju Manu Rai started playing for the Nepal national football team in 2006.
Rose Porter, a human, was described in "A Woman of the Century".
Lucas Hnath was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2015.
The Mayor of Padirac is the head of government in Padirac where Marie-Hélène Malaurie is the leader.
The band Makeout is from the United States and is a rock and pop band.
The 175th New York State Legislature is in the United States.
Gwaka Airport is in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Alamsyah Nasution started playing for PSMS Medan in 2011.
Joseph Proudman won the Hughes Medal in 1957.
The song Guardando il sole was released in 1968.
Marco Bueno started his career in 2015 and has represented the Mexico national football team.
The Bryce Jordan Center, designed by Rosser International, is the home of the Penn State Lady Lions basketball team.
Art Spiegelman won the Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême in 2011.
The University of Trnava is located in Trnava, Slovakia.
Tim Janssen started his career in 2016 with OKC Energy FC.
Paul Nuttall, a member of the UK Independence Party, was the candidate in the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election in 2017.
The headquarters of TeamSite are located in San Jose California, United States.
Tatyana Karpova received the Order of the Badge of Honour in 1954.
Lionel Brown started playing for Miami FC in 2016.
Ann Pettifor was awarded the Hannah Arendt Prize on December 7, 2018.
Scropton railway station is located in the United Kingdom and is a train station.
Waterfoot is in East Renfrewshire which has a local authority.
Nen Sothearoth plays for the Cambodia national under 23 football team, where he began his career in 2014.
The Grand Manan Museum is a local museum in Canada.
The First Aceh Expedition was a punitive expedition that was located in Aceh Sultanate.
The main category of Navigli di Milano is Navigli, which is from Italy.
Hummelsta is located in the Enköping Municipality which was established on January 1, 1971.
The H700 Shenzhen Tower is located in Shenzhen, China.
The Laboring People's Party was founded in 1947 and dissolved in 1949.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, authored by Zinaida Vengerova, is the source for the description of George Crabbe.
Woking Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
The Mike Ridley Trophy is awarded to the ice hockey player Mike Ridley from Canada.
Andres Cubas started playing for the Argentina national under 20 football team in 2015.
Eugeni Valderrama started his career in 2015 with CF Badalona.
The Mark of the Lash was originally made in English and is from the United States.
IC3PEAK is a Moscow based record label. Their record label is The Orchard.
Zhang Changning is a member of the China women's national volleyball team and started her career in 2013.
The University of California, San Diego is the operator of Sally Ride Science, which began service on 1 October 2015.
The Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania has the main category:Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania.
The Dortmund-Dorstfeld station, operated by DB Station&Service, was opened on 24 September 1983.
SuperWaba is free software, available under the GNU General Public License.
Rachela Hutner is the recipient of the Florence Nightingale Medal, which was awarded in 1995.
Herman Leonard won the Lucie Awards in 2008.
Frank Stillinger is the winner of the Irving Langmuir Award (1989).
The Humboldt Gymnasium, which was established in 1979, is a school.
Marie Louise Kold, a human, is the family name of Kold.
Lewis Mumford was awarded the Emerson-Thoreau Medal in 1965.
Manolo Sanchez started his career in 2016 with San Antonio FC.
Nienburg (Weser) station is located in the Central European time zone, which is valid in Standard Time.
Danny Aiello won the Theatre World Award in 1976.
Margaret Morgan Lawrence graduated from Cornell University in 1936.
Dafna Dekel was a participant in the Kdam Eurovision in 1992.
Alex Marick is a TV character who appeared in the TV series, All My Children.
WPXQ-TV, a television station, was founded in 1992.
Vladimir Shatalov was awarded the Order of Karl Marx in 1977.
Keedie Babb performs the song "I Believe My Heart" which was written by Duncan James and was followed by "Sooner or Later".
Terahara Station, which opened in 1913, is adjacent to Shin-Toride Station.
Barry W. Higman won the Guggenheim Fellowship in 1992.
The newspaper La Passerelle was started in 1985.
Trey Parker is the winner of the 2011 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics.
Sam Hain began his career in 2013 with Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
The mayor of Stranda is Jan Ove Tryggestad.
Ellsworth County in Kansas is bordered by McPherson County, Kansas. Ellsworth is the capital of Ellsworth County.
Jordan Georgievski started his career in 2002 and plays for the North Macedonia national football team.
Nikolai Chelnokov graduated from the A.F. Mozhaysky Military-Space Academy in 1929.
Isaac Toucey was Governor of Connecticut and he spoke English.
The Nordic Watercolour Museum was inaugurated on Tjorn in 2001.
Chuchura railway station is located in the Indian Standard time zone.
Adam Heller was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 2007.
Tebogo Sembowa, who played for the Botswana national football team in 2011, was born in Botswana.
Liaquat Ali Khan graduated from the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College in 1918.
Wolfgang Demtröder, winner of the Max Born Medal and Prize, was awarded in 1994.
Marco Pappa started playing for the Guatemala national football team in 2008.
Ahmed Krenshi started playing for Hajer FC in 2015.
The American Ringtail is a cat breed from the United States.
Seibu Holdings is the parent organization of Prince Hotels. The Seibu Group owns Prince Hotels.
The Bank of Australasia, in New Zealand, was replaced by the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Gavin Glinton started playing for the Turks and Caicos Islands national football team in 2004.
The Mayor of Plouider is the head of government in Plouider where the leader is Rene Paugam.
Doug Hicks is a human being who played for the Minnesota North Stars.
Shigeru Miyamoto won the BAFTA Fellowship in 2010.
German submarine U-3506 was started on 16 October 1944 and was operated by the Kriegsmarine.
Robert Scharfe, born Robert, graduated from Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Samir Kherbouche started playing for Amal Bou Saâda in 2007.
The Frankfurt Messe station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is the same as Standard time.
Walter Thomas James Morgan received the Croonian Lecture in 1959.
Varghese Mathai won the Australian Mathematical Society Medal in 2000.
SK Slavia Prague play in the Czech First League which was started in 1993.
Edmond de Goncourt, whose brother was Jules de Goncourt, is buried at Montmartre Cemetery.
Aleksei Petrenko won the State Prize of the Russian Federation in 2000.
The Canon de 120 mm model 1878 is from France and was manufactured by Charles Ragon de Bange.
Donald D. Brown won the E.B. Wilson Medal in 1996.
Ottaviano Nonni was the architect of Quirinal Palace. Equestrian staircase is one of the elements of the architecture.
Esteban Granero started his career in July 2017 with RCD Espanyol.
Raj Chetty won the 2013 John Bates Clark Medal.
Joash Leader began his career in 2012 and is a member of the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team.
Javier Vet started playing for Almere City FC in 2015.
Cesare Pavese won the Strega Prize in 1950.
The Boon Lay Bus Interchange, operated by SBS Transit, was closed on 26 December 2009.
Mehmet Al began his career in 2015 with Menemenspor.
The Mayor of Oria, Spain is Marcos Reche Galera.
General Officer Renato de Villa studied at the Asian Institute of Management.
Jin Seong-uk began his career in 2012, playing for Incheon United FC.
Alex Morgan played for the United States women's national soccer team, which began in 2010.
Mary Ephrem Glenn was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.
Nathan Lewis started his career in 2019 for Lansing Ignite FC.
Herwig Kogelnik was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor in 2001.
Ján Zachara competed in the featherweight class and represented Czechoslovakia.
Dr. Watson graduated from the University of London in 1878.
Per Helge Johansen is the leader of Leka, Norway. The Mayor is the leader of Leka.
Albin Ekdal began his career in 2015 with Hamburger SV.
Tom Duquesnoy, whose given name is Tom, is a human.
The Kaisyuan metro station is located in the Standard time zone of Taiwan.
Carter Rycroft participated in curling at the 2002 Winter Olympics and won the silver medal.
Western New York Flash won the National Women's Soccer League Championship in 2015.
3T Cycling is a private limited company in the leisure industry.
Vyacheslav Shevchenko began playing football for FC Qizilqum Zarafshon in 2015.
The waltz Les Patineurs was written by the French composer, Emile Waldteufel.
Robert Duncan McNeill, who played Tom Paris in Star Trek: Voyager, is the character that appears in Someone to Watch Over Me.
Samantha Riley won the bronze medal in the 100m breaststroke event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Lands of Ashgrove is located in North Ayrshire, a local authority.
Los Tigres del Norte won the Lo Nuestro Excellence Award in 1999.
Friedrich Bopp's doctoral student was Rudolf Haag, who graduated in 1951.
Tsutsujigaoka Station (Tokyo) is adjacent to Sengawa Station, which is towards Shinjuku Station.
Charlotte von Kalb is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Santa Fe 5 was manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in January 1900.
The mayor of Longares is the head of government in Longares where Miguel Jaime Angos is the leader.
Dimitrios Papanikolaou, who played for Panionios BC, was a participant in EuroBasket 1999.
Robert Paquette was a student at Laurentian University and was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival 1977.
The overall winner of the 2016 Bretagne Classic Ouest-France was Oliver Naesen, who also won the general classification.
Jeff Nesmith was awarded the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting in 1996.
Jean-Jacques Pierre started playing for Paris FC in 2015.
The Riga Football Cup is an association football tournament held in Latvia.
Oskar Kaufmann was the architect of the Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre, which was built in 1927.
Andrei Zharkov started working with Svetlana Serkeli in 1999.
Tresa Pollock was a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, which she joined in 2015.
The Love over Gold Tour is the concert tour performed by Dire Straits.
Milt Trost is the name of the person whose degree was Marquette University.
Gelson Martins started his career in 2014 with Sporting CP B.
James Franck is the spouse of Hertha Sponer, the creator of the Birge-Sponer method.
Bicky Chakraborty was awarded the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman in 2008.
The director of photography for Discovery at Dawn is Gherardo Gossi. The film was produced by Fandango.
Kale Water is located within the Scottish Borders local authority.
Maria Dudycz was awarded the Victorian Honour Roll of Women in 2018.
Alaa Abdul-Hussein started his career in 2008 and plays for Erbil SC.
Albert Rafetraniaina started his career in 2012 with OGC Nice.
The character of Emilienne d'Alencon, played by Emmanuelle Devos, appears in the film Coco Before Chanel.
Erik Thommesen won the Eckersberg Medal in 1965.
Sri Rama Rajyam was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Director - Telugu in 2012.
Rocus Lamare was a member of the India national football team, which started in 2004.
Harold Urey won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1966.
Spike is the developer of LifeSigns: Surgical Unit, a single player video game.
Gennadi Styopushkin's given name is Gennady and he plays for FC Dnipro.
Jonjo Shelvey began his career in 2012 and has represented the England national football team.
Ju Hyo-sim started playing for the North Korea women's national football team in 2015.
Dmitry Ilovaysky was a student at Moscow State University, where he graduated in 1854.
Oliver Reed plays Athos in the film The Four Musketeers.
Matheus Caldeira Vidotto started his career in 2012 and is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Geir Hoff was the father of Ludvig Hoff and Magnus Hoff is his brother.
James Worthy, who competed in the Men's basketball, was drafted by Los Angeles Lakers.
Eddie Arcaro won the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award in 1953.
U.S. Route 189's terminus is in Provo, Utah, where it heads south.
James Earl Jones is the voice actor of Darth Vader in the film Return of the Jedi.
Enric Prat de la Riba was a member of the Regionalist League of Catalonia which was started in 1901.
The Lorenzkirche (opened 28 January 1978) and the Hauptbahnhof metro station (nearby) are part of the Nuremberg U-Bahn.
Frank Stillinger won the Elliott Cresson Medal in 1978.
Ernest Foot (born Ernest) served in the Royal Air Force.
The Hanawa Line is connected to the Akita Shinkansen at Morioka Station.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges is located southeast of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Moulins.
Cate Blanchett is in the cast of Thor: Ragnarok where she plays Hela.
Chay Hews began his career in 2015 with Rochedale Rovers FC.
The launching date of HMS Monarch was 30 March 1911.
Helen Kilpatrick, who was educated at King's College, Cambridge, is located in the Cayman Islands.
DeForest Kelley, who plays Leonard McCoy, stars in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
Charles L. Grant was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1977.
Suresh Dutta won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1987.
Janow, Grojec County is located in the Standard Time Zone UTC + 01:00.
Erick Davis started playing for the Panama national football team in 2012.
James Chester was a member of the Aston Villa F.C. team which played in the 2017-18 EFL Championship.
Elaine Fuchs became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1996.
Philipp Wiesinger started his career in 2013 and plays for FC Liefering.
Antonio de Fonseca served as Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela.
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 is an Act of Parliament in the UK.
Michael Stuart Brown won the Richard Lounsbery Award in 1979.
Gerrit Jan van Heuven Goedhart won the Nansen Refugee Award in 1956.
Steven Cowley was awarded the Richard Glazebrook Medal and Prize in 2012.
Jonny Evans played in the 2013-14 Football League Cup for Manchester United FC.
Emilie Haavi started her career in 2010 and is a member of the Norway women's national football team.
Josef Kittler won the IET Faraday Medal in 2008.
Juda Hirsch Quastel won the Canada Gairdner International Award in 1974.
Lawrence Sklar won the Lakatos Award in 1995.
George Augustus Borthwick was educated at the University of Edinburgh and he is buried in Dean Cemetery.
Hedwig of Silesia, who represented Poland, is a character in Civilization VI.
Tamil is the official language of Singapore, where it was started on August 9, 1965.
Alki Larnaca FC, whose home ground is the GSZ Stadium ( 1928), competed in the 1984-85 Cypriot First Division.
Gladys Berejiklian graduated from the University of New South Wales with a Master of Commerce degree.
Francisco Antunes Santana served as the Diocesan Bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Funchal.
The USS St. Mary's (1844) was a ship operated by the United States Navy.
Joe Rullier, a member of the Jokerit team, is a human being.
The character Candy Man, Ben Lessy, starred in That Darn Cat!
The mayor of Carrascal de Barregas is Antonio Rubio Blasco.
Hussam bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is a member of the House of Saud and has the title of Royal Highness.
Swap.com is a privately held company that offers a redistribution market.
Fumihiko Maki was awarded the Praemium Imperiale in 1999.
Michael Dorn, who portrayed Worf, stars in Star Trek: The Next Generation and is the Emissary in the episode.
Afrodisio Martin Calderon is the head of government in Villasbuenas, whose mayor is the head of state.
Se las Voy a Dar a Otro, which is part of the music of Latin America genre, was followed by Homenaje a Las Grandes.
Hideyuki Nozawa started playing for FC Tokyo in 2013.
Morris Cohen ( scientist ) won the William Procter Prize for Scientific Achievement in 1976.
W.V.D. Hodge was the 1974 Copley Medal winner.
Samir Raja, who started playing for Al-Wehdat SC in 2013, is a member of the club.
Donald D. Brown was awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize in 1985.
Anja Feldmann was awarded the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize in 2011.
The Dubarry ( 1951 film ) was directed by Willy Winterstein and edited by Alice Ludwig.
Jamie Coombes started playing for the Gibraltar national football team in 2015.
Ashoknagar Road Railway Station is located in the Indian Standard Time Zone.
Dundonald is located in South Ayrshire where the local authority is South Ayrshire.
The Goulden Cup, a water polo tournament, is from Canada.
Mathias Rosenblad was awarded the Royal Order of the Seraphim on 25 November 1811.
Ioseb Chakhvashvili started his career in 2016 with FC Mika.
Robert S. Langer won the European Inventor Award in 2016.
1612er Zwickelbier is a beer brand that was manufactured at the Hofbräuhaus Traunstein.
Malcolm A.S. Moore won the William B. Coley Award in 1995.
The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli is written in English and published by Hachette Books.
Philip E. Tetlock won the Grawemeyer Award in 2008.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Klontsak began his career in 2012, playing for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny.
Keith Yandle began his National Hockey League career in 2006.
Rodnei began his career in 2015 and is a member of the TSV 1860 Munich.
Tim Coco started working at Scripps League Newspapers in 1981.
Ray Lankester, who won the Linnean Medal, played in the 1920 season.
George A. Ricaurte started working at Johns Hopkins University in 1988.
Barbro Lindgren was awarded the Selma Lagerlöf Prize in 2007.
Vladimir Etush graduated from the Boris Shchukin Theatre Institute in 1945.
Geir Gulliksen was awarded the Aschehoug Prize in 2014.
Doris Day was inducted into the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame in 1981.
John R. Rickford was the winner of the American Book Awards in 2000.
Marcus Olsson played in the 2013-14 Football League Championship for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Leslie Lievesley (born Leslie) is a footballer who plays for Doncaster Rovers FC.
The Basic Eight is written in American English and is published by Thomas Dunne Books.
Yuanlin railway station is connected to TRA Western Line (Southern Section) and is adjacent to Yongjing railway station.
Sergey Samodin began playing for FC Mordovia Saransk in 2014.
Jan Ove Pedersen, whose sport is human, played for the Norway under-16 national football team.
Yelena Bonner won the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize in 1991.
Ben Kingsley, who starred in Ender's Game, plays Mazer Rackham.
Bob Schieffer was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend award in April 2008.
Martina Hingis is the 1998 winner of the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award.
Pablo de Barros Paulino is a human being who plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
Nanjala Nyabola won the Rhodes Scholarship in 2009.
Gérard Depardieu won the Stanislavsky Award in 2006.
Sarah Adwoa Safo graduated from University of Ghana with a Bachelor of Laws degree.
Acorn Computers was the developer of the ARM architecture, which was introduced in 1983.
The HTC Desire 826 is manufactured by HTC and is a smartphone model.
Xavi Molina started playing for Gimnàstic de Tarragona in 2013.
The Alphonso Football Academy, which is in India, is associated with the game of association football.
Marion Cotillard stars in the role of Lady Macbeth. Macbeth is a 2015 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play.
Leonardo Carson, whose sport is human, played for Auburn Tigers.
Szewce, Sandomierz County is located in the UTC + 01:00 standard time zone.
Adolf Butenandt, a human, was awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Bernard Verdcourt won the Linnean Medal in 2000.
Thomas M. Ryan Jr graduated from the University of Nebraska Omaha. He was awarded the Air Medal.
Oulu is the capital of North Ostrobothnia, where the province ended on 31 December 2009.
Brad Fitzpatrick won the O'Reilly Open Source Award in 2010.
Andy Murray is the 2013 winner of the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year.
Raimonds Pauls was awarded the Order of the Polar Star in 1997.
Tom Wilkinson plays Lyndon B. Johnson and is a cast member of Selma.
Midtstuen station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is valid during daylight saving time.
Anil K. Jain ( computer scientist , born 1948 ) won the W. Wallace McDowell Award in 2007.
The RNLB Mona (ON 775) is a ship built by J. Samuel White.
Steve Spurrier was a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers.
Kate Storey won the Waddington Medal in 2019.
Tomas Espedal won the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature in 2009.
Patrick van Rensburg won the Right Livelihood Award in 1981.
Mark Mercuri won the Crichton Medal in 1999.
Juan Manuel Ramos started his career in 2014 and plays for Calcio Catania.
Backer Aloenouvo started his career in 2010 and plays for Togo.
Szeréna Stern is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary and is an activist for human rights.
Dalhousie Castle is located in Cockpen, which is a civil parish in Scotland.
Rolamellah Nouar began his career with Gap FC in 2011.
Cuan Na Grai was born in 2001 and is a horse.
Yorick Wilks was awarded the BCS Lovelace Medal in 2009.
Mikael Lustig was a member of Celtic FC in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership.
Thom Haye was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Theodore Schwan, who held the rank of general officer, is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski was awarded the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1808.
Ray of Light won the Grammy Award for Best Recording Package in 1999.
Shane Duffy was a member of the Everton F.C. soccer team in the 2010-11 Premier League.
The Canadian National Railway maintains the Dubuque Rail Bridge which was opened in December 1868.
Edward Witten won the Albert Einstein Medal in 1985.
Dinesh Palipana, whose given name is Dinesh, graduated from the Queensland University of Technology.
Urs Widmer was awarded the Swiss Book Prize in 2014.
Gordon Mohr is the creator of Bitzi, a website.
Bellpuig railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, which is Standard Time.
Andrew Mittendorf, also known as Andrew, plays for the Long Island Rough Riders.
The Mugi Line is connected to Yuki Station ( Tokushima ) and Tainohama Station is adjacent to it.
David Blackwood was awarded the Order of Ontario in 2002.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury came into force on 16 August 2017.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger won the 1956 Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award.
Michael Dorn plays the character Worf in The Vengeance Factor.
The Hunslet Engine Company built the Tasmanian Government Railways E class which was manufactured in 1874.
Patrick Wey was drafted by the Washington Capitals and studied at Boston College.
Orkney Library and Archive is located in Orkney, which is governed by Orkney's local authority.
Claud William Wright, in 1987, won the Prestwich Medal.
Lee-Roy Walters is a member of the Boland cricket team and his profession is human.
The film Mallika, from India, starred Himanshu Malik.
The docking and berthing of the Soyuz T-5 spacecraft is significant. The soyuz T-5 is located on Salyut 7.
Nichelle Nichols is in the film A Taste of Armageddon, and she plays the character Uhura.
The painting surface of Portrait of Catherine Balebina is canvas.
Mark Helprin, who won the Helmerich Award in 2006, is the winner of the Helmerich Award.
Arpat Avanesyan graduated from Yerevan State University in 1966.
Jodi Kantor won the Gerald Loeb Award in 2018.
Tim Cahill, who was a member of the Everton F.C. soccer team, played in the 2006-07 FA Premier League season.
Tino Villanueva won the American Book Award in 1994.
J. Anthony Lukas won the National Book Award for Nonfiction in 1985.
Jordan Hugill plays for Preston North End FC and was a participant at the 2015-16 Football League Cup.
Richard Sharpe Shaver was born in Berwick, Pennsylvania.
Jaime Alba Delibes is the child of Santiago Alba y Bonifaz, who speaks Spanish.
Hamilton College is located in South Lanarkshire which has a local authority role.
The Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia describes Umbrian as being different from other Umbrian dialects.
Emile Hirsch stars in Speed Racer.
Vagiz Galiulin started his career in 2016 with FC Tosno.
Highway 407 station is located at Pioneer Village station, which is a station towards Finch station.
Francis Birch was a geophysicist who won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1973.
State Route 147 connects to Utah State Route 156, which is located in Spanish Fork, Utah.
Diego Carrillo started playing for CD Castellón in 2014.
Robert Noyce received the IEEE Medal of Honor in 1978.
Daniel Kleppner won the Lilienfeld Prize in 1991.
Pskov Oblast (capital of Pskov) was established on 23 August 1944.
Ousseynou Thioune, who was born in Senegal, made his debut for the Senegal national football team in 2014.
Arturo Vidal started playing for the Chile national football team in 2007.
The mayor of Senija is the head of government in Senija where the head of government is Josep Ivars Crespo.
Greenford station is adjacent to Perivale tube station, which is on the Central line of the London Underground.
Marisa Laurito stars in La pagella, the director of photography was Luigi Ciccarese.
Brett White started his career in 2005 with Melbourne Storm.
Bennas railway station is located in the Standard Time zone, but Eastern European Time is still in use.
The Arroyo Seco Parkway is located in Pasadena, California, which is a city with a north direction.
The director of photography for Jaanwar is Jal Mistry and the film comes from India.
Daiba Station (Tokyo) is located at the Toyosu Station, which is the station of the Tokyo International Cruise Terminal Station.
Lloyd Sam began his career in 2015 and played for the Ghana national football team.
Zoya Voskresenskaya won the Lenin Komsomol Prize in 1980.
Danny Huston was born in Rome, Italy.
Mitchell Weiser started playing for the Germany national under 21 football team in 2015.
Fernando Belluschi started playing for Argentina in 2005.
Don Ohlmeyer is the winner of the Sports Lifetime Achievement Award, which was given in 2006.
COSCO International Holdings was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 11 February 1992.
Merchant Adventurers is a song written by Edward Elgar.
Peter-Erich Cremer received the U-boat Front Clasp on 27 September 1944.
Yann Sommer was a member of the Swiss national football team and was a participant at UEFA Euro 2016.
Violette Cornelius is represented by the Netherlands Photo Museum, which is a copyright collective.
The home ground of Fresno FC is Chukchansi Park. They play in the USL Championship.
Paul Foster-Bell was a member of the 51st New Zealand Parliament, which represented the New Zealand National Party.
Mona VanDuyn won the National Book Award for Poetry in 1971.
Sydney Chapman ( mathematician ) won the William Bowie Medal in 1962.
The Tarumi Station (Gifu) is located towards Kochibora Station, which is adjacent to Oribe Station.
Nandu M. Natekar won the Arjuna Award in 1961.
Philipsburg is the capital city of Sint Maarten.
Mark Bradford is a member of the Dallas Cowboys in the American Football league. He is a human being.
Delaware Route 100 is part of the Delaware State Route System and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Moe Franklin, who was a human, was buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery.
Ellen Ripley is a character in Alien 3 where Sigourney Weaver is a cast member.
Ahmed Ali Kamel began his career in 2010 and plays for the Egypt national football team.
DynCorp was acquired by Cerberus Capital Management in July 2010.
Miguel Suarez started playing for Bolivia in 2012.
Axel Villanueva began his career in 2010 and has represented the Nicaragua national football team.
Nikolay Koshelev attended the Imperial Academy of Arts, graduating in 1865.
The Parish of Wallaroo is located in Murray County, New South Wales.
Scott Frost played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2003.
The EMD RS1325 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel in September 1960.
Barbara Walters, married to Merv Adelson, started her career in 1953.
Marco Ilaimaharitra started his career in 2013 playing for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Alexandre Jardin won the Prix Femina in 1988.
Yamazaki Station (Aichi) is adjacent to Morikami Station which is located towards Yatomi Station.
The leader of Chiba Prefecture is Kensaku Morita, who became the Governor on April 5th 2009.
Hideki Ishige began his career in 2012 and plays for Shimizu S-Pulse.
Mark Jefferson was awarded the Cullum Geographical Medal in 1931.
Doxa Katokopias FC, whose home ground is Peristerona Stadium, were relegated from the 2001-02 Cypriot First Division.
Count Dracula was portrayed by Charlie Callas in the film Hysterical.
Abdullaziz Al-Dawsari started playing for the Saudi Arabia national football team in 2010.
Michael Wright is a member of the CB Granada basketball team.
Shawn Heins is a member of the San Jose Sharks, a team which is part of the human resources category.
The Adoration of the Magi (tapestry) is in a private collection owned by Wilfrid Scawen Blunt.
Lady's Linn is located in Dumfries and Galloway which has a local authority.
John Forbes Nash Jr was born in Bluefield, West Virginia.
Biger is the administrative centre of Govi-Altai Province where Southern Mongolian is spoken.
Labinot Harbuzi started his career at Melaka United in 2016.
Viktor Serebryanikov was born in Zaporizhia, Zaporizhia, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Lev Sverdlin was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour in 1938.
Muirkirk is located in East Ayrshire where the local authority is East Ayrshire.
Sifan Hassan competed in the 1500 metres event at the 2017 IAAF Diamond League.
The Times describes the economist and civil servant Henry Higgs.
Luke Nevill's name is Luke and he plays for Utah Flash.
Shemel Louison was born in Grenada, where he started his career in 2011.
Clarisse Le Bihan began her career in 2015 and is a member of the France women's national football team.
Tim Roth is a cast member in Hoodlum, which was filmed in New York City.
Bogucin , Ciechanow County is located in the UTC + 01:00 standard time zone.
Stefan Pichler began working for Lufthansa in 1989.
Tony Dorsett won the Heisman Trophy in 1976.
F. Peter Guengerich won the William C. Rose Award in 2005.
Jun-ichi Nishizawa was awarded the IEEE Edison Medal in 2000.
Veysel Aksu began his career in 2016 and plays for Bayrampaşa SK.
Vekoma is the manufacturer of Golden Wings in Snowfield, a steel roller coaster.
The terminus of Utah State Route 149 is Jensen, Utah, where the highway heads south.
Edwin La Dell is relative to Charles Mozley.
The location of Turow, Lubin County is in the Standard time zone UTC + 01 : 00.
Dino Risi was born in Milan, Italy.
The book The Stand, written in English, won the NPR Top 100 Science Fiction and Fantasy Books.
Natalya Saifutdinova began her career in 2015, when she was with the Astana Women's Team.
Marina Sirtis is in the cast of Star Trek: The Next Generation where Cost of Living ( Star Trek : The Next Generation ) plays the character Deanna Troi.
The Airborne Early Warning Group (JASDF) is part of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.
Ernest Clarke is a biographer who contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography.
Fadd, Hungary is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone, which is valid in Standard time.
Luuk de Jong was a member of the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League team where he plays for FC Twente.
David Herman is the voice actor of Erol in the film Jak 3.
Paul Walker, who plays Brian O'Conner in Fast & Furious 6, starred in the film.
The Delta Academies Trust is the operator of De Warenne Academy which is sponsored by the Delta Academies Trust.
Younes Al Shibani began his career in 2012 with Ismaily SC.
The Pretender: Rebirth is a speculative fiction novel written in English.
Willem van Bemmel was in Augsburg in 1662.
Pat Buchanan is a cast member of An Unreasonable Man, which originates from the United States.
The voice actor Kerry Condon is the character F.R.I.D.A.Y. in the Marvel Comics superhero film Avengers: Infinity War.
Kisaburo Yokota was awarded the Person of Cultural Merit in 1975.
Eva von Bahr ( physicist )'s employer was Uppsala University, where she started in 1901.
Robert Crippen won the Hubbard medal in 1981.
Gianni Romme won the Oscar Mathisen Award in 2000.
Tim Nicholls graduated from the Queensland University of Technology with a Bachelor of Laws degree.
The mayor of Trabadelo is the head of government in Trabadelo, where Ricardo Fernandez Gonzalez is also the head of government.
Leonid Hurwicz won the National Medal of Science in 1990.
Matheus Leite Nascimento began his career in 2011 with FC Dnipro.
Clara Montalba, who works in the Netherlands, is the daughter of Anthony R. Montalba.
The Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 is an Act of Parliament in the UK.
Geoff Pullar was awarded the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1960.
The Indian locomotive class WU was manufactured at Vulcan Foundry in 1943.
Federico Fellini won the BAFTA Fellowship in 1987.
Brian Vernel, who plays Odda the Younger, starred in the TV series "The Last Kingdom".
Wang Manli is a speed skating competitor who won the silver medal in the 500m event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Iserbrook station is located in the Central European time zone, which is valid in Standard time.
Kristoffer Pallesen played for Viborg FF in 2013.
Bruno Gabriel Soares began his career in 2015 with FC Kairat.
Roger Rojas started playing for the Honduras national football team in 2010.
Dana Scott won the Harold Pender Award in 1990.
Michael J. Bloomfield, who was the Space Shuttle's pilot, was a crew member on STS-97.
La Grande Vadrouille was distributed by StudioCanal, the company which began in 2006.
Rosemary Laing is represented by the Galerie Lelong, an art gallery.
Donald Kirk won the 1974 George Polk Award.
Marco Larsen played for FC Midtjylland in 2011.
The Mark of Gideon stars William Shatner as James T Kirk.
Dwayn Holter, who started playing for Luxembourg in 2014, has represented his country.
The Mont Cenis Pass Railway, named after the Mont Cenis massif, was opened on 15 June 1868.
Schweizer Fernsehen won the German Film Award for Best Feature Film and was nominated for the same.
Sourouklis Troullon played in the 2004-05 Cypriot Fourth Division and is a member of the Cyprus Football Association.
Jean Le Veneur was the Diocesan Bishop of the Ancient Diocese of Lisieux.
René Unglaube, whose real name is René, is a member of Hertha BSC.
Mohamed Ben Othman started playing for Angers SCO in 2014.
The Corn snake (Coluber guttatus) is a synonym of Coluber guttatus.
J.T. Noone started playing for the Baltimore Blast in 2011.
Solonovka is located in the time zone of Krasnoyarsk time, the start date of which is 27 March 2016.
The Essential Gloria Estefan, a greatest hits album, was released in the United States.
Joni Taylor is an assistant coach at Louisiana State University.
The Man from Chinnamasta is written in English and published by Katha Books.
Craignish Castle is located in the Argyll and Bute local authority area.
Severnlea, Queensland is located within the electoral district of Southern Downs, which has the role of electoral districts of Queensland.
Michelle Bolsonaro began her career as the First Lady of Brazil in 2019.
Iida Line is connected to the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line at Toyohashi Station.
Shane MacEachern is a member of the St. Louis Blues and he is a human being.
Ty Burrell, who starred in Modern Family, played Phil Dunphy.
Tom Lutz, who was a winner of the American Book Awards in 2008, has won the awards.
John J. McMahon served as the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton.
Nicola Agnozzi served as Titular Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Adramyttium.
Malefices, written by Guillaume Rohmer, was published by Jeux Descartes.
Sheryl Crow was the winner of the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist in 1997.
Karen Muradyan started her career in 2015 playing for FC Alashkert.
Sam Hendriks began his career in 2015 with AFC Ajax.
Jacques Haitkin was the director of photography in Quiet Cool, which was from the United States.
Ryan Seacrest created Momma's Boys, the presenter of which, is Cesare Cadeo.
Zachary Quinto, who plays the character Sylar, stars in the American TV series, Heroes.
The author of No Pasa Nada is José Luis Roma and it was produced by Hanna Nicole.
Kurokawa Station (Kanagawa) is located adjacent to Kurihira Station which is located towards Shin-Yurigaoka Station.
Damián Malrechauffe began his career in 2015 with Quilmes Atlético Club.
Leslie Uggams, who starred in Deadpool 2, plays Blind Al.
Laura Fygi was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Yunomoto Station is located adjacent to Ichiki Station which is located towards Sendai Station (Kagoshima).
Rajab Mwinyi started his career in 2003 and is a member of the Burundi national football team.
Romuald Figuier from Luxembourg was a performer in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969.
J. Adam Brown, who plays Boomer, starred in the movie Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire.
Anass Achahbar plays for Feyenoord and Morocco.
Masuga Station is adjacent to Matsuzuka Station, which was opened on 21 March 1925.
Parton is in Dumfries and Galloway where the local authority is Dumfries and Galloway.
The Price of Life is a 1987 science fiction film that was originally shown in English.
Martha L. Ludwig graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a master of science degree.
All Nippon Airways operate the New Chitose Airport at Wakkanai Airport.
Jahongir Abdumominov started his career in 2015 with FC AGMK.
Alfred P Sloan Jr. Prize winner was Oliver Smithies, who won the prize in 1994.
Susaek station, opened on 1 April 1908, has a station adjacent to Digital Media City station.
Calgary Mustangs (soccer) play at McMahon Stadium and play in the Canadian Professional Soccer League (83).
Radoslav Terziev started playing for PFC Botev Plovdiv in 2012.
Francesco Piccolo won the Strega Prize in 2014.
Loh Sea Keong started with the Thailand Continental Cycling Team in 2017.
Asier Illarramendi is a member of the Real Madrid CF soccer team and was a participant in the 2013-14 La Liga season.
The station of Werdohl is located in the Central European Time Zone which is used in Standard time.
Massimo Borgobello started his career in 1988 and has played for F.C.D. Conegliano Calcio 1907.
Isaac Fe'aunati, who plays the role of Jonah Lomu, stars in Invictus.
Elliot Grove is the producer of Deadly Virtues which is from the Netherlands.
Blankenfelde station is located in the Central European Time Zone which is Standard time.
The Caudron C.60 is an aircraft manufactured by Caudron.
One More Tomorrow ( film )'s director of photography is Bert Glennon, and David Weisbart is the film editor.
Paitela Kelemene plays for the Tuvalu national football team, which he started playing for in 2007.
The Post canonical system, a Semi-Thue system, was invented by Emil Leon Post.
Eddie Maple was the winner of the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award in 1995.
Atsutaka Nakamura started playing for Kashima Antlers in 2013.
Old Bend High School was the occupant of Bend Senior High School which ended in 1956.
Michel Tognini, who was a mission specialist 1 was a crew member of STS-93.
Bernhard Friedmann, who works in Bonn, is a native speaker of German.
Agnel Gomes began his career in 2012 and is a member of Sporting Clube de Goa.
The Kuvale language is spoken in Benguela Province, which contains the Chongorói.
Mahmadu Alphajor Bah is a human being who played for Mighty Blackpool F.C.
Romilly Fedden worked in Volendam in 1906.
Ethnikos Achna FC, whose home ground is the Dasaki Stadium, were competing in the Cypriot First Division in the 2000-01 season.
Leonard Piontek, a human, was a participant in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Maffeo Giovanni Ducoli served as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Verona.
Kirsty Bertarelli won the Miss United Kingdom pageant in 1988.
Jean-Eudes Maurice started his career with FC Aktobe in 2018.
Maurizio Sarri is the head coach of Juventus FC, he began his career on June 16th 2019.
The architect of Cohen House, London, was Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank. The sunroom is one of the elements of the Cohen House.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport is operated by Singapore Airlines and has a scheduled service to Singapore Changi Airport.
Alex Avila plays for the Arizona Diamondbacks and is the son of Al Avila.
Derek Foran began his career in 2015 with Sacramento Republic FC.
Diego Rigonato Rodrigues started playing for Stade de Reims in 2012.
Carlos Lima started his career in 2013, and has represented Cape Verde.
Brent Bookwalter was the winner of the 2015 USA Pro Cycling Challenge and he finished second overall.
Andrei Belyanin was born in Astrakhan, Soviet Union.
The Pioneer Zephyr, a passenger train, was manufactured by the Budd Company.
Jordy Clasie began his career in 2012 and plays for the Netherlands national football team.
Keita Balde started playing for the Catalonia national football team in 2014.
Corentin Tolisso played for FC Bayern Munich in the 2018-19 Bundesliga season.
Anthony Hill is a human being who played for the Indianapolis Colts in the American Football.
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC competed in the 1955-56 Cypriot First Division. Their home ground is the GSE Stadium.
LeVar Burton, who plays Geordi La Forge in Star Trek: The Next Generation, starred in Reunion.
Mariano Sambucetti started playing for Bristol Bears in 2005.
The Arizona Cardinals, whose home ground is Wrigley Field, are coached by Steve Wilks.
Andreas Wiegel started his career in 2015 with MSV Duisburg.
Khurshit Lutfullayev started playing for the Kyrgyzstan national football team in 2007.
Topolnoye is in the Krasnoyarsk time zone and the start of that time is 27 March 2016.
Borys Orlovskyi began his career in 2010 and has represented FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi.
The head coach of FK Haugesund is Jostein Grindhaug, who began his coaching career on 24 January 2019.
Beacon Hill, New South Wales, is located in the electoral district of Wakehurst, New South Wales.
Manny Jiménez is the name of a player for Rochester Red Wings.
Sergei Kostin began his career in 2015 and is a member of FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo.
AEK Larnaca FC competed in the 1994-95 Cypriot First Division. AEK Larnaca FC's home ground is the GSZ Stadium.
In 1945 the novel Frankenstein Conquers the World was set in Hiroshima.
Bob Fosse has won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer, which was first given in 2001.
Nichola McAuliffe won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical in 1987.
Anthony Scaramozzino started playing for RC Lens in 2015.
Joan Allen plays the character Pamela Landy in The Bourne Legacy.
Sophie Amalie Moth is the name of Sophie Amalie Moth, whose child was Christiane Gyldenloeve.
Torrensville, South Australia is located in the Division of Hindmarsh, one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Marek Rutkiewicz, who rode in the 2019 Tour de Pologne, is a member of the Polish men's national road cycling team.
Earl Mossor, who plays for the Mobile Bears, is a human being.
Emmanuel Ullmo is the winner of the Elie Cartan Prize, in 2006.
Nikolaos Karabelas started playing for the Greece national football team in 2014.
Bell station (TRE) is connected to the Trinity Railway Express line. It is located at the same station as Richland Hills station.
Remo Holsmer is a human being and plays for BC Kalev.
The novel Secret Nation is from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Narciso Lubasa started his career in 2014 and is a member of the TuS Erndtebrück club.
Mark Webber is the winner of the DHL Fastest Lap Award in 2011.
Hidenori Ishii began his career in 2015 with Tokushima Vortis.
Vladislav Lyakh started playing for FC Dinamo Minsk in 2018.
Yuriy Tselykh, whose name is Yury, plays for FC CSKA Kyiv.
Barbara Borg is a member of the German Archaeological Institute which has the role of a corresponding member.
The character Caitlin Todd is played by Sasha Alexander who stars in the TV series NCIS.
Charlotte Cardin was a competitor in La Voix in 2013.
Skerdilaid Curri plays for VFC Plauen and his country is Germany.
Milad Zeneyedpour started his career in 2016 with Dalkurd FF.
Hathras Kila railway station is located in the Indian Standard time zone.
Marat Khairullin started his career in 2011 and plays for the Kazakhstan national football team.
Andris Liepa began his career in June 1999 when Latvia became a country.
Slovenia was a participant in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, in which Regina was the singer.
The Missouri Compromise is a United States legislation.
Nicolás Klappenbach started his career in 2005 and plays for the Uruguay national rugby union team.
Muchlis Hadi began his career in 2013 with PSM Makassar.
Jack Douglas is a record producer who uses the English language.
Heinz-Otto Schultze began his career on 1 June 1935 and served in the Kriegsmarine.
Stephanie Bukovec started playing for the AFC Ajax Vrouwen team in July 2019.
Joe Gomez, a footballer for Liverpool F.C., was a member of the Liverpool F.C. team that won the 2017-18 EFL Cup.
Charles Fanning won the American Book Awards in 1989.
Ricardo Velazco began his career in 2015 with the Real Monarchs.
Harmeet Singh is a footballer who started playing for the Norway national football team in 2012.
The Javanese Latin alphabet is derived from the Latin script and is used in Javanese language.
David Sutcliffe, who plays Christopher Hayden, is a cast member of Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life.
Dmytro Pryma began his career in 2009 with FC Stal Kamianske.
Junior Poluleuligaga started playing for the Samoa national rugby union team in 2007.
The Little Mermaid ( 1989 film )'s supervising animator was Ruben A. Aquino.
Nikola Portner is the child of Zlatko Portner, who played for FC Barcelona.
Daniel Mullins was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff.
Harrogate Town AFC play at Wetherby Road and their coach is Simon Weaver.
Valentina Telichkina, who began her career in 1965, was awarded the Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR.
The mayor is the head of government in Richebourg, Yvelines. Bernadette Courty is the leader of Richebourg.
Ferdinando Gentile was the father of Alessandro Gentile, who is the brother of Stefano Gentile.
Dudu Twito began his football career in 2015 and plays for the Israel national under 21 football team.
Bob Barker plays Bob Barker in Happy Gilmore.
Larry Jackson started playing soccer in 2015 for the Wilmington Hammerheads FC.
Samuele Beretta started his career in 2010 and has played for Inter Milan.
Dean DeBlois created the Lilo & Stitch franchise which includes the Game Boy Advance game Disney's Lilo & Stitch.
Dora Afi Abotsi, also known as Dora, competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The character Zarathos is a supervillain in Marvel Spotlight.
Reid Bailey, a human, played with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Francis Kahata started playing for the Kenya national football team in 2011.
The Shiga Prefecture is the maintainer of Japan National Route 422 which was started in 1982.
Brent Spiner, who plays Data in Star Trek, appeared in The Next Phase.
Vladimir Arnold won the Lenin Prize in 1965.
Tahj Mowry, who voiced Wade, is a character in Kim Possible.
Kamoliddin Murzoev started his career in 2015, and is a member of the FC Dinamo Samarqand.
Tommaso Ruffo's consecrator was Pope Innocent XIII, whose principal co-consecrators were Pope Innocent XIII.
Yerson Opazo began his career in 2012 and plays for the Chile national football team.
Leandro Rosa Souza began his career in 2011 for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
Boris Boyanchev plays for FC Pirin Gotse Delchev, he started his career in 2013.
Adrian Kurek started his career in the year 2019 for Team Hurom.
Kate Mulgrew, who portrayed Kathryn Janeway, stars in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Someone to Watch Over Me".
The SS Empire Broadsword was a steamship built by Consolidated Steel Corporation.
Faouzi Abdelghani plays for JS Massira, which was acquired by a loan.
Jinju was twinning with Zhengzhou, which began July 25, 2000.
Mukaisenoue Station is an adjacent station to Senoue Station and was opened on July 1, 1988.
Zhao Baofang, who is the brother of Zhao Yiming, competed in cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Arthur Kopit, who won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical in 1982, has a career in music.
Charlie Stobo made his debut for the New South Wales cricket team in 2016.
K.P. Appanna began his career in 2006 and plays for the Karnataka cricket team.
Dimitris Stamou started playing for the Greece national under-21 football team in 2011.
Dirleton Kirk is located in East Lothian where the local authority is East Lothian.
Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man was first performed on 1 November 1868 at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
The Deployable Operations Group is a topic in the United States.
Gustav Rohrich Sod House is in the United States and has the rustic style of architecture.
Claudio Bortolotto won the mountain classification at the 1980 Giro d'Italia.
Kazuhiko Chiba started playing for the Japan national football team in 2013.
Angelo Rizzoli won the Globo d'oro award for the film Red Desert.
Sergey Bubka was born in the Soviet Union, a country that ended in 1993.
Moshkovsky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which began on July 24, 2016.
Henry Hobson Richardson is the architect of Wellesley Farms station, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Cal State Northridge Matadors football team is based in the United States.
Victor Hănescu lives in Bucharest, Romania.
The NZR OC class was manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works, in 1896.
Cornell Woolrich won the Martin Beck Award in 1975.
Romeo Papini started playing for the club U.S. Lecce in 2013.
Dexter Jackson is a wide receiver for the Carolina Panthers. Dexter Jackson is a human being.
Batayevka is located in the Samara Time Zone which began on 27 March 2016.
The 1928 Giro di Lombardia was won by Gaetano Belloni of the general classification.
George Henry Bogert's work location was Haarlem, the date of which, is 2 July 1898.
Marat Anvaryevich Safin is a human being who plays for FC Volga Ulyanovsk.
Josh Keaton, who starred in the Even Stevens Movie, plays Mootai.
The League of Legends European Championship is organized by Riot Games and sponsored by Kia Motors.
Theo Epstein graduated from the University of San Diego School of Law with a Juris Doctor degree.
Roger Moore is a character in Romulus and the Sabines.
Gaston Therrien is a human being who played for Diables Noirs de Tours.
Alain Viret is the leader of Ferreyres, where the mayor is the head of government.
The Treviso Cathedral is located on Piazza del Duomo and has an architectural style of Neoclassical architecture.
Corry Evans was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team and was a participant in the 2018-19 UEFA Nations League B.
Georges Bereta, who played for AS Saint-Étienne, scored the goal in the 1970 Coupe de France Final.
Cavan Biggio was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in 2016.
Niki Cross, who is a human, plays for Newcastle Jets FC.
Connor Trinneer, who plays the character Trip Tucker, stars in the film Fallen Hero.
Adam Teuto is the subject of the ADB publication Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Nadine Garner, who is Jennifer Mapplethorpe, stars in City Homicide.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement in 1963.
The Fiat manufactured Alfa Romeo Arna is powered by a petrol engine.
The Strikers are a funk band from New York City, United States.
Moussa Sissoko was a member of the France national football team, and participated at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Willem van der Woude was the doctoral advisor of Nicolaas Kuiper, who had Floris Takens as one of his doctoral students.
Elisa Lohmann started playing for Schweriner SC in 2015.
Victor Cannings, given name Victor, played for Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
Hari Ng Sablay, distributed by Regal Entertainment, is a film that was originally shown in English.
Hannah Park is in the local authority of North Lanarkshire.
Annia Hatch competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in which she won the silver medal in the women's vault.
Gaston Otreras started playing for Unión San Felipe in 2014.
Energy in Spain is a main category in Spain.
Omer Damari started his career in 2010 and plays for the Israel national football team.
The Battle of Blarathon was in Ganzak, which is located near the city of Ganzak.
Robert Edmund Graves, a biographer, is the creator of the Dictionary of National Biography.
Hovhannes Abelian, who began his career in 1925, resides in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Artem Dudik, whose club is FC Slutsk, is a human being.
Nour El Sayed started playing for ENPPI SC in 2015.
The Challengers was created by Ron Greenberg and distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
Shaun Hutchinson played in the Scottish Premier League in 2009-10. He played for Motherwell F.C.
Philippa York won the 1990 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré in the general classification.
Abdennour Siouane was born in Algeria, he started his career in 2010.
Jay Lenton made his debut for the New South Wales cricket team in 2015.
Josh Archibald started in the National Hockey League in 2015.
The Northbound route of New Brunswick Route 95, which is the terminus of Interstate 95, is also known as the New Brunswick Route 95.
Martin O'Toole was a citizen of the Irish Free State, which ended on 29 December 1937.
Gardiehbey Zeo started playing for Liberia in 2005.
Like Water for Chocolate is a romance novel set in Mexico.
Roman Zharikov started playing for FC Tom Tomsk in 2008.
The home of Chicago State Cougars women's basketball, which play in the Western Athletic Conference, is the Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center.
Michael Donskoff's country of citizenship is Russia, where he began his career on 21 October 2008.
Allison Janney, who plays C.J. Cregg, stars in Twenty Five (The West Wing).
Cameron Bayly started his career in 2017 with the Bennelong SwissWellness Cycling Team p/b Cervelo.
Rick Fitts is a character in You Lucky Dog and he plays Detective.
The Helmsley Building is located on Park Avenue and has the Beaux-Arts architectural style.
Pappachen Pradeep started his career in 2004 and is a member of the India national football team.
The National Association of Immigration Judges is affiliated with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, which was founded in 2000.
Konstantynow, Sochaczew County is in the UTC+1:00 Standard time zone.
Leonardo Jara started playing for Boca Juniors in 2016.
John Francis Queeny, who retired in 1928, was the Chief Executive Officer of Monsanto.
Sadio Sow is a human being who played for Gazélec Ajaccio.
Eduardo Gadiano is the head of government in Occidental Mindoro, he began his career on 30 June 2019.
The mayor is the head of government in Cimballa, the country where Cecilio Eloy Roy Enguita is the leader.
Kashipur Junction railway station is in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Jagdalpur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Henricus Franciscus Wiertz was born in Amsterdam in 1810.
WarBirds is a video game for macOS.
Las Vegas Aviators' home ground is the Las Vegas Ballpark, where they began play in 2019.
Walter Lantz Productions is the production company of The Hollywood Matador, which was made using traditional animation.
Manuel Perez ( footballer ) started his career in 2013 and plays for Stade Brestois 29.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento began his career in 2011 for Salgueiro Atlético Clube.
Vladimir Gorodetsky was born in the Soviet Union, a country which ended in 1991.
Sigurd Rushfeldt, who played for Rosenborg BK, won the Kniksen Award for striker of the year.
Steven Davis played for Southampton FC in the 2016-17 EFL Cup season.
Kevin Killen won the Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 2006.
Jean Zimmer started playing for VfB Stuttgart in 2016.
Kenneth Zohore started his career in 2013 and plays for the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Raiano railway station is located in the Central European time zone, which is the time used by Standard time.
Renato Ramos began his career in 2016 and plays for A.C. Barnechea.
The place of burial of Mahasti is Pierce Brothers Westwood Village Memorial Park and Mortuary, which is located in Los Angeles.
Michael Cooper is the winner of the J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award in 1986.
The film Moonraker stars Walter Gotell, who plays the character General Gogol.
The University of Paris was replaced by the University of Paris 13 Nord in 1971.
Jimmy Tomlinson played for Darwen F.C. and was a human being.
Spike Milligan, who plays Bonacieux, stars in The Three Musketeers.
Hairol Mokhtar began his career in 2010 and has played for Sarawak FA.
Yoo Kyoung-youl started his career in 2014 with Cheonan City FC.
The Saleen S1 is manufactured by Saleen and is considered a subclass of car.
Ramzan Asayev plays for FC Akhmat Grozny as a goalkeeper.
Darren Amoo began his career in 2012 with Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC.
Abdullah Mousa started his career in the United Arab Emirates national football team in 2009.
Carli de Murga began his career in 2011 and plays for the Philippines national football team.
Irina Mikitenko (born Irina Mikitenko) competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sacramento Republic FC play in the USL Championship and their home ground is Papa Murphy's Park.
The Nunukan Regency, which has the capital city of Nunukan, is bordered by the Miri Division.
Leonidas Lee attended Princeton University and his place of burial is Rosehill Cemetery.
2014 Grand Prix Hassan II -- Singles was part of the 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II and was followed by 2015 Grand Prix Hassan II.
David Gugganig began his career in 2015, playing for FC Liefering.
Jabari Arthur is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs who play in the Human Football League.
Kairat Nurdauletov started playing for the Kazakhstan national football team in 2003.
Indianapolis Colts are the winners of the Best Game ESPY Award, the team that won it in 1996.
Goran Siljanovski began his career in 2014 and is a member of the North Macedonia national football team.
The leader of Portoviejo Canton is Agustin Casanova, he is also the Mayor.
The Governor of Carinthia is Peter Kaiser.
Sardor Mirzaev started playing for the Uzbekistan national football team in 2015.
Paolo Goltz started his career in 2014 with the club Atlético Independiente.
Valentyna Semerenko won a bronze medal at the 2019 Biathlon World Championships.
Karaulnoye is located in Moscow Time zone. The time zone of Karaulnoye ended on 27 March 2016.
Maria Skobtsova was born in Riga, Russian Empire.
Ben Taskar, whose doctoral advisor was Daphne Koller, is known by the name Ben.
Andre Micael started his career in July 2019 with FC Paços de Ferreira.
Jukka Koskinen started his career in 2000 with FC Haka.
The British game show Catchphrase is based on the English language and is distributed by ITV Studios.
Woody Harrelson, who plays Haymitch Abernathy, is a character in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2.
Bob Spargo Sr. was a member of the Melbourne Football Club and his son Bob Spargo also played for the club.
David Foster is the producer of I've Got the Next Dance, which is from the United States.
Zhao Deyin's surname is Zhao and his child is called Zhao Kuangning.
The character Jacob is portrayed by Courtney B Vance in the film Let It Shine.
Sangerhausen station is in the Central European Time zone, which is the time zone used by Standard time.
NTT Docomo began trading on 1 March 2002 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Julien Durand started his career in 2012 for Gombak United FC.
Joseph Michael Sullivan was appointed Auxiliary Bishop and his consecrator was John J. Snyder.
Paul Haggis was the winner of the Valentine Davies Award in 2001.
The mayor is the leader of Olocau, where the head of government is Antonio Ropero Morales.
Ottaviano Nonni was born in Bologna in 1575.
Pauline Moore, who played Constance Bonacieux, was a character in the 1939 film The Three Musketeers.
The film First Monday in October is based on the first Monday in October.
Chris Warren ( basketball , born 1981 ) attended Lakeview Centennial High School. He is a member of the U.D. Oliveirense (basketball).
The Matsue-Shinjiko-Onsen Station is located at Matsue Vogel Park Station, which is located next to Takanomiya Station.
David Fincher won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction in 2013.
Radha Yadav plays for the India national cricket team.
Berkhamsted railway station, named after Berkhamsted, is located in or next to the Grand Junction Canal.
Marcus Berg started playing for the Sweden national football team in 2008.
Malik Asselah began his career in 2008 and is a member of the Algeria national football team.
AFC Ajax were the team of the player, Andre Onana, who started his career in 2016.
Hans-Peter Tschudi, who is a member of the Swiss Council of States, was born in Basel, Switzerland.
The director of photography for Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S. is Yoshinori Sekiguchi. The original language used in the film is Japanese.
Henderson Land Development was started on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 23rd 1981.
Wilfred Ndidi, a member of the Nigeria national football team, played at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Lewis Sergeant contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, in which he was a biographer.
Andrei Alekseyevich Ivanov started playing for FC Sibir Novosibirsk in 2014.
Roman Sabler started his career in 2014 with FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.
Price of Glory, which was originally shown in English, was directed by Affonso Beato.
Millicom started as a part of the Global Network Initiative in 2017.
Davide Succi started his career in 2012 and is a member of the A.C. Cesena club.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo disputed the claim that Rukwanzi Island is in Uganda.
People's Artist of the RSFSR was awarded to Eduard Martsevich, whose child is Filipp Martsevich.
Njabulo Ndlovu began his career in the Eswatini National Football Team in 2015.
Fredrik Carlsen started playing for Aalesunds FK in 2009.
Nicola Tomacelli is the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cassano all'Jonio.
The original language of Moskal-Charivnyk is Ukrainian and it was made by the Dovzhenko Film Studios.
Kindrochit Castle is located in Aberdeenshire where the local authority is Aberdeenshire.
Maximiliano Amondarain began his career in 2015. He plays for Elche CF Ilicitano.
Mark Rypien plays for Cleveland Browns and is a human being.
Mike Coffman attended Aurora Central High School, which is a state school.
Henry Bruton was the biographer of the Dictionary of National Biography.
Gifu Castle is named after Qishan County, which was named by Oda Nobunaga.
Daniel Karamoy started his career in 2014 and now plays for Persebaya Surabaya.
Roman Kreuziger, who ended 2014 Tinkoff -- Saxo season on 28 June 2014, was a part of the 2014 season for the Tinkoff-Saxo team.
Mel Gibson, who plays Max Rockatansky, is a character in Mad Max.
Principal photography began on the film Captain America: The First Avenger on 28 June 2010.
Anthony Ribelin began his career in 2014 with Montpellier HSC.
EPA Larnaca FC, whose home ground is the GSZ Stadium (1928), were a participating team in the 1949-50 Cypriot First Division.
Clodoaldo Paulino de Lima started playing for Figueirense FC in 2009.
César Abaya began his career in 2011 and plays for the Chad national football team.
Serkan Yusein started playing for PFC Botev Plovdiv in 2013.
Abdullah al-Hamid graduated from Al-Azhar University with a doctor of philosophy degree.
William O Brady served as Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux Falls.
The Hal Rogers Parkway is a Numbered Highway in Kentucky, maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Jean Lacouture, whose spouse is Simonne Lacouture, was the son of Joseph Lacouture.
The Bhavnagar Para railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Suhan Alagaratnam is a human being who plays for the Malaysia national cricket team.
Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, a member of the House of Flanders, was the brother of Geoffroy de Boulogne.
Yevgeny Lipeyev won the gold medal in the modern pentathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Durga Prasad Yadav lives in Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party.
Mounir Obbadi started his career in 2005 and plays for Morocco.
Giuseppe Pizzardo served as the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Suburbicarian Diocese of Albano.
Itako Station is adjacent to Nobukata Station which is located towards Kashima Soccer Stadium Station.
The Powerpuff Girls Movie features the voice of Roger L Jackson who is Mojo Jojo.
Yves Feys is a human being who played for Royal Antwerp F.C.
The time zone of Thiruvallikeni railway station is Indian Standard Time.
Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun played for the Togo national football team, which he began playing for in 2007.
Alyaksandr Taykow (born Alyaksandr Taykow) plays for Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Frank Edward McGurrin was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Gilles Poux is the Mayor of La Courneuve.
David Kiki started his career in the Benin national football team in 2015.
The mayor of Bliecos is the head of government in Bliecos, whose leader is Pablo Llorente Jodra.
Imran Qayyum started playing for Kent County Cricket Club in 2016.
Robert Carradine is from the Carradine family and his brother is Michael Bowen.
Rick D. Wasserman is the voice actor for the character Clayface in Batman: Arkham City.
Nikolay Moskalyov was the designer of the medal "For the Defence of Odessa" which is made of brass.
New York City, New York (state) is the birthplace of Alice Pearce.
Rafael Rodriguez Alonso is the head of government in Benafarces, whose mayor is the head of government.
The Buckland riot was located in Porepunkah, near the city of Porepunkah.
The local authority of the Scottish Borders, where Smailholm Tower is located, is Scottish Borders.
Patrick Bergin plays the character of Professor Challenger in The Lost World (1998).
Shaun Marsh made his debut for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 2017.
Minara Station (Ehime) is located adjacent to Aidai Igakubu Minamiguchi Station, which is located towards Yokogawara Station.
Upendra Yadav was born in Bhagawatpur, which is in Saptari District.
The director of photography for Stander is Jess Hall and the film is produced by Seven Arts Pictures.
British Rail Class 312 has a total production of +49 trainsets.
Karl Ullmann is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Michael Dawson is a footballer who plays for Hull City AFC and is a human being.
Sizy Bugor is located in the Moscow time zone, the end of which is 27 March 2016.
John Obi Mikel started playing for the Nigeria national football team in 2006.
Andrei Konovalov was born in Chelyabinsk, Soviet Union.
Sewraj Dawochand was born in Mauritius and started his career in 2007.
The English book To the Stars is about dystopia.
Arkadiusz Milik represented the Poland national football team at UEFA Euro 2016.
Zsolt Kiss started playing for BFC Siofok in 2011.
Fwayo Tembo started his career in 2008 and plays for the Zambia national football team.
DeForest Kelley, who starred in the film Mark of Gideon, plays Leonard McCoy.
Nonoichi Station (Ishikawa) is adjacent to Oshino Station, which is towards Nomachi Station.
Lovely Rosa was born in 1933 and she was in the horse racing industry.
Bob Moore is a human being who played for the Denver Broncos in the American Football.
Brandon Bess started playing for the West Indies cricket team in 2010.
Jude Law, who plays Yon-Rogg, stars in the film Captain Marvel.
Joan S. Valentine graduated from Princeton University with an academic degree in Doctor of Philosophy.
Boyko Borisov was born in Bankya, in the People's Republic of Bulgaria.
Joseph Worsley began his career in 2019 and plays for VfB Friedrichshafen.
Hans Dragendorff is a member of the German Archaeological Institute where he is an ordinary member.
Emily Osment plays the character Lilly Truscott in Hannah Montana.
Eleanor Bron, sister of Gerry Bron, is with Cedric Price.
Moussa Dembélé ( French footballer ) has played for Olympique Lyonnais, where he began his career on 31 August 2018.
Leonardo Devanir de Paula began his career in 2012 and plays for Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube.
William Dugald MacDougall, known as Dugald, is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Fedor Malykhin is a member of Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg and is a human being.
Wang Hong, whose family name is Wang, was the son of Wang Xun, the calligrapher.
Paul Angelis, who voiced the character Ringo Starr, is also a character in the film Yellow Submarine.
Harry Conway began his career in 2016 for the New South Wales cricket team.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange began trading Zhongsheng Group's stock on March 26, 2010.
Lewis Nixon III is a character in the miniseries Band of Brothers which stars Ron Livingston.
Robert Snodgrass, who played for Leeds United FC in the 2008-09 FA Cup, also played in the 2008-09 FA Cup.
The mayor is the head of government of Acedera where Diego Collado Ciudad is the leader.
Onur Dogan started playing for the Chinese Taipei national football team in 2014.
The director of photography for Dheem Tharikida Thom, from India, is S Kumar.
Carlos Brathwaite began his career in 2017 for the Quetta Gladiators.
Dean Gorré, whose child is Kenji Gorré, played for Blackpool F.C.
The Asanogawa Line is connected to the Hokuriku Main Line at Kanazawa Station.
The character Marty McFly is portrayed by Michael J. Fox, who is a member of the cast of the Back to the Future franchise.
The voice actor Jeffrey Garcia portrayed the character Sheen Estevez in The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius.
With partner Angélique Abachkina, Louis Thauron, competed at the 2016 World Junior Figure Skating Championships - Ice dancing.
Mirco Bergamasco began his career in 2014 with the Zebre.
Armands name day is April 22 in Latvia.
Laura Allen, who plays Lily Tyler, stars in The 4400.
James Doohan, who starred in the Star Trek series, is Scotty. He starred in the film The Ultimate Computer.
Izumo Sakane Station is adjacent to Miinohara Station which is towards Bingo-Ochiai Station.
The KM131 Jeep is a car model manufactured by Kia Motors.
The Other Boleyn Girl (2008 film) stars Natalie Portman, who plays Anne Boleyn.
The Assisi Underground ( film ) was made in Italy and the production designer was Luciano Spadoni.
Ken Kallaste started playing for the Estonia national under-21 football team in 2008.
Fellipe Bertoldo plays for Clube Atlético Guaçuano in Brazil.
The Batu Anam railway station is located in the Standard time zone in Malaysia.
Luciano Vella began his career in 2014 with the team Defensa y Justicia.
Keegan Rosenberry started his career in 2016 with the Philadelphia Union.
Joe Watson is a defenceman who played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Stouffville line's terminus is Lincolnville GO Station, which is located north of Lincolnville.
Alojs Andritzki, who lived in Dresden, retired in 1940.
Sowno , Koszalin County is located in the Standard Time Zone UTC + 01 : 00 is valid.
California State Route 92's terminus is Half Moon Bay, California, which is west of Los Angeles.
The Bede BD-8 is a homebuilt aircraft designed by Jim Bede.
Yana Kalinina started her career in 2016 and played for the Ukraine women's national football team.
This is a list of people from Comilla, Bangladesh.
Will Beer began his career with Sussex County Cricket Club in 2008.
Carlos Quintero began his career in June 2019 and is a member of the Ningxia Sports Lottery -- Livall Cycling Team.
Martin Boehm ( dean ) graduated from Reutlingen University with a Bachelor's degree.
Still Life with a Poem is made of oil paint and is in the Norton Simon Museum.
Goh Swee Swee is a member of the Hougang United FC team and he started his career in 2015.
TAAG Angola Airlines is located in Luanda, Angola.
Harry McNulty started playing for the Ireland national rugby sevens team in 2016.
The Forum ( American magazine ) is published in New York City, United States.
Drei Annen Hohne station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in Standard time.
Richard Lupino stars as William Brown in the film Just William.
The Nankai Main Line connects with the Wakayamako Line of Wakayamashi Station.
William Thorburn is a surgeon who works on the vertebral column.
The mayor of Valenzuela de Calatrava is Eugenio Donoso Gracia.
Ricky Garbanzo began his career in 2015 with Charleston Battery.
Colin McFarlane, who plays Gillian B. Loeb, stars in Batman Begins.
Jana Aranya is part of the Calcutta trilogy, following Seemabaddha.
Carlos Gonzalez Cruchaga was the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Talca.
Steven Pressley is a member of the Randers FC club and the coach of Carlisle United F.C.
Provincial road N763 in the Netherlands has its terminus in Oldebroek, which is located south of the city.
The 1960 Lady Wigram Trophy was won by Jack Brabham who took pole position and the fastest lap.
Carles Planas began his career in 2014 and now plays for RC Celta de Vigo.
Thorsten Heins, who was succeeded by Thorsten Heins, was the Chief Executive Officer of BlackBerry Limited, a company that discontinued its services in 2013.
Kazak, Bulgaria is located in Standard time zone UTC + 02:00.
Linus Roache, who plays Thomas Wayne in the film Batman Begins, starred in the film.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born 1948, plays for Steel Azin FC.
The Java Card OpenPlatform is an operating system developed by IBM.
Kiran Mokashi plays for the Mumbai cricket team and is a human being.
San Luis Obispo station is adjacent to Grover Beach station which is connected to the Pacific Surfliner service.
Pat Carter, a human being, played for the Arizona Cardinals.
Eduardo Arroz started his career in 2014 with Treze Futebol Clube.
Marcus Claudius Marcellus (Julio-Claudian dynasty) was born in Rome, which was part of the Roman Republic.
The architect of Kings Weston House, built in the architectural style of English Baroque, is John Vanbrugh.
Ciaran Clark started playing for the Republic of Ireland national football team in 2011.
The home ground of the Eastern Kentucky Colonels football team is Roy Kidd Stadium in the United States.
Kane County Chronicle is published in St. Charles, Illinois in the Tabloid format.
Ernando began his career in 2014 and has played for Sport Club Internacional.
Veit, David is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie about David Veit.
The Rolls-Royce Soar is a turbojet engine manufactured by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division.
Aston Villa F.C. player Gabriel Agbonlahor was a participant in the 2011-12 FA Cup.
Myongchon Station is located in the Standard time zone in North Korea.
Rita Saffioti graduated from Curtin University with a Bachelor of Business degree.
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz was born in Madrid, Spain.
Hussein Abdulghani started playing for Saudi Arabia in 1996.
The Western Bulldogs won the 2016 AFL season while Fremantle Football Club also competed.
Byglandsfjord Station, designed by the architect Paul Due, is a heritage site in Norway.
The Duel was filmed in Croatia in the United States.
Rafael Alves Targino started his career with FC Osaka in 2013.
Tom Hiddleston, who stars as Jonathan Pine, starred in The Night Manager.
Simon Peter Poh Hoon Seng is the Titular Bishop of the Diocese of Sfasferia.
NorgesGruppen is the parent organization of Bunnpris, a food retail company.
Paul Ginisty was born in Paris, France.
A Tribute to Courage, which depicts Sam Houston, was created by David Adickes.
Liezen District contains the administrative territory of Hall bei Admont whose last day was 31 December 2014.
Robert Siodmak created the character Count Alucard, whose father is Count Dracula.
Kristian Laferla is a member of the Malta national football team and his sport is human.
Anne Jeffreys was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
Elizabeth Warren, who began her campaigning for the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries on February 9, 2019, is a candidate in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries.
Eric Roberts is a character in The Dark Knight where he plays Sal Maroni.
Yeshey Dorji started his career in 2014 and is a member of Thimphu City FC.
Jim Earl is the screenwriter of The Daily Show, he began in 1990.
Paul Lake is a human being who plays for Manchester City FC.
Imran Sahib's football career began in 2008 when he played for Tampines Rovers FC.
Marcus Danielson's club is GIF Sundsvall, he began his career in 2012.
John Harris Browne started his career in Australia in 1901.
Hendrik Hansen plays for Germany in the Bundesliga.
Stefano Okaka began his career in 2014 and plays for the Italy national football team.
Ahmed Omran started playing for ENPPI SC in 2012.
Emma Ermawati, married to Budi Santoso, was a participant at the 2000 Asian Badminton Championships - Mixed doubles.
Shahar Ginanjar started his career in 2014 and plays for the Indonesia national football team.
Pavlo Savelenko is a member of the FC Avanhard Kramatorsk club. He began his career in 2016.
Jackson Willison began his career in 2014 with FC Grenoble.
Sonny Bill Williams started playing for the New Zealand national rugby union team on November 6th 2010.
The Prime Minister of Senegal is Mahammed Dionne who began his office on 6 July 2014.
Paul Allen founded the Allen Institute for Brain Science in 2003.
Edward Joseph Hanna was the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco.
Kim Hae-sook, who plays the role of Queen Inwon, starred in the film The Throne.
Abdenour Amachaibou started playing for FC Gießen in 2016.
Amit Guluzade started playing for Sumgayit FK in 2015.
Clayton Lewis ( footballer ) started playing for the New Zealand national under-20 football team in 2015.
The patron saint of Ribesalbes, which is located next to Fanzara, is Saint Christopher.
Geoffrey Ghesquière started playing for Olympique Saint-Quentin in January 2014.
Ilir Azemi started playing for the Kosovo national football team in 2014.
Terry Godwin started playing for the Carolina Panthers in 2019.
Ahmadnagar Sultanate is located in Asia and shares borders with Adil Shahi dynasty.
Bob McCulley is a player in the National Hockey League, he is human.
The European Library was discontinued December 31st 2016.
The Utah State Route 92 is connected with Interstate 15 in Lehi, Utah.
In 1984 Toshiba made the New Zealand DSJ class locomotive.
The director of photography for Light Cavalry is Werner Bohne and Vivian Gibson stars in the film.
Phil Bardsley began his career in 2010 and has represented the Scotland national football team.
Luis Ravaschino started playing for Sportivo Barracas in 1918.
Georgios Kolokoudias started playing for Apollon Limassol FC in 2015.
Frank Moniz started playing for the Kearny Scots in 1935.
Eevamari Rauhamaki's residence is in Rovaniemi, where she resided on 28 October 2012.
The character Monty Brogan is portrayed by Edward Norton, the producer of 25th Hour.
Bruce Douglas, a rugby union player, began his career in 2012 with Bristol Bears.
Gordon Medd was born in Birmingham and started playing for Birmingham City in 1946.
The Barbary Coast is an English language TV series created by Douglas Heyes.
Alacan railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone.
Karl Adolph von Basedow is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
George Galloway, a member of the Respect Party, was a candidate for the Mayoralty of London in 2016.
Pavol Grman played for FC Nitra in 2012.
Rowdy Rebel started performing in 2012 and is signed to Epic Records.
Alan Mineiro started playing for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista in 2016.
Norm Greeney was a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team and he was also a human being.
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball is based in the United States.
James McAvoy, who plays Kevin Wendell Crumb, stars in Glass (2019 film).
Josete Miranda started his career in 2015 with Getafe CF B.
The Bellanca 14-13 is an aircraft manufactured by AviaBellanca Aircraft.
RadPHP is an integrated development environment developed by Embarcadero Technologies.
Darrell Pace won the gold medal in the men's individual archery event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The Chiavari chair was designed by Giuseppe Gaetano Descalzi.
Nishiyama Station ( Fukuoka ) is adjacent to Sangamori Station, which is located towards Kurosaki Station.
Adam Baldwin, the character Jayne Cobb, is a cast member of the TV series Firefly.
The Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is the source of the description of Ernst Deger.
Samuel Timmins contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, a biographer's work.
Shuanglian metro station is located in Standard time zone of Taiwan.
Mikhail Glukhov, who plays for Russia, played for Amur Khabarovsk.
Jaouad Zairi began his career in 2015 and he plays for A.P.S. Zakynthos.
Joseph Bartholomew served as a judge on the North Dakota Supreme Court.
Leonhard Kaufmann started his career in 2015 with SV Austria Salzburg.
Manuel Battistini began his career in 2013 and plays for the San Marino national football team.
In 1975, Aris Limassol FC moved to the Tsirio Stadium.
Chris Hakius, who was once a member of Om, ended his career in 2009.
John Davies ( swimmer ) competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.
Kai Holst was a fur-bearing animal breeder.
The wine region of South West France is located in Dordogne. One of the regions is the Côtes du Marmandais.
Stevie Bonsapia started playing for the Indonesia national football team in 2013.
The scheduled service destination of Allahabad Airport is Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport which is operated by Jet Airways.
Peter Connors served as Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne.
Pedro Orozco was Titular Bishop of Temnos.
Little Nicky was born on October 17, 2004 and was a cat.
The Tempest ( 2010 film ) stars Djimon Hounsou as Caliban.
Ken Baumann, who plays Ben Boykewich in The Secret Life of the American Teenager.
Kostadin Slaev is a member of the FC Vereya club and he is an human being.
Seyfarth Shaw is a limited liability partnership whose jurisdiction is Illinois.
Cape Otway Lighthouse, located on Cape Otway, is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Mamadou Mbodj started his career in 2013 and plays for the Senegal national under 23 football team.
Jeremy Staunton is a human being who plays for London Irish.
Daru Taumua began his career in 2011 and plays for the American Samoa national football team.
Stephen Robinson served as a mission specialist 3 and was a crew member of STS-95.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) stars Mos Def, who plays the character Ford Prefect.
Cirie Fields, whose surname is Fields, lives in Norwalk, Connecticut.
The Mexican footballer, José Antonio Rodriguez, played for CD Guadalajara, where he began his career in 2011.
An Phoblacht, published in Belfast, is in Irish.
Chidozie Awaziem began his career in 2015 playing for FC Porto B.
Sergej Evljuskin started his career in 2015 and plays for the Kyrgyzstan national football team.
Dean Sylvester is a member of the National Hockey League and human.
The Sumlock ANITA calculator, manufactured by Bell Punch, is a calculator.
The main topic of Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections is the topic of Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections. The elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Petar Patev started his career in 2015 and he now plays for FC Dunav Ruse.
Eric Campbell, who began his career on May 10, 2014, plays for the New York Mets.
Edgar Snow's wife is Helen Foster Snow. He was buried at Peking University.
Maurice Tadman, known as Maurice, is a player for Lisburn Distillery FC.
Bernard Le Gall is the head of government in Mahalon where the mayor is the leader.
Luis Rogel began his career in 2012 and plays for Coquimbo Unido.
The Japan National Route 138, which is maintained by Yamanashi Prefecture, was begun in 1953.
Gilbert Rey is a member of the FC Lausanne-Sport team and is a human being.
Adam Ruud is a human being who plays for Charlotte Eagles.
Fethi Missaoui won the bronze medal in the light welterweight boxing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Mohafiz (manufactured by Heavy Industries Taxila) is a vehicle.
Tommy Kirk stars as Wilby Daniels in The Shaggy Dog ( 1959 film )'s own version of the story.
Bald Rock National Park is located in New South Wales and has the IUCN category II: National Park.
The Japan National Route 454 was started in 1993 and is maintained by Akita Prefecture.
The Dornier Delphin is a flying boat manufactured by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
Dan Tudin started playing for Ritten Sport in 2006.
Lecce railway station is located in Central European Time zone, which is Standard time.
Peter Bourke, who plays Harold Bride, starred in the film S.O.S. Titanic.
Malkajgiri railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time Zone.
Yan Naing Aung is a member of the Yangon United F.C. and he is a human being.
FC Tiraspol play in the Moldovan National Division and their home ground is the Sheriff Stadium.
Masquerade ( play ) was first performed at the Alexandrinsky Theatre in 1852.
Kelechi Iheanacho played for Manchester City FC in the 2015-16 Premier League.
Franklin Roosevelt Bueres began his career in 2012 and is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Domingo Kamonga started playing for the Namibia national rugby union team in 2004.
Anthony Daniels is the voice actor of C-3PO in Star Wars Rebels.
Texas State Highway 220 is a part of the Texas state highway system and is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Joanna Priestley graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
France Crowning Art and Industry is made of limestone and was created by Georges Diebolt.
The Kanonen, designed by Werner Stengel, is manufactured by Intamin.
The state route 92 is in Lehi, Utah and it is connected to U.S. Route 89 in Utah.
Merode station is connected to the rapid transit service and is adjacent to the Montgomery metro station.
Thilina Suranda started playing for Sri Lanka in 2007.
Gordon King played for Stanford Cardinal football and also human.
The Manchu Plain White Banner is part of the Plain White Banner which is in white.
Caozaiguo is a dish from China that contains glutinous rice.
The TruePic is an image processor manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Gabriel Iglesias, who uses the English language, provides the voice for UglyDolls.
The launching date of HMS Holland 1 was 2 October 1901.
The California State Route 20's terminus is in Fort Bragg, in the west of California.
Ryszard Prostak, who played in the EuroBasket 1981, competed in the men's basketball tournament.
The main subject of At the Center of the Storm, written in English, is the Central Intelligence Agency.
Sanborn Maps is a map collection from the United States.
Gerard Brennan lives in Sydney since 2001.
Born in Los Angeles, James Hart Stern's sourcing circumstances were Circa.
A.J. Edds is a member of the Iowa Hawkeyes football team.
Márk Jagodics started playing for the Hungary national under-21 football team in 2012.
Novoshipunovo is located in the Omsk time zone, which ended on March 27th 2016.
Badarpur Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
The Place Dalida is named after Dalida, and is shared with the rue de l'Abreuvoir.
Charles Taze Russell was born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania.
The architect of Shirburn Castle is Henry Yevele, who sourced the building materials presumably.
Vossem, Germany is located in the UTC + 01:00 standard time zone.
Aidil Zafuan started playing for the Malaysia national football team in 2007.
The Raven was published in the New-York Mirror on January 29, 1845.
Nikolaj Hust started his career in 1998 and he played for the Denmark national under 21 football team.
Jean Aberbach is a relative of Freddy Bienstock and his brother Julian Aberbach.
La Tallada d'Emporda is led by the Mayor of La Tallada d'Empordà, whose leader is Maria Dolors Guàrdia Gasull.
Dora Nelson, a 1939 film, starred Carlo Ninchi.
The Malaysian Communist Party, which was dissolved in 1987, was from Malaysia.
Larvell Blanks' position is shortstop and he played for the Cleveland Indians.
Koji Miyoshi started playing for Kawasaki Frontale in 2015.
Nilakshi de Silva plays for the Sri Lanka national cricket team and is also a human.
Ryan Perry is a human being, who played for the Washington Nationals.
Ronald MacDonald ( bishop ) is the Diocesan bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Falls.
Kirti Patel is a human being and a member of the Madhya Pradesh cricket team.
Paul Scherrer is a member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities and his doctoral adviser was Peter Debye.
Fergana is the capital of Fergana Region, which was established on October 1st, 1938.
Aminou Bouba started his career in 2013 and represented Cameroon.
Georg Samuel Dorffel, Georg Samuel, is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Michael Gothard stars in For Your Eyes Only, where he plays the character Emile Leopold Locque.
Medusa Challenger was filmed in Chicago and the original language of the film is English.
Demba Sow began his career in 2013 and plays for the Mauritania national football team.
Mapfre Stadium, which was sponsored by Mapfre, was started on March 3rd, 2015.
The Kawasaki KZ200 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine.
Patrick Modeste, who started his career in 1996, was born in Grenada.
The time zone of Nazarovka is Krasnoyarsk Time which started on 27 March 2016.
Manu Intiraymi plays Icheb in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Q2".
The Tobu Kameido Line, which is connected with the Tobu Isesaki Line, has its terminus at Hikifune Station.
Megan Barker began her career in 2019 with the Drops Cycling Team.
Gates McFadden, who plays Beverly Crusher, stars in Inheritance ( Star Trek : The Next Generation ).
Essen Zollverein Nord station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is valid in the period of daylight saving time.
Valeria Miranda began her career in 2015 and is a member of the Mexico women's national football team.
Adam Kinzinger started serving in the Illinois Air National Guard in 2003.
The Rocket Record Co. was founded by Gus Dudgeon.
Semine Station is located towards Tokyo Station and is adjacent to Umegasawa Station.
Pierre J. Thuot served as a mission specialist 1 and was a crew member of STS-62.
Christos Palaiologos is Mayor of Livadia Municipality.
Bridie Kean competed in the Women's basketball event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
The Cuban Adjustment Act was signed by Lyndon B. Johnson on 2 November 1966.
Aleksander Karapetyan won a silver medal at the 1995 World Weightlifting Championships.
The Deventer railway station is adjacent to the Olst railway station, which was closed on 15 May 1936.
Saint Lucia signed the Berne Convention on August 24, 1993.
The Studebaker Coupe Express is a truck manufactured by Studebaker.
The TSS Hibernia was a significant ship launching on 10 October 1899.
Gambling in Japan falls under the main category of Gambling in Japan.
Otto I, Duke of Bavaria was described in Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie which is about Otto von Wittelsbach, Herzog von Baiern.
Little Deuce Coupe was published in the United States on October 7th 1963.
Robert Rauschenberg created the Monogram, which is an artwork.
Alimi Ballard is the character of David Sinclair in Numbers, Arrow of Time.
Jacinto Sanz Blasco is the head of government of Villaseca de Uceda, where the mayor is also the leader.
Banjarmasin is the capital of South Kalimantan which was established in 1957.
The Carthaginian II, a ship, was made in Kiel.
The South Australian Railways East-West Stock was manufactured at the Islington Railway Workshops.
Robert Zimmermann is a painter who is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Croy is in the Jura-Nord vaudois district of Switzerland. French is the official language.
Roxann Dawson, who plays the character B'Elanna Torres, stars in Infinite Regress ( Star Trek : Voyager ).
The cast of the 1995 TV series of Pride and Prejudice included Jennifer Ehle, who played Elizabeth Bennet.
Vertigo Comics is the publisher of IZOMBIE which was created by Mike Allred.
Waldemar Cierpinski won the gold medal in the marathon at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Pompeo Mignucci was a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Acquapendente.
Tendring District Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Karen Cushman speaks English and wrote Catherine, Called Birdy.
Silvia Hindorff was a member of the Gymnastics at the 1980 Summer Olympics - Women's artistic team all-around team and won the bronze medal.
Maurice LaMarche is the character of the Brain and provides the voice for Pinky and the Brain.
Knut Holmann won the silver medal in the K-1 500 metres event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Susan Haskell, who plays the character of Natalie, stars in the film Smart House.
Sam Sunderland of Motorcycle won the 2017 Dakar Rally.
Fuente de Santa Cruz is headed by Maria Luisa Gil Pastor and is led by the Mayor.
Francisco Javier Hernandez Redero is the Mayor of Huerta in Salamanca.
Anxious Nation is written in English, and is the main subject of the book, The History of Australia.
The Lippisch Delta IV is an aircraft model designed by Alexander Lippisch.
The headquarters of the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission are located in Riverdale Park, Maryland, on the street Maryland Route 201.
Sky One is the original network of You, Me and the Apocalypse and is based in the United Kingdom.
FC Kaliakra Kavarna play their home matches at the Kavarna Stadium in the Second Professional Football League in Bulgaria.
The Great Friendship was written in 1919 and is set in the Caucasus.
Rishi Reddi was born in Hyderabad, India.
The Wild Wild West, which was filmed in Los Angeles, was distributed by Viacom between 1952 and 2006.
Ridge Route's terminus is Castaic Junction, California, a south direction.
The North Gloucestershire Combination Junior Cup is a rugby union competition.
Christine Chubbuck is the main character in Christine, a 2016 film starring Tracy Letts.
Japan National Route 302 is a limited access road that is part of the Isewangan Expressway.
The South Manitou Island Lighthouse is located on South Manitou Island, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The contested office in the European Parliament election of 2009 in Luxembourg is a Member of the European Parliament, the electoral district of which is Luxembourg.
Rosa Markmann is a Protestant and the wife of Gabriel González Videla.
Tamara Tyshkevich, a competitor in the 1956 Summer Olympics, won the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.
The Nallasopara railway station is in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Juanita Millender-McDonald is a teacher in the Los Angeles Unified School District.
The Malawi Lomwe language is spoken in Blantyre District, which is surrounded by Chiradzulu District.
Dan Hamhuis started playing in the National Hockey League in 2003.
Nippori-Toneri Liner is connected to Toden Arakawa Line at Kumanomae Station.
Promsvyazbank is an open joint-stock company in the financial services industry.
Google Map Maker was discontinued on 31 March 2017.
Marnie Hughes-Warrington graduated from Merton College Oxford with a Doctor of Philosophy.
The Bundesautobahn 62 is located in Nonnweiler, West.
Chris Romano, who plays Punchy in the TV series How I Met Your Mother, is a character in the series.
The English language miniseries Tin Man was produced by Sonar Entertainment.
Desmond Marquette is the film editor and Nicholas Musuraca is the director of photography for There Goes My Girl.
Avery Brooks, who plays the character Benjamin Sisko, stars in A Time to Stand.
Ongudaysky District is in the Krasnoyarsk time zone, which began on 27 March 2016.
The Harichavank Monastery is located in the Diocese of Shirak and is affiliated with the Armenian Apostolic Church.
John Joseph Boardman served as Auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn.
John Rooney was the Titular Bishop of the Archdiocese Sergiopolis.
Vladimir Artemov competed in the Gymnastics at the 1988 Summer Olympics - Men's artistic individual all-around and won an Olympic gold medal.
Marie Ortal Malka represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
Gerald Ford was the signatory of the Metric Conversion Act on 23 December 1975.
Felix Ehrenhaft's doctoral student was Walter Thirring, who graduated in 1949.
The Ducati 851 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.
Mourad El Mabrouk competed in the AfroBasket 2013 in the Men's basketball.
The Spirit of Eternal Repose is a sculpture created by Auguste Rodin.
Nechlin station is connected to the RE 3 line and has an adjacent station to Prenzlau railway station.
Cape Bonavista Light, made of lumber, is a provincial historic site.
Marian Buczek was the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lviv.
Mike Brkovich was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks in 1981.
David Huddleston is a character in The Big Lebowski where Jeffrey Lebowski is a character.
Scott Bakula, who plays Jonathan Archer, starred in Babel One.
The Progress Rocket Space Centre manufactured the Soyuz-U which first took flight on 18 May 1973.
The Linux Security Module Smack is released under the GNU General Public License.
The Trouble with Tribbles stars Nichelle Nichols as Uhura.
Posadowice is located in UTC + 01:00 Standard Time.
Robert Beltran plays Chakotay in the film The Chute.
Levinus Hulsius is the subject of the book Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Ann Magnuson is a cast member of Cabin Boy which was designed by Colleen Atwood.
The Berne Convention was signed on 30 July 1983 in Barbados.
Luiz Gustavo played for the TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the 2008-09 Bundesliga season.
Talgat Musabayev, who served as the flight engineer 1 on the Soyuz TM-19, was a crew member on the Soyuz TM-19.
Tiffany Hines plays the character Jaden in the TV series Nikita.
Derrick O'Connor plays Alexander Khasinau in the TV series Alias.
Dennis Weatherby, an African American, is employed at the University of Notre Dame.
The Kuleana Act of 1850 is a law that applies to Hawaii.
The Mayor of Plasenzuela is the head of government in Plasenzuela, where Francisca Iglesias Salgado is the leader.
Carlyle Mitchell played for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and was part of the team at the 2019 Copa América.
Cleopatra's Wedge is a public art work made of weathering steel.
Elizabeth Blair Lee was the discoverer of Acorn Park.
House Ordos is a fictional noble family from the Dune universe.
The director of photography for the film A River Changes Course was Kalyanee Mam. The original language of the film is Khmer.
Beihu railway station is located in Standard time in Taiwan.
Grigoriy Lvovitch Bondarevsky was born in Odessa, in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
The Concorde... Airport '79, starring Cicely Tyson, was directed by Philip H. Lathrop.
Kuromatsunai Station is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company, who also operate the Hakodate Main Line.
Chak Rakhwal railway station is located in the Indian Standard time zone.
Bernardino Pedroto is the head coach of G.D. Interclube, whose home ground is Estadio Joaquim Dinis.
Yekaterina Abramova, who competed in speed skating, won the bronze medal in the team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Johannes Burman was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The Native Hunter sculpture was created by John Quincy Adams Ward.
Carmen Ejogo, who plays Coretta Scott King, is a character in the film Selma.
The Petrovsky Stadium was opened on 26 July 1925 and has undergone significant reconstruction.
Indianapolis Colts and New Orleans Saints were the winners of Super Bowl XLIV.
Indigo is the official color of South Carolina which became the official color on 16 April 2008.
John Bokyngham was the Diocesan Bishop of Lincoln.
Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa plays the character of Satoshi Takeda in the TV series, Revenge.
F. Trubee Davison is relative to Artemus Gates, a brother-in-law.
Tom Felton, who plays Doctor Alchemy, is a character in The Flash.
Sven Authorsen, whose given name is Sven, is a partner in business or sport with Yvonne Schulz.
Ongudaysky District is in the Omsk time zone and the time ended on March 27th 2016.
Kamel Sajid, a Lieutenant General, served in the Iraqi Army.
Amanda Weir competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.
The Convair 990 Coronado is the operator of Spantax Flight 275 which was operated from Tenerife North Airport.
Lin Shaye stars in Bachelor Party Vegas, which is distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
The Autostrada A3 in Italy is maintained by Autostrade Meridionali and its terminus is in Naples.
The French language is the original language of the ONDAR Show, which was filmed at Moulin Rouge.
Pablo Chiapella, who plays Amador Rivas, is a character in La que se avecina.
Kenny Tete plays for AFC Ajax. He was part of the 2016-17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round.
Takefusa Kubo plays for the Japan national football team and was a participant at the 2019 Copa América.
Ballastny Kuryer is in the Krasnoyarsk time zone and its start date was 27 March 2016.
Peter Cehlárik started playing in the National Hockey League in 2016.
Aliy Zirkle began her residence in Alaska in 1990.
Mark de Jonge won the bronze medal in the K-1 200 metres event in canoeing at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Daimler AG is the parent organization of Car2go GmbH.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is affiliated to the University of London, which was established in 2005.
Charles Victor, who plays Claud Eustace Teal, stars in The Saint's Return.
The Mayor of Mogarraz is the head of government of Mogarraz where Maria Concepcion Hernandez Vicente is the leader.
Charles Bernstein was born in New York City, New York state.
Wincentow, Piaseczno County is located in the UTC+2:00 UTC+02:00 UTC standard time zone, which is valid during daylight saving time.
Jean Davy, who starred in Le Masque de fer, plays the character Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne, Viscount of Turenne.
Pere Tena Garriga served as an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Barcelona.
DKP Log Parser is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Johannes Voorhout is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The English language novel Grace and Frankie was created by Marta Kauffman.
The Spratly Islands are located in the UTC + 07:00 time zone, which is the same as Vietnam.
Aull, Germany is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01 : 00.
Junichi Harashima is a member of the band Sigh, which is signed to The End Records.
Juma Darwish Al Mashari was born in Oman and started his career in 2010.
Kolia Litscher's mother is Catherine Belkhodja and her brother is Jowan Le Besco.
Roy Kim plays the guitar and started performing in 2012.
Brian Hill, a human, plays in the National Hockey League.
Andres Alonso Casquero is the head of government in Cerecinos de Campos, where the mayor is the leader.
Shapingba District was started in 2004 to be twinned with Innere Stadt.
All Nippon Airways operate the Fukuoka Airport, which is the scheduled destination of Tsushima Airport.
Wanshoulu station ( Xi'an Metro ) is located next to Tonghuamen station, which is located towards Houweizhai station.
Ruth Dombey is the head of government of the London Borough of Sutton which is led by the Sutton Borough Council.
Bob Kuhn was Mayor of Glendora California.
Ponghak Station is located in the Standard Time Zone of North Korea.
The Ivory Ape starred Cindy Pickett and was distributed by the American Broadcasting Company.
José Milla y Vidaurre was born in Guatemala City, which was part of the First Mexican empire.
Tony Anselmo, who worked as an assistant animator, is the animator for Oliver & Company.
Robert Moreno is the coach of the Spain national football team, where he started his career on 19 June 2019.
Sean Paul, who featured in the song, is a performer of the song Cheap Thrills.
The Kota Bharu railway station is located in the Standard time zone in Malaysia.
Towngas China started trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on December 8, 2005.
The translator of Chhinnapatra is Tridip Suhrud who uses the English language.
The Galitzin Triptych is made of canvas, which is used as the painting surface.
Sam Carrick started playing in the National Hockey League in 2014.
The sphenopalatine foramen is a cranial conduit, and is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition).
Junta de Villalba de Losa is twinned with the city of Santa Fe in Argentina. The city was founded on November 19, 2008.
Seiran Khatlamadjian began his residence in Yerevan in 1959.
Juan Dominguez Palermo's residence was in Buenos Aires, the start of which was in 1590.
Soleil Moon Frye was born in Glendora, California.
The Wichita State Shockers women's basketball team's head coach is Keitha Adams who began her career in 2017.
The character of Gadgetmobile is played by D.L. Hughley, who starred in Inspector Gadget 2.
The Balrampur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Dmitry Malyshko won a bronze medal at the Biathlon World Championships 2019.
Shido Station is located adjacent to Orange Town Station which is located towards Tokushima Station.
Natassia Malthe, who plays Rayne in BloodRayne 2: Deliverance, is a character in BloodRayne.
Angie Harmon, who is Barbara Gordon's character, appeared in Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker.
Igor Khankeyev was born in Omsk, Soviet Union.
Ogden Point is served by the transport hub of Victoria, British Columbia and is operated by Helijet.
The scheduled service destination of Bradley International Airport is Edinburgh Airport which is operated by Norwegian Air International.
Flintholm Station is located in the Standard Time Zone, Central European Time.
The Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto, built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico, has Taranto as her home port.
Dorothy Marshall, who was a councillor in Teddington Urban District, was a councillor in the Teddington Urban District.
Valeriy Kriventsov was born in Donetsk, in the Soviet Union.
Jellyfish.com, a subsidiary of Microsoft, is in the E-commerce industry.
Jan Davis was a mission specialist 1 and was a crew member of STS-60.
Cate Campbell competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, winning an Olympic gold medal.
Jamie Gillis is a leading actor in The Story of Joanna.
Audrey Dufeu-Schubert graduated from Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 with a French masters degree.
Sokor is located in the Moscow Time Zone, and its final date was 27 March 2016.
The language spoken in Buenos Aires is South Bolivian Quechua and the city contains the Comuna 13 (Buenos Aires).
Marilyn Anderson graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Talossa has a Constitutional monarchy government and its head of state is Robert Ben Madison.
Monika Cassens is married to Claus Cassens and was a competitor at the 1966/1967 GDR Junior Badminton Championships - Women's singles.
George Nader, who starred in Sins of Jezebel, plays Jehu.
Thodu Needa stars N.T. Rama Rao who plays the character Gopi.
Ahna O'Reilly was born in Palo Alto, California.
The ARP String Synthesizer is a musical instrument model manufactured by ARP Instruments.
Little Rock, Arkansas was the capital of Arkansas from 1821 to 1832.
Herman Joseph Alerding was the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend.
Suling Wang is represented by Victoria Miro Gallery, which is based in the art gallery Victoria Miro.
The northern part of Elmore County, Idaho is the location of Idaho State Highway 167.
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra Foundation, founded in 1981, is a non-profit organization located in Tel Aviv.
Atomic Antelope is a video game developer founded in London in 2009. They are in the publishing industry.
Stephen Jay Gould graduated from Antioch College in 1963 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. The college's academic major is geology.
The tabloid newspaper, Metro Santa Cruz, was founded in 1994 and is owned by Metro Newspapers.
Eckener Point, a headland, is located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the continent of Antarctica. It is claimed by Argentina.
The Prairies and Pineywoods Wildlife Trail, which offers a view on the Sam Houston National Forest, is located in Texas, United States. The trail is a protected area.
My Hero Academia, which is written in Japanese, is published by Tong Li Publishing. It is intended for the public and is published by Star Comics, Italy.
Kotsiubynske is an enclave within Kiev, in the Kiev Oblast, in Ukraine. It is part of a list of urban-type settlements in the country by subdivision.
The Midland Railway 700 Class is operated by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane which was started in 1906. The company, who were FS 380 identity, ended their service in 1929.
The Andrew Corporation, a United States based business founded in 1937, has its headquarters in Westchester, Illinois.
The Bentley BR1 is a rotary engine for aircraft made by Humber Limited. It was designed by W.O. Bentley.
Eric Betzig won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2014, along with William E. Moerner and Stefan Hell.
Swan Valley Anglican Community School is a high school in North America. It was established in 2006 in the city of Swan Valley, Western Australia.
Sir Martin was a male horse who was born in 1906 in the United States, and was a son of Ogden.
The Thacher Montessori School is located in Massachusetts, United States. The school was founded in 1971.
The Durgapur railway station in Durgapur is operated by the Asansol railway division. The station was opened in 1855 and is located on the Bardhaman-Asansol section.
The Melbourne Hunt Club, which was founded in 1853, is located in Australia. The club's sport is fox hunting.
Disney Channel is a Romanian language television station that was launched in 2005.
The filming location of Curly Sue was Chicago. Fred Thompson and Edie McClurg star in the film. It was directed by Jeffrey L. Kimball.
The Apenheul Primate Park in the Netherlands was created in 1971. It is a zoo and a member of The Lemur Conservation Association.
Edmond and Jules de Goncourt are the authors of the Goncourt Journal, which is a diary, a creative work.
West Hallam railway station is located in the borough of Erewash, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after West Hallam.
Richwoods High School is located in Illinois, U.S.A and was established in 1957.
ETV, India, is a television channel that was started in 1995 and is owned by Ramoji Rao.
Jeongja station is located adjacent to Sunae station, which is on the Bundang Line. The station was opened on September 1st 1994 and is in the up line.
Holy Family Catholic School, Keighley, United Kingdom, was founded in 1965.
Robert Dennis is the name of Robert Dennis, a human who is involved in the sport of athletics.
Jerusalem Mill Village is a historic district in Maryland, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rags is a musical theatre piece written by Joseph Stein and lyricist Stephen Schwartz. The musical was composed by Charles Strouse.
The Talen Energy Stadium, designed by Rossetti Architects, is occupied by Bethlehem Steel FC, an association football team. The stadium was opened on 27 June 2010.
The Cessna 402 is manufactured by Cessna in the United States. It is based on the Cessna 411.
The Love Anthem is a song by Silambarasan, released on 27 December 2011 by Sony Music.
Salim Kerkar is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Charlton Athletic F.C.
The Journal of Child Language, published in English, is a scientific journal which was established in May 1974. Cambridge University Press publishes the Journal of Child Language.
KATK is a radio station in New Mexico, United States. The station was founded in 1983.
The Florida Board of Regents, established in 1965, is a university located in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.
Ben Coad is a human being who plays for Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
The Carpet Frogs are a rock and roll band from Canada who were formed in 1994.
Stow Longa is a village and civil parish in Huntingdonshire, United Kingdom.
The Crombie Street District is a historic district in Massachusetts, United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
West Fargo High School is located in West Fargo, North Dakota, United States. The school is part of the West Fargo Public Schools.
Besalampy District is located in Melaky, Madagascar. The district's capital is Besalampy.
The band Brass Monkey is a musical ensemble from England. Its member is musician John Kirkpatrick. The band is signed to the record label Topic Records.
Bill Clinton was the signatory of the Library Services and Technology Act of Congress, which forms part of the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, 1997. The Act is a United States law.
Estádio Brinco de Ouro is operated by Guarani FC who began their career on 31 May 1953.
The Embassy of Russia in Ottawa is located in Ottawa, Canada. The Embassy is operated by Russia.
Kubusia Puchatka Street, named after Winnie-the-Pooh, is located in Warsaw, Poland.
Fort Kaministiquia, which was built in 1717, is located in Ontario, Canada.
Windham Village Historic District is located in Windham, Vermont, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Alabama School of Fine Arts is located in Birmingham, Alabama, United States. It was founded in 1971 and is a high school in North America.
Fort Montgomery, located on the Hudson River, in Highlands, New York, United States, has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
The Mercyhurst Lakers men's ice hockey team is part of the Mercyhurst Lakers ice hockey program in the United States.
AECOM is the parent organization of Ellerbe Becket, an architectural firm founded in 1909 and located in Minneapolis.
Samasource is a nonprofit organization founded by Leila Janah in San Francisco.
Lindsay High School is located in Lindsay, Cooke County, Texas, United States. The Lindsay High School is part of the Lindsay Independent School District.
The Canning Highway is a road in Western Australia which was constructed in 1920.
Coniston Hall is an English country house in South Lakeland, United Kingdom. It has been designated as a Grade II* listed building.
Yana Uqhu (Oyon) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru.
Sport Club Penedense is an association football club from Brazil, founded in 1909.
Keerampara is a village in India, located in the Ernakulam district. It is a human settlement.
Sandwell Provincial Park, established in 1988, is located in the Regional District of Nanaimo, Canada.
The Dahan Institute of Technology in Xincheng, Hualien, Taiwan was established in 1977. The Dahan Institute is a college.
Three Sailors ( 1957 film ) was directed by Marc Fossard and was made in France. It stars Henri Génès and Jean Murat.
Tree Island is an island in the South China Sea, China. The island is part of the Amphitrite group.
Don Bosco College, Canlubang, Calamba, Laguna, Philippines was established in 1963 and is affiliated with the University of the Philippines.
Roland Dervishi started his career in the year 2010 with KF Elbasani, a team that was acquired by a loan.
The Cosman Family Cemetery is located in New York, United States. The cemetery has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Turner-LaRowe House is located in Virginia, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ciprian Brata started his career in 2012, and has played for SR Brasov. The SR Brasov acquisition was done via loan.
The Kiski School was founded in 1888 and is located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Deco Labels is a company that was founded in 1962 in Canada.
The East Waterford Lumber Company is located in Philadelphia, United States. The company is in the business of building railroads.
Tokyo Marble Chocolate is a film from Japan, released in January 2009. The film's genre is romance anime and manga.
Second Story Press is a publisher founded in 1988 in Toronto, Canada.
Rene Sterckx began his career in 2010 and ended his career in 2012. He played for S.V. Zulte Waregem, which was acquired via a loan.
L'Age de la traduction is a book written in French by Antoine Berman and published in 2008.
Philippine National Oil Company, a company in the petroleum industry, was founded on November 9, 1973 and is headquartered in Taguig.
Abdoul Coulibaly, whose real name is Abdoul, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for RSU F.C.
Kristiyan Kitov plays as a midfielder for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II. He is also known as Kristian. His profession is human.
Ridley Inc. is a company that is part of the Alltech group. The parent organization of Ridley Inc. is Alltech. The company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and its headquarters are located in Mankato, Minnesota.
Kangazha is a village in India, Kottayam district. It is a human settlement.
Geelong West St Peters Football Club, which is an Australian rules football club, was founded in 1878. The club is located in Australia.
The musical theatre Marie Christine was written by Michael John LaChiusa. Its music and lyrics were written by Michael John LaChiusa.
WKEX is a radio station in Virginia, in the United States. It was founded in 1969.
The Petorca River, which is part of the Petorca Basin, flows into the Pacific Ocean. It originates in Chile.
Cristina Dinu, who is known as Cristina, lives in Bucharest. She is a member of the Romania Fed Cup team and is a human being.
Infant Annihilator is a rock and pop band from Kingston upon Hull, United States. Their musical genre is Deathcore.
St. Johnsbury Academy is a boarding school in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, United States which was established in 1842.
Beyond the Axis of Truth is a television show from Singapore, broadcast by Channel 8. It was distributed by Mediacorp.
Big City Tour Live is a live album by Billy Crawford, released in 2005 and distributed by Universal Music Group.
The Internal Enemy is a book written by Alan Taylor, originally from the United States, published in 2013.
Guisborough railway station is in Guisborough, United Kingdom. It is a train station.
The Ross Tiger is a ship that is owned by the Ross Group and is used as a museum ship in the United Kingdom.
The JNR Class EF65 is an electric locomotive class operated by the Japanese National Railways. The JNR Class EF65 was manufactured by Fuji Electric.
The Crawford Art Gallery, established in 1979, is located in Cork city, Republic of Ireland. It is an art museum.
The Jasper Yeates House is located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
SHoP Architects is an architectural firm in the United States. The firm was founded in 1996 and their notable work includes the Barclays Center.
The MODUL University is located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It was established in 2016.
The 1994 All England Open Badminton Championships was won by the women's singles. The championship was held at the Arena Birmingham in Birmingham.
The United States Road Commission Airport is located in Denali Borough, Alaska. The airport serves the transport hub of Denali Borough.
Bogra Sadar Upazila is located in Bogra District, Bangladesh, the capital of which is Bogra.
Jon Heder stars in the film My Dad Is Scrooge which is distributed by MarVista Entertainment. The film originates from Canada and is shown in English.
KSGN is a radio station in California, United States. The station was founded in 1970.
The drama genre Bosundhora, originating from Bangladesh, is based on the Bengali language. Its producer is Subhash Dutta.
Bill Bourke attended the University of Melbourne, where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree and Bachelor of Laws degree. He graduated with a Master of Arts degree from the University of Melbourne.
Ridgeview Public Library is located in North Carolina, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Graduation Ridge is a ridge in the Usarp Mountains, Antarctica. The Ridge is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
KCNY is a radio station in Arkansas, United States. It was founded in 2002.
The United States Fort H.G. Wright was established in 1898 and is located in Southold, New York.
Narrabeen Man is a human skeleton found in New South Wales, Australia.
BA Systems, a networking hardware company founded in 2005, has its headquarters in Bangalore.
Milson Island is a river island located in the Hawkesbury River, New South Wales, Australia.
Alan Walker is the theologian who founded Lifeline (crisis support service) in Australia on 16 March 1963. The organization provides crisis support services.
Tom Schueller, whose given name is Tom, is a member of the Iowa Democratic Party. He is a human being who speaks English.
Tuxtla Chico is in the Chiapas region of Mexico. It is located in the municipality of Tuxtla Chico, the capital of which is Tuxtla Chico.
Hadnall is a village and civil parish in Shropshire, United Kingdom.
Inglesby, designed by Harold Desbrowe-Annear, is an architectural structure located in Victoria, Australia.
UFC 77, a mixed martial arts sporting event, was held in the United States. The event was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Iranian Volleyball Super League was founded in 1975 and is a volleyball sports festival in Iran.
The Adelphi Panthers, a University and College Sports club, represent Adelphi University in the United States.
American Women's Voluntary Services is an organization in the United States that was founded in 1940. It dissolved in 1968.
Hell Raiders, from the United States, was originally shown in English. It is distributed by American International Pictures.
Ivan Markovski, a human, plays ice hockey as a defenceman.
Colasay District is one of the districts of Peru, located in the Jaen Province, Cutervo. It is bordered by Santa Cruz District, Cutervo.
The Doraemons is a comic superhero manga series that originated in Japan. The Doraemons is a children's anime and manga series.
Interrogate are a punk rock band from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 1999.
The Xerox Classic is a golf tournament in the United States that was first played in 2005.
Bryan's Store is a commercial building in New York, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Douglas A. Boyd is a human being whose given name is Douglas. He attended Denison University and his surname is Boyd.
Boondooma Dam in Australia is located on the Boyne River (Wide Bay-Burnett) and created Lake Boondooma.
J.E.H. MacDonald created Fine Weather, Georgian Bay, a landscape painting on canvas depicting Georgian Bay.
The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness is located in the Wisconsin, United States. It is categorised as a wilderness area, with an IUCN Ib category.
The Hansung Science High School was established in 1992 in Seoul, South Korea.
Rakie Ayola, who is married to Adam Smethurst, is from Wales. She attended the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama. Rakie Ayola is a human being.
Maktar is a municipality of Tunisia, in the Siliana Governorate. Maktar is the main category of Maktar.
Pavel Lovgach played for FC Smorgon, which was acquired by a loan in 2016. He started with the club in February 2016. He ended his career in July 2016.
Kunming is the location of the Yunnan Normal University Business School which was established in 2000. The University is located in China.
St Aloysius College is a Roman Catholic school in Highgate, which is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster.
Michael Goonan, whose name is Michael, is a member of the Tipperary senior football team and a human being.
Mount Pleasant Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States, was established in June 1789.
The National Basketball League is a sports league in the Czech Republic which was established in 1993.
Takalarup is a town in Western Australia, in the Shire of Plantagenet.
Reimar Schefold worked as a Dutch ordinary professor at Leiden University, part of the Faculty of Social and Behavioural Sciences. He began his career at the university on 14 December 1988.
Lincoln Thompson is the performer of the album Experience which was released in 1979. The album is a reggae music genre.
The Outer Circle Trail (named after the Outer Circle railway line) is located in Victoria, Australia.
Traveling Vineyard is a company founded in 2001 and located in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
Tmu-na Theater is located in Tel Aviv, Israel. It was created in 1987.
Bridges Academy is a college-preparatory school in California, United States. It was established in 1994.
Jim Wiemer was drafted by Buffalo Sabres and plays defenceman for both the Peterborough Petes and New York Rangers.
The Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences (founded in 1787) is located in Pittsburgh, United States. The Dietrich School is part of the University of Pittsburgh.
The Anduki Airfield, located in Seria, Brunei, is operated by the Royal Dutch Shell. The airport is in the administrative territory of Seria.
Worcester Wanderers are a rugby union team that competed in the United Kingdom and were founded in 1871.
The English language song "It's a Long Way to Tipperary" was written by Jack Judge and performed by Billy Murray.
The United States lightship Nantucket II (WLV-613) is a museum ship in the United States. It is operated by the United States Navy.
DFDS Seaways France is a company in the business of sea transport that was founded in 2012 and is owned by DFDS. Dunkirk is the headquarters of DFDS.
The Polish Telegraphic Agency was a news agency in the Second Polish Republic. It was created in 1918 and dissolved in 1939.
Bryn Gwyn stones are a stone circle and a scheduled monument found on the Isle of Anglesey in the United Kingdom.
St Thomas School, Kalyan, Maharashtra, India, was established in 2000.
The Thale Musestieg station is a train station in Germany that was opened in 2001 and operated by DB Station&Service.
The Excelsior Rugby Club is a rugby union sports team based in New Zealand.
Borodulikha District was created on 17 January 1928 and is one of the districts of Kazakhstan. Borodulikha District is located in East Kazakhstan Region.
Edward Rhodes Carswell, whose real name is Edward, is an English speaking human who works in Atlanta.
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a Grunge and Pop music band from Copenhagen with Mette Lindberg as a member.
SUSE Linux Enterprise is a Linux distribution that is available under the GNU General Public License. It was developed by SUSE.
The Emerald Warriors RFC was founded in 2003. They are a rugby union team.
Gemma Gili is a midfielder who plays for Levante UD Femenino. She is a human being.
The novel Fleetwood was written in English by William Godwin.
The book Existential Psychotherapy was written by Irvin D Yalom and published in English in 1980.
Baseball was a sport competition at the 1981 World Games, held in the United States.
The short story "The Secret" by Arthur C. Clarke, published on August 11th 1963, is considered science fiction.
The Ramlösa Open is a golf tournament in Sweden that was first played in 1987.
Malaysia is the origin of Motor Trader Magazine which was founded in 1998. The magazine is an automobile magazine.
Isidore Mankofsky is the director of photography for Silence of the Heart. This film, which was originally shown on CBS, is in the English language.
Shaheed Bulu Stadium is located in the Noakhali District, Bangladesh and is owned by the National Sports Council.
Rishworth railway station is located in Calderdale, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Rishworth.
Commercial Street is located in London, United Kingdom, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The street connects to Hanbury Street.
Burning Fight is a cooperative game developed by SNK for the Neo Geo system.
Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is a locality of Mexico. Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is the capital of Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos Municipality.
Clinique, a company that produces lotion, was founded in New York City by Evelyn Lauder and is owned by Estée Lauder Companies.
Sonic's Rendezvous Band is a compilation album that was released in 2006. The musical genre is hard rock.
The TV series Morning Express was originally shown in Chinese and is from Singapore. It began airing in 1995.
William Giraldi wrote the book Busy Monsters which was published in 2011. It is a science fiction novel.
The Middleburg Plantation is located in the state of South Carolina in the United States. It is a plantation that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Montenegrin Second League of Women's Handball is a women's handball league in Montenegro.
Angel's Frypan is a children's anime and manga series written by Etsushi Ogawa. The main topic of the series is cooking.
The Revention Music Center is a music venue in Texas, United States, owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Veggie Pride is a food festival that began in 2001 in Paris, France.
WCHM is a radio station in the United States, located in the state of Georgia. The station was founded in 1992.
The duo, Group Home, is from New York City, United States. The genre of the duo is alternative hip hop.
Tapton House, in the United Kingdom, is an English country house that is occupied by George Stephenson. Tapton House has a Grade II* listed building designation.
The French Confession of Faith is one of the Reformed confessions of faith written in French by John Calvin and published in Paris.
The bean machine is an artificial physical object invented in 1873 by Francis Galton.
Acacia is a pop music band from the United Kingdom signed to Radar Records.
Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina is located in Halifax County, North Carolina, United States. The main category for Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina is Roanoke Rapids.
Moppy River, a tributary of the Barrington River, is located in New South Wales, Australia.
Theodoros Katsiaris played for the club Onisilos Sotira between 2008 and 2009. Onisilos Sotira was acquired via a loan.
West of Fifty Lower Falls is a waterfall in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The Roosevelt College Marikina is located in Cainta, United States and was founded in 1933. The College is a school.
Commins is a village in Denbighshire, in the United Kingdom. It is a human settlement.
The Tioga Hotel is located in California, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jet Link Holland airline was founded in 1998 in the Netherlands and dissolved in 2000.
The film Yamagola was made in India by Vauhini Studios. It stars Rao Gopal Rao, Nirmalamma.
Veliky Ustyug is in the Velikoustyugsky District, which was created in 1924 in Vologda Oblast. The district ended in January 2006.
Pyatnitskoye Cemetery (Kaluga) was founded in 1780 and is located in Kaluga, Russia.
Pinegrove Memorial Park, a cemetery established in 1962, is located in New South Wales, Australia.
The human being Robert McKew was born Robert McKew and was educated at Trinity College Dublin.
The Exploding Girl was produced in New York City, United States. The original language of the film is English. The film was distributed by Oscilloscope.
Anacalypsis is written in English and was written by Godfrey Higgins, published in 1833.
Pop Unknown is an Emo musical ensemble from the United States, signed to Deep Elm Records.
Vicky the Viking is a German speaking character created by Nippon Animation, originating from Japan. It ended on 8 April 1976.
The Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League is a ice hockey sports league that was created in 1965 and is based in Canada.
Canada Building, located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, was completed in 1913.
The Philippine Olympic Committee, founded in 1911, is the National Olympic Committee of the United States. The headquarters of the Philippine Olympic Committee are located in Pasig.
The Westover Historic District is located in Arlington County, Virginia, in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
CD Valdivia, a basketball team in Chile, was founded in 1986.
Saltwood, Shorncliffe is a historic site in Queensland, Australia. Saltwood , Shorncliffe was added to the Queensland Heritage Register.
James Michel was Vice President of Seychelles from 1 August 1996 to 16 April 2004. He was succeeded by Joseph Belmont.
The Florida Times-Union is a broadsheet newspaper published in Jacksonville, Florida. The newspaper is published in English and originates from the United States.
Canning Town station, which is connected to the Docklands Light Railway, is adjacent to East India DLR station. Canning Town station is located towards Woolwich Arsenal station and Beckton DLR station is located towards the same.
The Sand Band is an Indie folk band formed in Liverpool in 2009.
The Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College in Tosu, Saga, Japan was established in 1878.
The Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, California, United States was established in 1887.
Cuco Valoy plays the guitar and performs the genre of Son cubano. He was awarded the Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement award. His music is human.
Dhahar, or Dhahar, is a human settlement in Badhan District, Somalia.
The City of Clarence is located in Tasmania, Australia. It includes the administrative area of South Arm.
Choi Wan South is a Council Constituency in Wong Tai Sin District, China. It was created in 1999.
Portage Lakes State Park is an Ohio state park in the United States. It was established in 1949.
The Whaler's Monument is located in Sandefjord, Norway. The monument was created by Knut Steen.
The Japanese television drama series Scarlet originates from Japan and is written by Fumie Mizuhashi.
The Glassell Park Elementary School in California, United States, is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Finedon railway station is a train station in Isham, United Kingdom.
Geoffrey Thomas Barnes was educated at Dover College and is a human being. His language is English and he was the secretary for security.
The Russian State Scientific Center for Robotics and Technical Cybernetics was founded in 1965. It is located in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
K.R.C. Genk won the 1998 Belgian Cup Final which was played at King Baudouin Stadium on 16 May 1998.
Oakmere House is located in Hertsmere, United Kingdom and has a Grade II listed building designation.
Lenoir Downtown Historic District is located in Lenoir, North Carolina, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Scottish Public Pensions Agency is a government agency in the United Kingdom that was established in 1993. The agency has jurisdiction over Scotland.
Mjölby AI FF is an association football club in Sweden, that was founded in 1912.
Richard Touko is the name given to Richard Touko, a defender for the Cameroon national football team.
The ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release is an award in Australia which was introduced in 1987. The award is part of the ARIA Music Awards.
South Somerset Hydropower Group is a United Kingdom based business in the hydroelectricity industry. Its headquarters are located in South Somerset.
Kronk's New Groove is an English language comedy film made by Disneytoon Studios and distributed by InterCom.
Intentional Talk, a TV show from the United States, began April 4, 2011 on the MLB Network.
Mount Aureol is an association football club based in Sierra Leone. The club play in the Sierra Leone National Premier League.
The Mahasu Devta Temple, located in Dehradun district, India, is a monument of National Importance.
DPS International School Singapore is an international school in the country of Singapore. It was founded on 19 April 2004.
The 2001 FIBA SuproLeague Final Four was a basketball final competition that took place in France during the 2000-2001 season.
The IMG College in the United States was founded in 2007 and is a subsidiary of the parent company IMG.
Leighfield is a village and civil parish in Rutland, United Kingdom.
KFEL is a radio station in Colorado, United States. The station was founded in 1971.
The SNCF Class Y 8400 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive built by Arbel Fauvet Rail and operated by SNCF.
Int'Air Îles is an airline based in the Comoros. The airline was established in 2007 and its hub airport is Ouani airport.
St Helens Airport is operated by the Break O'Day Council and is located in Tasmania, Australia.
Bapatla Engineering College in Andhra Pradesh, India was established in 1962.
Marlboro High School is located in New York State, in the United States. The school was established in 1967.
Drummers Focus is a school founded in 1982 in Bavaria, Germany.
Pennington Railroad Station is located in Pennington, New Jersey, United States. The station is a historic train station and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Himeji Hinomoto College, located in Himeji, Japan, was founded in 1893. It is a Junior College.
Riyad Bank, a business founded in 1957, is located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
The taxon Anopina ednana was named after Edna Libby Beutenmüller. It is a species of Anopina, the parent taxon of which, is Anopina.
The economy of Lithuania, where the currency is the Lithuanian litas, is a national economy.
Gerard Clarke, also known as Gerard, is a human being who played for the Victoria cricket team.
The T.R. Kelly House is located in Utah, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The RPS Inter College, Uttar Pradesh, India, was established in 1947. It is a school.
Landsborough Highway is a road in Queensland, Australia, its terminus is Morven.
Knightdale High School is in the Wake County Public School System. It is located in Knightdale, North Carolina, United States.
Saint Petersburg State University is located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, on the Universitetskaya Embankment.
The Nha San Collective is an art museum in Hanoi, Vietnam. It was founded in 1998.
WFOB is a radio station in Ohio, United States. It was established in 1948.
DundeeWealth is a publicly traded company which was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Toronto.
Gindokhar is a village in Haryana, India. It is located at the border with Bawal.
Sarah Jezebel Deva, a member of Angtoria, is a human being whose musical genre is classical music. Sarah Jezebel Deva is a singer.
Sacha Baron Cohen won the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for Borat Sagdiyev in 2007.
Wierzeja is a village in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki. It is a human settlement.
The parish of Santa Cruz das Flores in Portugal was established in 1508 and is a freguesia.
Brighton Place is a metro station in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, that is connected to the Cincinnati Subway.
Cherry Boom is an alternative rock band from Taiwan that was signed to Universal Music Group.
Hazeldine is an alternative country band from the United States. They are signed with Glitterhouse Records.
The 1988 Taca de Portugal Final was played at Estadio Nacional on 19 June 1988. Vitoria S.C. and FC Porto were the winners of the Taca de Portugal Final.
Kenta Tanno played for V-Varen Nagasaki, a team acquired through a loan, in 2007.
The White Horse Hotel is located in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. The hotel is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Dimitris Machairas is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Levadiakos FC.
The Maturango Museum, which was established in 1975, is located in Ridgecrest, California, United States.
Francesco Zizzari started playing for Pordenone Calcio in 2003 and he finished his career in the same year. Pordenone Calcio was acquired via a loan.
Derek Hallas, whose real name is Derek, is a human being who plays as a winger for Yorkshire Carnegie.
John Brown Lake is located in the British Columbia, Canada.
The Shelden Avenue Historic District is located in Michigan, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallaorol is a human settlement in Uzbekistan, the capital of which is Gallaorol District.
The Rock City Ladies Open is a golf tournament in the United States, and is classified as a Women's Sports event.
The company Kymeta, founded by Nathan Kundtz, is a business located in Redmond, Washington. It was founded on August 21, 2012.
The New Orleans Brass are an ice hockey team that was founded in 1997 and play in the United States.
The Indian Railways own the Mulki railway station in India. The station is a train station on the Konkan Railway line.
Richard O'Kelly is a human being. He plays for Port Vale F.C. and has been a coach for Hereford United F.C. He also plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
The Afrikanisches Viertel is a neighbourhood in Berlin, Germany, that is named after Africa.
The Princes Bridge was designed by John Harry Grainger and was opened on October 4th 1888. It carries St Kilda Road, Melbourne across the Yarra River.
John Candelaria, a human being, plays for the New York Mets. He is a pitcher.
Lombardy Hall is a National Historic Landmark house located in Delaware, in the United States.
The Panachaiki Volleyball Club is a Greek volleyball team headquartered in Patras.
Bhaluka Upazila in Mymensingh District, Bangladesh was established in 1917.
Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport in Malang, Indonesia is served by Malang airport.
The Yilan Green Expo is a temporary exhibition in Su'ao, Taiwan. It was established in 2000.
Carlos Paes began his career in 2002 with F.C. Motagua. He ended his career in 2002 after being acquired via a loan.
Vibank is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, that was established in 1908.
The United States is the location of Middlesboro-Bell County airport, which was established on January 4, 1940. The airport is located in Middlesboro, Kentucky.
Tvsdesign, a business founded in 1968 in Atlanta, won the Architecture Firm Award.
Fellowship Baptist College in Kabankalan, Philippines was established in 1954. It is the school for the fellowship of Baptists.
The book The Five Nations by Rudyard Kipling was published in 1903 and is in the public domain.
CFAR-FM, a radio station in Manitoba, Canada, was established in 1937.
The Ulm Railway Society is a registered association in Germany. It was founded in 1969 and is a pressure group for the construction of the Ulm railway.
Nooddorp is a human settlement in Overschie, in the government of Rotterdam, in the Netherlands.
Nikola Rak, known as Nikola, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for HNK Gorica.
The Dagger Complex, a building in Darmstadt, Germany, was constructed in 1951.
Juan Alvacete (born Juan) is a human being who plays as a Defender for the Club Atlético Tigre.
Zagross Khodro, which is in the automotive industry, was founded in 1996 and has its headquarters in Tehran.
Kimi Djabate is the performer of Karam album which was released on the Cumbancha label in 2009.
The aerospace company, Fleet Canada, was founded in 2006 and is located in Fort Erie, Ontario.
The comic book series Monster Allergy, which is a derived work of the TV series Monster Allergy is from Italy.
The ZAS Airline of Egypt was founded in 1982 in Egypt. It was dissolved in April 1995.
The town of Interlaken, Wasatch County, Utah, United States was created on May 20, 2015.
St Newlyn East is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Luke Summerfield began his career in 2007 with A.F.C. Bournemouth, which was acquired in a loan transaction.
Jorge Alberto Vargas played for Deportivo Azogues, from 2007 to 2012.
Akaparambu is a village in India, in the Ernakulam district, which is the location of a human settlement.
Franklin House is a commercial building located in Athens, Georgia, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Justin Fargas was a member of the Denver Broncos and African American. He was the son of Antonio Fargas.
The Decay of Lying is a book written in English by Oscar Wilde, published in 1889.
The Broken Anchor is part of Nancy Drew written in English. It was published by Grosset & Dunlap. Philippe Daure is the illustrator of the book.
Alundra is a CD-ROM game for the PlayStation console developed by Matrix Software and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
Samsung R&D Institute India is a business in Bangalore, India. It was founded in 1996.
Sunlabob is a company founded in 2001 in Vientiane.
Francisco Escos, known as Francisco, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the Buffalo Stallions.
State Highway 73 is a state highway in Kerala, India. The highway is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
The film Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa was made in 2010 in the Maldives. It was directed by Ali Shifau.
Towaninny South is a locality in the Division of Mallee in Victoria, Australia.
Dragon Lord was produced in Hong Kong by Koch Media. The original language of the film is Cantonese.
The West Cheshire Association Football League, which is based in the United Kingdom, was established in 1892.
Nikos Kourellas, a human, plays as a midfielder for A.P.S. Zakynthos.
The 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship was a football qualification tournament in Brazil.
The Pedro Echevarria House is located in Boise, Idaho, US. It is a single-family detached house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Stavanger Konserthus is a concert hall in Stavanger, Norway. It was opened in 2012.
North Manchester Covered Bridge is located in Indiana, United States, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Danilo Neco's football career began in 2010 with Jeju United FC. Jeju United FC was acquired via a loan.
A Broad Bellflower is a 1987 film from North Korea. The film's original language is Korean.
Sumar, part of Qasr-e Shirin County, is in Sumar District, Iran.
Joel Salatin, whose given name is Joel, has won numerous awards, including Heinz Awards, for being a human being.
The 2012 National League Championship Series was the season of baseball. The championship series took place in the United States.
The Clement Geitner House, a building located in North Carolina, in the United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Tangarakau River is a river in Taranaki, New Zealand. It flows into the Whanganui River.
Guilherme Siqueira began his career in 2006 with S.S. Lazio. The club was acquired by a loan transaction.
The Electroputere VFU company, which was founded in 1869, is located in Paşcani, Romania. The company's main business is producing electroputere.
The Buzz of Delight is a rock and pop band from Georgia, United States. They were formed in 1983.
Strathmiglo is a village in Strathmiglo, Fife, United Kingdom.
The Northport Branch is operated by the Long Island Rail Road and is located in Huntington, New York, United States.
Albertsons Stadium is the home ground of the American Football team Boise State Broncos, which is based in the United States.
Leandro Montagud began his career in 2012 and ended his career in 2013. He has played for SD Ponferradina who were acquired via a loan.
Charles Spencer Elementary School is located in Tifton, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Tift County School District.
Ted Genoways, who is human, graduated from the University of Iowa and received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Micky Worswick, aka Micky, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Skelmersdale United FC.
Blockers is distributed by Universal Pictures, the film's star is Ike Barinholtz, the director of photography is Russ T Alsobrook and the film was edited by Stacey Schroeder.
Bishop's Castle, Glasgow, was a castle in Glasgow City, Scotland, United Kingdom. It was dissolved in 1789.
Every Eye is a romance novel written in English by Isobel English.
The Lake House is located in Waterford, Maine in the United States. The house is part of the Waterford Historic District.
Bernd Rupp plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach in Germany and speaks German in his language. He is also human.
The Minories is a museum in Colchester, United Kingdom. The Minories was established in 1956.
Laos competed in the 2006 Asian Games.
The 2014 BRD Bucharest Open is part of the 2014 WTA Tour and is organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It is held at Arenele BNR.
Michiko Hada stars in Paradise Kiss, which is a spoof of Paradise Kiss. The film was produced by Culture Convenience Club and Shodensha.
The Cahabon River originates from the Sierra de las Minas in Guatemala. It flows into the Polochic River.
Josip Golubar, a forward, is a human being. He played for NK Olimpija Ljubljana.
Chalappally is a village in India, in the Pathanamthitta district. Chalappally is a human settlement.
Rich Peverley, who attended St. Lawrence University, played centre for the Nashville Predators and Boston Bruins.
The Centro Medico Excel in Mexico was built in 2007 and was completed in 2018. The Centro Medico Excel is an architectural structure in Mexico.
The Kosovo Police was created in 1999 and is located in Pristina.
Elena Tchaikovskaia, who was married to Anatoly Chaykovsky, competed in ladies' singles. She won the Master of Sport of the USSR award and was awarded the Merited Coach of the USSR.
Bump Off Lover, a TV show from Taiwan, was originally shown in Standard Chinese and starred Angela Chang.
KKIA is a radio station in Iowa, United States. The station was founded in 1987.
The Korea Internet & Security Agency, which was established on July 23, 2009, is a government agency in South Korea. It is part of the Ministry of Science and ICT.
Dougall Media is a mass media company based in Thunder Bay, Canada.
The BRP Ang Pangulo (AT-25) is a motor yacht built by IHI Corporation in the Philippines. It is homeported in Manila.
KSCL is a radio station in Louisiana, United States, owned by the Centenary College of Louisiana.
The song Ar Hyd y Nos is from the United States and is a lullaby. Glen Campbell performed the song.
Gabriel Richard Catholic High School was founded in 1965 in Michigan, United States.
CIGN-FM is a radio station in Quebec, Canada. It was established in 2009.
The book The Saint's Second Front was written in English by Leslie Charteris and was published in the United Kingdom.
The Open University of Catalonia, which has the Biblioteca de la UOC, is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories. It was awarded the National Telecommunications Award and is a member of the European University Association.
Fury Brook Farm is a historic house located in New York, United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Grand Prix du Disque is a music award in France that was established in 1948. It is awarded by the Académie Charles Cros.
The Hatyai University in Songkhla, Thailand was established in 1997.
Kanata Theatre is a community theatre in Ontario, Canada. It was established in May 1996.
Mahindra Electric, a company in the automotive industry, was founded in 1994. The company is headquartered in Bangalore.
CommScope, a business founded in 1976 and located in Hickory, North Carolina, is traded on the Nasdaq.
Carl Schaefer is the name of Karl Schaefer, a human being.
The English language film Rebel City was produced in Kansas by Monogram Pictures. The cinematographer Ernest Miller was the director of photography.
The UIUC School of Information Sciences was established in 1893 and is located in Champaign, Illinois, United States.
The Monticello Commercial Historic District is located in Monticello, Arkansas, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mexico is the location of the headquarters of the business company Selther which was founded in 1970.
The 2004 Open Canada Cup season was the season in which Association football was played in Canada.
Walter Ardone is a human being. He is a midfielder who plays for Geylang International FC.
Grampian, Pennsylvania is located in the United States. Grampian was founded in 1805 and is a borough in Clearfield County.
Edward Gunston, born Edward, played for the Victoria cricket team and is a human being.
The band Foxboro Hot Tubs, a fusion of Garage punk and punk rock, is from the San Francisco Bay Area. The band's member is Billie Joe Armstrong.
The Ohrigstad River flows into the Blyderivierpoort Dam in Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Stephen Pangburn House is a historic house located in New York, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Spindle Geyser is located in Yellowstone National Park, Teton County, Wyoming, United States.
The Up and Coming Tour was a concert tour by Paul McCartney that began on March 28, 2010 and ended on June 10th 2011.
Shadrinsk is located in the Shadrinsky District. It was established on November 3, 1923, and ended on May 8, 1941.
The North Sydney Sewer Vent is located in New South Wales, Australia. It is listed in the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
The Young Actors Space is a drama school in Los Angeles, California, United States. It was established in 1979.
The Planet Internet Services was a business that was founded in 1998 in Houston. It ceased operations on November 15, 2010.
Jonathan Pryce is a human being who was awarded the Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He is married to Kate Fahy.
The 2015 Northampton Borough Council election was held in the United Kingdom on 7 May 2015. It was the second local election after the 2011 Northampton Borough Council election.
UFC 185, a mixed martial arts sporting event, was held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
H.R. Cox is the given name of H.R. Cox, who attended Indiana State University and became a human being.
Southchurch High School is located in Southend-on-Sea, United Kingdom and was established in 2016.
The TV series Friday Live originates from Australia and is shown on Sky News Australia. Its language is English.
The novel The Universe Versus Alex Woods, written by Gavin Extence, was published in 2013.
Sheregesh is an urban settlement in Russia which was established in 1914.
The Cayman International School was established in 1994 and is located in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.
The station at Porsgrunn, which is connected to Vestfold Line, was designed by architect Balthazar Lange. It was opened on November 24, 1882.
Carley Gracie resides in San Francisco. He was a student of Carlos Gracie and his father was Carlos Gracie. Rolls Gracie is his brother.
The Cesarians 1 is the debut album by The Cesarians, produced by Craig Leon and released in 2009.
Ismail H'Maidat began his career on January 17th 2017 at SC Olhanense. Olhanense was acquired by a loan deal.
Kamilla Rakhimova (born 28 August 2001) is a female tennis player whose career is focused on human rights.
Muhammad Ridho was a member of the ISP Purworejo team. He started his career with ISP Purworejo in 2012. The company was acquired via a loan.
The 1868 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on November 3rd 1868. The election was held in the United States where the President of the United States was a contender.
Thebes Courthouse is a courthouse in Thebes, Illinois, United States. The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marie Stopes graduated from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1904 with a doctorate in Philosophy. Her academic major is Paleobotany.
Queen's Mother Love is written in English and was penned by Brian May, with the lyrics by Freddie Mercury.
Glen Sather, a winger, played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Pittsburgh Penguins.
La Zarza de Pumareda is a municipality in the Province of Zamora, Spain. It shares a border with Aldeadávila de la Ribera.
Danascara Creek is a river in New York, United States. It flows into the Mohawk River.
James King Blisworth Football Club is an association football club from the United Kingdom that was founded in 1898.
Lockyear College is located in the state of Indiana, United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
G.K. Bharad Institute of Engineering was established in 2009 and is part of the University of Rajkot in India.
John Vear is a human being who plays for the Otago cricket team.
Timuquana Country Club is a sports venue in Florida, United States. Timuquana Country Club has a golf course.
Augsburg Park Library is a library branch in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, operated by Hennepin County Library.
The Rio Grande Valley Magic are an American football sports team based in the United States. They were founded in 2010.
The film Lady Liberty stars Sophia Loren, Danny DeVito and Suso Cecchi d'Amico. It was directed by Alfio Contini and its production designer is Suso Cecchi d'Amico.
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a scientific journal published in English by SAGE Publishing in the United States.
Ariel Kleiman wrote the screenplay for Partisan, a thriller film from Australia. The original language of the film is English.
Shaw Boulevard is a road in Mandaluyong, Pasig, Philippines.
The National Service Secretariat is a government agency in Ghana, which was established in 1973. The Ministry of Education is the parent organization of the National Service Secretariat.
Ranford Road is a road in Western Australia which was created in 1980.
Emma Lung is the name of a human being who attended Newtown High School of the Performing Arts.
Pierre-Michel Lasogga, whose real name is Pierre, plays for Hamburger SV in Germany.
Established in 1959, the Kampinos National Park is a National Park in Poland. It is classified as a National Park II by the IUCN.
In 1969, Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama awarded the Bachelor of Arts degree to Spencer Bachus.
Tony Hemmings is a human being who played as a midfielder for Rocester F.C.
Clearwater Analytics, a financial services company founded in 2004, is located in Boise, Idaho.
Ballarpur Industries is a business in India founded in 1945 and located in Gurgaon.
The Waldo Covered Bridge is a road bridge in Alabama, United States.
The 1852 United States presidential election in Missouri took place between November 1st and December 7th, 1852. Missouri was a state in the United States which was contested by the President of the United States.
The Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company is a company in the petroleum industry founded in 1968. Its headquarters are in Ashkelon.
Marianne C. Sharp is the human name for Marianne C. Sharp. She studied at the University of Utah and has the surname Sharp.
Antonio Patriota is the name of the Portuguese language speaker and awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru. He was the Foreign Minister.
Donald Portway, a human, was educated at Downing College in Cambridge. He now works at the University of Cambridge.
The Belmond Hotel das Cataratas in Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil, is operated by Belmond Limited.
Skytap is a United States based company that was founded in 2006 in Seattle. The company offers business services to customers.
Menno Willems played for FC Den Bosch from 1999 to 2000. The club was acquired by loan.
Richard Dryden is a human being who played for Exeter City FC. He is now a coach for Notts County FC.
Ralph Waldo Emerson House is located in Massachusetts, United States and was declared a National Historic Landmark.
Mellowdrone is a musical ensemble from the United States, that was formed in Los Angeles. Their genre is Lo-fi.
The Toaroha River is a river of New Zealand, which is located in West Coast, New Zealand. It flows into the Kokatahi River.
Kula Norinska is a municipality of Croatia, in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County.
Yemalur is a village in the Bangalore Urban district of India. It is located in the country and it is bordered by Marathahalli.
Drip Harder is the debut album of Lil Baby, it was produced by Frank Dukes and is signed to the record label Capitol Records.
Mike Custer, who played football as a forward, comes from the United States. He played for Memphis Americans.
Al-Wehdat refugee camp was established in 1955 in Amman, Jordan.
KTGG is a radio station in Okemos, Michigan, United States. It was established in 1985.
Blue Planet is a tabletop role-playing game written by Jeff Barber and John Harper, published in 1997.
The radio station WAGP, which is located in South Carolina, is in the United States. It was founded in 1986.
The Jetset is a pop music band with Melvyn J Taub as a member. They were formed in 1979.
Co-op High School, which was founded in 1983, is located in the United States in the state of Connecticut.
Lamplugh Inlet is a fjord and bay in Antarctica, which is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
The Statue of Harvey W. Scott is a sculpture created by Gutzon Borglum in the United States.
Lemuel B. Chase House is located in Massachusetts, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Ilijan Combined-Cycle Power Plant is located in Batangas City, Philippines. It is operated by Korea Electric Power Corporation.
The Avia B-135 is a 1942 service aircraft developed by Avia.
Angela Buxton, whose given name is Angela, is a member of the Great Britain Wightman Cup team. Angela Buxton is a human being from the United Kingdom.
Wombwell Central railway station is in Wombwell, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Wombwell.
The Institute of Business Management was established in 1995 and is located in Karachi, Pakistan.
Michael Gardawski played for VfB Stuttgart II, which was acquired through a loan transaction, starting in 2010 and ending in 2011.
Silver Sands State Park is a Connecticut state park in the United States. It was established in 1960.
Pragaash is a rock music band from Jammu and Kashmir which was formed in 2012.
Mother Joseph is the main subject of the sculpture, Mother Joseph (de Weldon), in the National Statuary Hall Collection. It was created by Felix de Weldon.
Baron Alexander von Dornberg was a member of the Schutzstaffel and was awarded the Golden Party Badge. He is a human being.
CHES-FM is a radio station in Ontario, Canada which was established in 2003.
Dom Pedro Hotels & Golf Collection is a hotel chain founded in 1968 in Lisbon, Portugal.
Renan Brito Soares played for Xerez CD, which was acquired by a loan. He started his career on 1 January 2009 and ended it on 1 January 2010.
The Australia Pacific Airports Corporation is a fixed base operator in Australia. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Gladstone Park, Victoria.
Small Press Expo is a nonprofit organization in Bethesda, Maryland, which was founded in 1994. It is a comic book convention.
Produced by Aubrey Schenck, Jungle Heat, originated in the United States. The film was made in English and distributed by United Artists.
Rose Cottage and Early Slab Hut are located in New South Wales, Australia. The cottage is listed in the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
Spirit Lake is in Kootenai County, Idaho, United States.
Crudo is an alternative rock band from the United States. The band's member is Mike Patton.
The Taketoyo Thermal Power Plant is an oil-fired power station in Taketoyo, Japan. It was established in 1966.
Himmelstalund is a park in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden. The main category is Himmelstalund.
Thrikkadavoor is a village in India, part of Kollam district. It is a Human Settlement.
Kilsyth railway station, located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom, is a train station named after Kilsyth.
The Regional League Bangkok Area Division, founded in 2009, is an association football league in Thailand.
SC Adelaide is an association football club in Ghana that was established in 1995.
The 1979 South African Professional Championship was a snooker championship that took place in South Africa.
The film Io originates from the United States and was produced by Jason Michael Berman. The film was edited by Jeff Betancourt. The film is in the English language.
The Chevelles are an alternative rock band from Australia that was formed in 1989.
Penningtons is a chain store in the retail industry located in Toronto, Canada.
Federalist No. 18 was published on March 22, 1788. It is part of The Federalist Papers, which was preceded by Federalist No. 19, which followed Federalist No. 17.
The Albury Technical College is located in New South Wales, Australia. The college has been given the Heritage Act State Heritage Register designation.
Perfidia is a song written in Spanish and performed by Nat King Cole. It was first published in 1939.
The Pugh Dungan House is a single-family detached house located in the United States in the administrative territory of Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Han Kulker, whose given name is Han, competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics. He is a human being.
Nena's debut album, Nena, was produced by Manfred Praeker in German. The album is the follow-up to Nena and was followed by 99 Luftballons.
The Mountain View Waterworks is located in Arkansas, United States. The Waterworks were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vellavu is a village in India, located in the Kannur district. It is a human settlement.
The Theological Institute of Nîmes is located in Uchaud, France. It was established in 1989 and is a seminary.
Newsplayer is a video industry company founded in October 1999 in London.
WQJQ is a radio station in Barton, Vermont, United States. It was established in 2008.
Kojonup Reserve is a protected area established in 1996 in the state of Western Australia.
The Parallel Virtual Machine, a free software program created by the University of Tennessee in 1989, is licensed under the BSD license.
St Andrews University F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom that was founded in 1887.
Eric Torkelson, whose real name is Eric, plays as a running back for the Green Bay Packers. He is also a human being.
The Canberra Knights, an ice hockey team in Australia, was established in 1981.
Nerve Radio is a radio station in Bournemouth, United Kingdom that was established in 1995.
Committee Entertainment, a business founded in 2006 in Florida, is owned by LiveStyle.
Olivia Hallinan is a human being who attended the University of Manchester.
The Fulcrum Gallery was founded in 1993 and is located in Manhattan, United States.
Triple Zero Heroes, originating in Australia, is a television show that began airing on the Seven Network on 8 February 2009.
Brooks Pond is a lake in Massachusetts, United States.
Ecua-Andino Hats are a business in Guayaquil, Ecuador which was founded in 1985.
Alexander Schlager started his career in 2015 and plays for SV Grödig who were acquired through a loan transaction.
Cat Tales Zoological Park, established in 1991, is located in Washington state, in the United States.
O Jibon Re, a film from India, was released on 15 August 2014. The film's original language is Goalpariya dialects.
The Weatherford Downtown Historic District is located in Weatherford, Texas, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The novel Eternity is written in English. The book is a sequel to Eon and is followed by Legacy. The book's main subject is time travel.
The New Sudbury Centre is a shopping mall in Ontario, Canada. It was opened in 1957.
Miss Peru 2007 was the beauty pageant edition that took place in Peru.
Anna Kravtchenko is the name of Anna Kravtchenko. Anna Kravtchenko won the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition and is a human being.
The Chapel Street Historic District is located in the city of Connecticut, United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Nokia E61, manufactured by Nokia, is a cell phone model that was succeeded by the Nokia E71. The Nokia E61 was manufactured by Nokia and it is a follow up to the Nokia 9300.
The Portage Historic District is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
David Norquist is a US Republican Party member who graduated from the University of Michigan. He served as the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense.
The Downtown Portsmouth Historic District is located in Portsmouth, Virginia, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Matan Vilnai was a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe which has an observer status. He began his career on 25 June 2007 and ended it on 21 January 2008.
The Hills Memorial Library is located in the New Hampshire, United States, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Yellow Line is a highway in Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil which was created on November 24, 1997.
The Gamble Place Historic District is located in the United States in the state of Florida. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Eggja stone is a picture stone which is part of Norse mythology. It is from Norway.
Vincentian Academy is a school in Pittsburgh, United States. The school was founded in 1932.
Vincent P de Poix (born Vincent) graduated from the United States Naval Academy and was a Vice Admiral. He was awarded the Air Medal.
The 2016 Horizon League Women's Basketball Tournament was held in the United States.
Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Darbhanga Pawan Express is a passenger train in India that is operated by the Central Railway Zone.
Robert Louis Stevenson Branch Library is located in Los Angeles. It is a historic building with the architectural style of Spanish Colonial Revival. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The book Cadillac Desert, written by Marc Reisner, originates from the United States. The book was published in 1986.
KHLW is a radio station in Tabor, Iowa, United States. The station was established in 2012.
Hequembourg House is a single-family detached home in the United States, located in the city of Florida. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Settlers of Catan is a historical fiction literary work written by Rebecca Gable, published in 2003.
Stetson University Campus Historic District, located in the United States, is in Florida. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Avanavancherry is a village in India, in the Thiruvananthapuram district. It is a human settlement.
Romario Williams began his career in February 2014 with Orlando City U-23. He finished his career in 2014. The Orlando City U-23 was acquired via a loan.
Michael Eneramo played for Espérance Sportive de Tunis between 1999 and 2010. He started his career in 2017 and ended his career in 2010.
Queens Park AFC is a New Zealand association football club which was founded in 1957.
Tomás Ribeiro (born 30 April 1999) is a football player and human.
Dizzy Nutter, a human, played baseball for the Charleston Senators and is a man.
Apollyon Sun is a rock and pop band from Switzerland. The band's musical genre is industrial metal and its members are Thomas Gabriel Fischer and Maurizio Bartolo.
Fergus Falls is located in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The city is the capital of the county.
Kirby Grindalythe is a village and a civil parish in Ryedale, in the United Kingdom.
The Malawi Adventist University was established in 1969 in Ntcheu, Malawi.
The Capt. F. Deane Duff House is in Florida, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2005 municipal election in Vancouver, Canada was won by Sam Sullivan.
WTAL is a radio station in Florida, United States. The station was founded in 1979.
Simon Hackney is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for Rochdale AFC.
Lina Galleazzi is a female painter and human.
The Philip Highway is located in Elizabeth Grove, South Australia.
AK Khan & Company (founded by Abul Kashem Khan) is a business founded in Chittagong in 1945.
Saxby Chambliss graduated from the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia, with a Bachelor of Arts degree, in 1966.
Western Grove High School is a state school in the Ozark Mountain School District in the state of Arkansas, in the United States.
The language used in Honduras is Tol and also Miskito. Honduras is a member of the UNESCO and the International Development Association.
Roggan River, Quebec is a village in Canada. It is located in or next to the Roggan River.
The Pipestem Resort State Park, established in 1963, is in West Virginia, United States.
Eric Ambler is the author of The Mask of Dimitrios, an English language adventure fiction book.
WLMB is a nonprofit organization in the United States. It was founded in 1998 as a television station.
The Sealdah railway division operates the Madhyamgram railway station which is located on the Sealdah-Bangaon line. The station was opened in 1906 and is adjacent to the New Barrackpur railway station.
The Luna Park Historic District, Charleston, West Virginia, United States, is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fredericksburg Academy is a private school in Virginia, in the United States. The school was founded in 1992.
Ellis Brigham is a brick and mortar business located in Manchester, United Kingdom.
The Art Gallery of Burlington is located in Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1978. It is an art museum.
Summit Lake State Park is located in Indiana, in the United States. The state park was established in 1988.
When Music Worlds Collide is the debut album by Hip hop artist Crooked I. It was released on July 20, 2015.
Ludgrove School, founded by Arthur Dunn, is a boarding school located in Wokingham. It was founded in 1943.
Alex Cazumba played for the Esporte Clube Juventude, which was acquired by a loan. He started his career with the club in January 2007.
The Blackburn Type D, designed by Robert Blackburn (an aviation pioneer), is manufactured by Blackburn Aircraft in the United Kingdom.
ShiftMobility, a company founded in 2013, is located in Foster City, California.
Mogral Puthur is a village in India, in the Kasaragod district. It is a human settlement.
The Council for Industry and Higher Education was founded in 1986 in London, United Kingdom. The Council is a business organisation.
Jose Asconeguy (born José) is a member of the club Nacional de Football and plays in the cycle sport. He is also human.
Tri-State Peak is a mountain in Tennessee and Kentucky, United States.
The DRG Class E 19 is an electric locomotive class with a wheel arrangement of 1Do1 and is manufactured by AEG.
Weatherford High School is located in Weatherford, Oklahoma, United States. The school is part of the Weatherford Public Schools.
The album, Long Wave, was released in 2012 and was produced by Jeff Lynne. The album is the follow up to Armchair Theatre.
Ralston High School in Nebraska, United States was established in 1954.
The W.P. Mahoney House is located in the United States in the city of Arizona. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Port Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada. It was opened in 1952.
Applied Solar, a business founded in 2005, is headquartered in Solana Beach, California, United States.
The single "Forever Starts Today" was released on 14 February 2015 and was performed by Linus Svenning.
The Sviyazhsk railway station, in Russia, is owned by the Gorky Railway. The station was opened in 1893 and is a train station.
Happy Chef is a business that was founded in Mankato, Minnesota in 1963.
Margaret Wiecek is a human mathematician who worked at Clemson University. She is also a woman.
The Templeton Common Historic District is located in Templeton, Massachusetts, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selaiyur is a neighbourhood in the city of Chennai in India. It is situated in the region of Asia.
The Rosa Parks Museum (named after Rosa Parks) is in Montgomery, Alabama, United States. It is an African-American museum.
Culatra Island, in the Atlantic Ocean, is in the Faro District of Portugal.
Blennerhassett Island is a river island in the Ohio River, West Virginia, in the United States.
The Mitsubishi Aircraft Company, founded in 1928, is a subsidiary of Mitsubishi, the parent company of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
UFC 197, a mixed martial arts sporting event, was held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Bella Vista Private School in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States was established in 2004.
Louis Bromfield is the author of Early Autumn which is a novel written in English.
Miss Plus America, a female beauty pageant in the United States, was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.
Misia's Hoshizora no Live V Just Ballade was a concert tour that began on July 7, 2009 and ended on February 14, 2010.
Global X ETFs was founded in New York City in 2008 and is a business located in that city.
Wang Burapha is a neighbourhood in Bangkok, Thailand. It is named after the Buraphaphirom Palace.
Sujina is a village and human settlement in the Panjakent District of Tajikistan.
Ihor Chuchman, whose full name is Ihor Chuchman, plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod. His country of birth is Ukraine.
The Lee Weaver House is located in the administrative territory of Arkansas, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blackburne, Edmonton, Canada, is a neighbourhood that shares borders with MacEwan, Edmonton.
Suzie Gold was produced in London and distributed by Pathé. The original language of the film is English and the director of photography was Daf Hobson.
The Bradley Braves men's basketball team is a United States based team that represents Bradley University.
The 2019 World Snooker Championship was won by Judd Trump at the Crucible Theatre. It followed the 2018 World Snooker Championship and was followed by the 2020 World Snooker Championship.
Margalit Finkelberg graduated from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1986 with a doctor of philosophy degree. The university's academic major is Classics.
The film Pixies was released in Canada in 2015. The film is written in English.
State Route 283 is a California state highway that has its terminus at U.S. Route 101 in Scotia, California.
Colegio Pestalozzi is located in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The school was created in 1934.
BCycle, a bicycle-sharing system, was founded in 2010 and is located in Waterloo, Wisconsin.
Buffalo is located in Dallas County, Missouri, United States. Buffalo is the capital of Dallas County.
Sandusky High School is a state school in Ohio, United States, part of the Sandusky City School District.
Ivan Bushko is a member of the Party of Regions and has the name Ivan Bushko. Ivan Bushko is also known as a human being.
The Crockett Springs Cottage is in Virginia, United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Atlanta Symphony Hall, constructed in Georgia, is owned by Woodruff Arts Center and is located in the United States.
Elliot Meyerowitz, from the United States, won the Balzan Prize in 2006 for Molecular Genetics.
The 2012 CSIO Schweiz season was in show jumping and took place in Switzerland.
The Toyota i-unit is a car model manufactured by Toyota which was first introduced in 2005.
The TV series All Over the Place, which was aired on CBBC, was originally from the United Kingdom. The musical score of the series is by Richie Webb.
Cross Telecom, a business in the Telecommunications Industry, was founded in 1996. Its headquarters are located in Bloomington, Minnesota.
Luowenzao railway station, located in Luowenzao, China, is on the Beijing-Baotou railway.
Dumbing Us Down is a book written by John Taylor Gatto published by Douglas & McIntyre in 1992.
Hackney Wick is located in the London Borough of Hackney, United Kingdom. The area of Hackney Wick shares borders with Hackney Marshes.
Roy Harford, born Roy, is a member of the New Zealand national cricket team. He is a human being.
Jeff Baxter, a human being, began his career in 1968. He graduated from Boston University and is signed to Warner Bros. Records.
Written in English, Tamburlaine is a play type of theatre written by Christopher Marlowe.
David O. Stewart was the husband of Nancy Floreen. He was educated at Curtis High School and his name is David Stewart.
The film Majestic Hotel Cellars is a remake of Maigret and the Hotel Majestic. It was directed by Pierre Montazel and starred Julienne Paroli and Raymond Rognoni.
Pidavoor is a village in India, Kollam district. It is a human settlement.
Pedro Liriano (born Pedro), is a human being who plays as a pitcher for the Huntsville Stars.
Julian Jakobs played for Sportfreunde Siegen from 2009 to 2013. He started his career with Sportfreunde Siegen in 2016.
The J. Bruce Hain House is located in Alabama, United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Tisco Bank, a public company, was founded in 1969 and is located in Bangkok.
Highgate United FC is an association football club based in Jamaica, that play in the National Premier League.
The Boulevard de la Zone is located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris, France, in the Gare arrondissement.
The Cross Club is a music venue in Prague, Czech Republic. It was established in 2002.
Hino Motors is a subsidiary of Toyota that produces trucks. The company is in the automotive industry and is a Kabushiki gaisha.
Tsuen Wan Government Secondary School is located in Hong Kong, China. It was established in 1961.
The Pacific Research Institute is a think tank and nonprofit organization located in San Francisco, United States.
Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His name is Jorge. He speaks Spanish and is human.
The 1936 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match that took place in Australia.
Niek Vossebelt is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Emmen.
The 1998 Insight.com Bowl, an American football bowl game, took place in the United States on December 7, 1998.
Philip Edeipo is a human being. He is a forward who played for Bayelsa United FC.
Alfonso Camorani started playing for Spezia Calcio in 2007 and finished his career in 2008. Spezia Calcio was acquired by a loan.
The Rajeev Institute of Technology in Hassan, Karnataka, India was inaugurated in 2008. It is an engineering school.
The Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue, located in New Jersey, in the United States, was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Chathedom is a human settlement in the Ernakulam district of India.
The Ladder are the musical performers of Future Miracles, a hard rock album, which was released in 2004.
Gore Mountain is located within the Adirondack Mountains in the state of New York, in the United States.
John Ward House is a National Historic Landmark located in Salem, Massachusetts, United States.
Lepsy River is a river in Kazakhstan and its mouth is in Lake Balkhash.
Time for After is an English TV series episode that was broadcast on 3 December 2017 and directed by Larry Teng.
Vytautas Valius was awarded the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts. His given name is Vytautas Valius, he graduated from Vilnius Academy of Arts and is a human being.
Constable Hall is a historic house in New York, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallery Int Fashion Fair, a business located in Copenhagen, Denmark, was founded in 2005.
The Burning Spear Society is an honor society founded in 1993 in Tallahassee, Florida in the United States.
Zhingyalov hats, made with herbs, are part of the Armenian cuisine and originate from the Republic of Artsakh.
Mahmoud Abbas is a Sunni Islamist. He was President of the State of Palestine and his wife is Amina Abbas. Yasser Abbas is his child.
Acta Biotheoretica is a scientific journal that was established in 1935. It is published by Springer Science + Business Media in English.
The Fort du Mengant, Plouzane, France is a monument historique classe.
The Westmorland Institution in Canada is operated by the Correctional Service of Canada. It was established in 1962 as a prison.
The ship MY Ady Gil, which is made from composite material, is from the United States. The ship is named after Ady Gil.
Edna Boies Hopkins, born Edna Boies, graduated from Pratt Institute and is the human being behind the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Hilliard is a town in Nassau County, Florida, in the United States.
William Westcott House is located in the U.S. in Florida. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Erriseask House, a restaurant in Republic of Ireland, was established in 1989. It was awarded one Michelin star.
The KiHa 283 series, a diesel multiple unit, is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company. It is a class of locomotive manufactured by Subaru Corporation.
The Rajarshi Memorial Higher Secondary School was established in 1942 in the Thrissur district of India.
The English language film Flynn, produced by Frank Howson and distributed by Boulevard Films, originates from Australia.
1966 World Figure Skating Championships, organized by the International Skating Union, took place between 22 and 27 February 1966. The competition class was senior.
Juan Andres Larré, known as Juan, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the Club Nacional de Football.
Billings Wolves, a sports team in the United States, play American football and were founded in 2014.
Chamblee is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States.
The Feusier Octagon House is a single-family detached house in San Francisco, California, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Yanbu University College is located in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia. It was established in 2005.
The Bank of Communications Building is a multi-storey urban building located on The Bund in Shanghai, China.
The mountain Backlundtoppen is located in Svalbard, Norway. It is named after Oskar Backlund.
Eramalloor is a village in India, in the Alappuzha district, which is home to a human settlement.
Ardrossan Winton Pier railway station is located in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom. The station is a train station.
The New York Korean Film Festival is located in New York City, United States. It was founded in 2001.
Ambachew Mekonnen was the Industry Minister of Ethiopia, beginning on 19 April 2018 and ending on 22 October 2018.
Gareth White is a human being who plays for Cumberland County Cricket Club.
Luca Caputi, who is human, played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Niagara IceDogs in the National Hockey League.
Antler Lake is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada, located in Strathcona County.
Teenage Retirement is the English language album by Chumped, released in 2014.
All About She is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 2010 and is based in London.
The 2000 Asian Speed Skating Championships were held in Mongolia. The championships are in the sport of Long track speed skating.
Reedy Creek Dam, a reservoir located in Queensland, Australia.
The Bates Battlefield is located in Hot Springs County, Wyoming, United States. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Newmachar railway station is a train station in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
The Trauma journal is a scientific journal covering emergency medicine. It is published by SAGE Publishing in English.
Big Trout Lake Airport is operated by the Government of Ontario, Canada.
The Point Lookout Archaeological Site is located in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Baruj Benacerraf won the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine along with Jean Dausset and George Davis Snell.
St. Charles Catholic High School (Laplace, Louisiana, United States) was established in 1948.
Dennis Sommers, whose surname is Dennis, is a human and a member of the Victoria Giants.
The 1932 Democratic National Convention was held in Chicago Stadium, United States.
Keith Hamilton Cobb, born Keith Hamilton Cobb, graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts and has won the Soap Opera Digest Awards for his work on the TV series Human.
The Higher Institute of Technology of Ivory Coast was established in 2007 and is an academic institution located in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Dundowran is a locality in the Electoral district of Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.
NEC Solution Innovators is a company in Japan which was founded in 1975. The company is located in Tokyo.
Chavara Thekkumbhagom is a human settlement in Kollam district, India.
The band Motivation was formed in Manchester. Steve Garvey is a member of the band. The band's genre is rock music and the band's music is rock and pop music.
Cameron Morra was born on 20 September 1999. She is a female tennis player and human being.
O.P. Nayyar is the composer of the film Qaidi which was released in 1957. The film originates from India.
Philip Hanawalt is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He is the father of Lisa Hanawalt. Jonathan Eisen was a doctoral student of Philip Hanawalt, who is a human being.
The Nation Review is a sunday newspaper published in Australia. It was founded in 1970 and dissolved in 1981.
The South Patten River, which has a drainage basin in the James Bay Basin, is located in Canada. It flows into the Patten River.
Kellan Lutz stars in the family film A Warrior's Heart. It originates from the United States and is written in English.
KHKA is a radio station in Hawaii, United States. It was founded in 1963.
The 2014 Russell Athletic Bowl, a bowl game involving American football, was played in the United States on January 1, 2014.
The Santa Fe 2913, with a 4-8-4 wheel arrangement, is from the United States. It is made by the Baldwin Locomotive Works and is located at Fort Madison, Iowa.
Indonesia Warriors is a basketball team that was founded in 2011. Their home arena is The BritAma Arena.
The Cosmopolitan Dock is a shipyard in Hong Kong, China.
Mount Cobbler is a mountain in Victoria, Australia. It is part of the Great Dividing Range.
TuS Metzingen is a sports club in Germany that was founded in 1861 and is active in Handball.
The Sophia Mundi Steiner School is a high school in Victoria, Australia. The school was established in 1985.
Mattia Montini began his career on 15 September 2014 and finished his career in 2015. He played for the club S.S. Arezzo who were acquired by a loan.
Sunfish Pond is a glacial lake in New Jersey, United States.
The Battle of Philippeville, which took place in Skikda on 20 August 1955, was part of the Algerian War.
The National Accreditation Board of Ghana was established in 1993. It is a government agency that has the Ministry of Education as its parent organization.
Hurley Burley was born in 1895 in the United States. She was a female Thoroughbred racehorse.
Swan Lake is located in South Dakota, in the United States.
Bremner Historic Mining District is located in the administrative area of Alaska, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Year of the Underdogz is an album by Young Noble, which is part of the Hip Hop genre. It was released in 2013.
Philippe Poissonnier is a member of the Safir cycling team. He is a human being and a competitor in the sport of cycle sport.
The Century Company is a publisher based in New York City, United States. It was founded in 1881.
The play Autobahn was written by Neil LaBute in English and published in 2003.
The Femina Miss India Bangalore 2013 was the third edition of Femina Miss India Bangalore which is a beauty pageant in India.
Asmaradana is a television show from Malaysia that began on March 9th 2010 and ended on May 4th 2010.
Smolenskaya Mountain is a mountain of the Petermann Ranges, Antarctica, in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Sunshine Records is a record label in Australia that was founded in 1964 by Ivan Dayman.
The Chicago Night Express is a passenger train operated by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Its start point is Wheeling station (West Virginia) and it goes via Newark, Ohio.
Tai Po District Council is a district council in Hong Kong, China. Tai Po District Council has Tai Po District councilor as one of its members.
Younger Hall in Fife, United Kingdom is a music venue which was established in 1929.
Furdjel Narsingh played for SC Telstar, which was acquired by a loan in 2011. He played for SC Telstar from 2009 to 2011.
Rubicon Global is a privately held company that is in the waste management industry and headquartered in Atlanta Plaza.
Graceland is a novel by Bethan Roberts that was published in 2019. The book is about Elvis Presley.
The Missouri Athletic Club Building, designed by William B. Ittner, is located in the United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dennis Raetz is a human being who played football for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.
The Elite Towers is a high-rise building located in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It was designed by the architectural firm P&T Group.
Old Colorado City is a historic district in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2000 Mobile Alabama Bowl was an American football bowl game played in the United States.
Grasshopper Club Zurich is the team that Andres Vasquez played for. He began his career in 2011 and finished his career in 2011. The club was acquired via a loan.
Yerevan State Circus is the name given to the Yerevan Circus in Armenia. The Yerevan State Circus is located in the Kentron district of Armenia.
The Ottawa Technical Secondary School is located in Ontario, Canada. It was established in 1973 and is a high school in North America.
The tabloid newspaper Pique Newsmagazine is from Canada and was established on November 25, 1994.
Acobamba District, Acobamba, Peru is located in the Acobamba Province, the capital of which is Acobamba.
The Isaac Bargen House is located in Mountain Lake, Minnesota, United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall that was opened in 2004 in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
Tim Duncan's NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award has been won in 1999, 2003, 2005.
Godfather's Pizza is a pizzeria chain founded in 1973 in Omaha, Nebraska.
The Science Gallery is a science center in Trinity College Dublin, Republic of Ireland. It was created on 1 February 2008.
Josh Hare is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Gillingham F.C.
Block Mountain is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta, Canada.
The Rose is a soundtrack album for the TV series The Rose, released in 2003, with a Mandopop genre. The album was released by HIM International Music.
The Union Tour was a concert tour by Elton John which began October 19th 2010 and ended on November 21st 2010.
Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love was produced in the Philippines and distributed by Regal Entertainment. The cast includes J.C. de Vera and Boots Anson-Roa.
WUPZ is a radio station in Michigan, United States which was founded in 1985.
Abdoulaye Coulibaly, born in 1988, played for AS Saint-Étienne, starting in January 2006 and ending in January 2013.
The band The Ruse is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, United States.
The Madison County Courthouse in Florida, United States, was completed in 1913.
Basia A'Hern starred in Double Trouble, an Australian TV series which was broadcast on the Nine Network. The series began on 23 August 2008 and ended on 22 November 2008.
The MV Akdeniz is a ship from Turkey, built by AG Weser and has Istanbul as its home port.
Andrew Weisel House, located in Illinois, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2014 UST Growling Tigers men's basketball team represented the Philippines in the 2014 basketball season.
River Valley High School, located in the U.S. in Arizona, is part of the Colorado River Union High School District. River Valley High School is a state school.
The Charles Lovejoy House, located in Massachusetts, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The HMS Berwick (F115) is a ship built by Harland and Wolff in the United Kingdom for the Royal Navy.
Little Wonders is from the United States and was released by Atlantic Records. It followed Streetcorner Symphony and was followed by her Diamonds.
The Wright State Raiders men's basketball team is based at the Nutter Center in the United States.
Hartmann the Anarchist is a science fiction novel written in English by Edward Douglas Fawcett.
KSAZ-TV, which was established in 1953, is a television station located in Arizona, United States.
Abdulfattah Adam plays for Al Taawoun FC as a forward and plays for Saudi Arabia. Adam is a human being.
Lake in the Hills Airport was established on January 7, 1958 and is located in Illinois, United States.
Northern Hearts AFC is an association football club in New Zealand. They were founded in 1947.
UFC 99 is a mixed martial arts sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Sun Set is the progressive rock album by the band Klaatu, released in 2005.
The headquarters of Radio ffn are in Hanover, Germany. The radio station was founded in 1986.
Salusa Secundus is a fictional planet from the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.
The band Rubicon is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom, their genre is gothic rock. They are signed to Atlantic Records.
The Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum was established on 27 September 2008 and is located in Sunnyvale, California, United States.
Sankat Mochan Mahabali Hanumaan is a Hindi TV series that originates from India and was broadcast by Sony Entertainment Television.
The 2016 World Rugby Americas Pacific Challenge was the season of rugby union in Uruguay.
Botswana National Broadcasting Board, whose headquarters is in Gaborone, was established in 2000. It is a government agency whose parent organization is Botswana Telecommunications Authority.
Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills, Alberta, Canada, is one of the provincial electoral districts, created in 1979.
The film The Wake originates from Greece and is a drama in film and television. The screenwriter is Nikos Panayotopoulos and the language is Greek.
Fredericktown High School is a state school in Ohio, United States. It is a high school in North America.
The San Francisco Symphony Chorus is a symphonic choir which was founded in 1972 in San Francisco, United States.
The Three Rivers Xplosion, a sports team in the United States, was founded in 2011. They play American football.
Iver C. Ranum High School was established in 1961 and is located in the city of Colorado, United States.
The United States based FC Frederick is an association football team playing in the National Premier Soccer League.
Arrowhead Library System is located in Edgerton, Wisconsin, United States.
South Humber Bank Power Station, located in England, UK, is owned by EP Power Europe. The South Humber Bank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station.
Phalombe is the capital of Phalombe District, the city of which is located in Malawi.
The company Full House Resorts was founded in 1987 and is based in Spring Valley, Nevada. Nasdaq is their stock exchange.
Orphans & Vandals is a rock and pop band from London, United Kingdom. Their musical genre is alternative rock.
Emiliano Tarana began his career in 1999 and ended his career in 2000. He plays for S.S. Arezzo which was acquired by a loan.
Titavi FC was an association football club that was founded in 2000. Their home ground is the National Soccer Stadium (Samoa).
The World e-Sports Games, created in 2004, is a sports league in South Korea for Microsoft Windows.
The Sugiyama Jogakuen University Junior College was established in 1969 and is located in Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Japan.
William VanDeSteeg is a human being who plays as a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens.
Philips Stadion, whose name is Philips, is operated by PSV Eindhoven. PSV Eindhoven play association football at the Stadion.
Mountainland Technical College, located in the state of Utah, is a public educational institution in the United States. It was founded in 1989.
Red Bluff Municipal Airport was established on 4 January 1948. It is located in Tehama County, California, United States.
Gerald B. Greenberg edited the film The French Connection. It is based on the book The French Connection by Robin Moore and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in India is the owner of National Highway 561 which is a road in India.
Tomoki Muramatsu began his career in 2014 with Honda FC. Honda FC was acquired via a loan.
The organization Freedom Now, founded by Jared Genser, is located in Washington D.C.
Luv FM is a radio station in Ghana that uses the English language. The radio station is owned by the Multimedia Group Limited.
Kelly Gough studied at Trinity College Dublin and is a human being. He is the sister of Denise Gough.
Pop music is the genre of The Chipettes, a fictional character from the United States. They are signed to Liberty Records.
Martina Hingis won the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award in 1998, 2000 and 2001.
Smartwings is owned by Roman Vik and is located in Prague. The airline has the hub at Václav Havel Airport Prague.
The Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor was established in 1986 and is located in Massachusetts, United States.
The Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University in Lucknow, India was established in 1996.
The Belarusian Nature and Environment Museum was established on July 25, 1983 in Minsk, Belarus.
Stephen Frail is a human being, who plays as a midfielder for Heart of Midlothian FC.
Western Wolves FC is an association football club based in Australia which was formed in 2008.
Diane L. Evans graduated from Occidental College in 1976 with a Bachelor's degree in Geology.
Madison Township, St. Joseph County, Indiana is in the United States. Madison Township is located in Indiana and has a border with Penn Township, St. Joseph County.
Acadian House Museum was established in 1997 in the city of Nova Scotia, Canada.
Pop Skull, from the United States, was produced by Lane Hughes and Peter Katz. Adam Wingard was the director of photography.
ArGo Airways was founded in Greece in 2009 and has the hub at Nea Anchialos National Airport.
The Martin Berry House is located in New Jersey, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rockford Lutheran High School was established in 1964 in Rockford, Illinois, United States.
The Eblen Center is an arena in Tennessee, United States, where the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles women's basketball team is based.
The Imperial College of Engineering in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan is a historic site. It is an educational complex.
Jorge Nogueira, known as Bura Nogueira, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Clube Oriental de Lisboa.
Timothy Braun is the name of Timothy (given name), who graduated from Columbia University School of the Arts. Timothy Braun is a human being.
The New Zealand cricket team toured England in 1937. This was the season that the New Zealand cricket team played.
Carrian Group, a Hong Kong based business, was founded in 1977 and dissolved in 1983.
The song "Papa Loves Mambo" was originally recorded by Perry Como and was released in 1954 on the RCA Records label.
PeoplesChoice Credit Union, a United States business founded in 1963, is located in Biddeford, Maine.
Daudnagar is a village in India in the Aurangabad district of Bihar. It is a human settlement.
The Living Soil (written by Lady Eve Balfour) was published in 1943 by Faber and Faber.
East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania is located in the United States and is next to Tohickon Creek.
Mill Creek Falls is a waterfall in Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint, in the United States.
Artus Wolffort was the father of Jan Baptist Wolfaerts, who is the artist who created the notable work Pastoral scene with a flute player. Jan Baptist Wolfaerts is from Antwerp, Italy.
Ben Mink and K.d. lang are the composers of Constant Craving, a song in English. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
The winner of Miss America 1952, the United States beauty pageant, was Colleen Kay Hutchins.
Judi Patton is a human being who graduated from the University of Pikeville. She was awarded the Kentucky Women Remembered award.
The Royal Porthcawl Golf Club is located in the United Kingdom and is a golf course.
Percy Greene is the name of the person who studied at Jackson State University. His surname is Greene and he is a human being.
Quta K'uchu is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It is located in the La Paz Department.
Six Blanc is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland and is located in the canton of Valais.
KXXN, a radio station in Texas, United States, was launched in 2012.
Dr. Terror's Gallery of Horrors is a horror film from the United States, starring Rochelle Hudson in the original English language.
Lyons is a locality in Logan City, Queensland, Australia.
Sassafras Mountain is located in the Blue Ridge Mountains in South Carolina in the United States.
Kennard High School is located in Kennard, Texas, United States. The school is part of the Kennard Independent School District.
Dariel Albo is a middle blocker for the Cuba men's national volleyball team. He is also known as a human being.
Maysville Downtown Historic District is located in Maysville, Kentucky, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
ES Ouargla is an association football club in Algeria. They were founded in 2009.
The Hy-Vee Triathlon is a triathlon that was created in the United States in 2007.
Thorne Colliery F.C. is an association football club in the Central Midlands Football League based in the United Kingdom.
Hartington railway station is located in Hartington, Derbyshire Dales, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Hartington , Derbyshire.
Patrick N'Tolla played for Rodez AF, which was acquired via a loan in 2011. He started with Rodez AF in 2010 and finished his career in 2011.
Jorge Wilmot, also known as Jorge Wilmot, is a human being who has won the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in Mexico. Jorge Wilmot is a Spanish speaker.
The Government Law College, Kozhikode, India, is part of the University. It was established in 1970.
Trevor Parkes is a human being, whose given name is Trevor. He plays for the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Gob Squad is a performing arts artist collective located in Berlin, Germany.
KHCA is a radio station which was established in 1990 in Kansas, United States.
Annada Shankar Ray graduated from Patna University in 1925 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. English is the academic major of the University.
Petrit Hoxhaj, known as Petrit, is a member of WKE and is a midfielder. He is a human being.
Louis Alexis Desmichels, who was a Lieutenant General, was a Frenchman who was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Yeah (also known as Yeah) was produced by Def Leppard and is written in English. The album was released by Mercury Records.
The Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart is a high school in the United States located in Miami-Dade County, Florida. The school was founded in 1961.
Johnny Cash recorded the song "Don't Make Me Go" in 1957 for Sun Records.
Kristin Fortune is a human being who competed in ice dance with Dennis Sveum.
The Cardigan Lifeboat Station is in Ceredigion, United Kingdom. It is owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
The Peterborough Collegiate is a high school in Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1827.
Houssem Louati (born Houssem) is a midfielder who plays for CS Sfaxien and is a human being.
Why I Live at the P.O. is a short story by Eudora Welty that was published in 1941.
Arauco Department is located in La Rioja Province, Argentina. Its capital is Aimogasta.
Susan Glasser, known as Susan, is a human being. Susan Glasser is married to the journalist Peter Baker.
John M. Beasley House is located in Whitfield, Manatee County, Florida, United States. It is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John Brown Watson Memorial Library Building is located in the city of Arkansas, United States. The library building is a historic structure that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Italian speaking Italy is the origin of The Peaceful Age. It stars O.E. Hasse and Isa Danieli.
The Sheepscot River, with its tributary Dyer River, is located in the United States and flows into the Gulf of Maine.
The De Baca County Courthouse in New Mexico, United States, is in the Georgian architectural style.
Se Fonto Kokkino is a soap opera television series from Cyprus. The series uses the Greek language.
Bradley Rangers FC was an association football club from the United Kingdom, they were dissolved in 1992.
The Nine Network is the original network of Australia's Naughtiest Home Videos. The series is based in Sydney and is shown in English.
Horst Hamm was the commander of German submarine U-562 which began service on 4 September 1941 and ended on 19 February 1943. Horst Hamm was succeeded by Herwig Collmann.
The English language film Call Me Mame was originally filmed in the United Kingdom. It was produced by Irving Asher and directed by Basil Emmott.
Aldo Paniagua played for 12 de Octubre Football Club which was acquired by a loan in 2009. He started his career on 1 January 2008 and ended it on 1 January 2009.
The Butterfly stop is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. The stop was opened on 18 September 1988 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
OutQ is an English speaking radio station which was launched in 2003. It is owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
The 2001 Canoe Sprint European Championships were canoeing and kayaking championships. The championships were held in Italy during the 2001 canoe sprint season.
York Gate, London, United Kingdom is located in the City of Westminster. The street is connected to York Terrace East.
Didier Manaud is a human being who competed in Pair Skating with Sylvie Vaquero.
Encinillas is a municipality in the province of Segovia in Spain. Encinillas is a municipality that shares its border with Cantimpalos.
Pankaj Pachauri is a member of the Indian National Congress. His name is Pankaj and he attended St. John's College, Agra. He is a human being.
Archery at the 2014 South American Games was held in Chile. Archery is a sport competition at a multi-sport event.
The Newberry College Historic District is located in Newberry, South Carolina, in the United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Omer Arbel, who was born in Vancouver, studied at the University of Waterloo and is a human being.
Harbin Engineering University, Harbin, Harbin, China, was founded in 1953.
The Cruz del Sur pipeline, a natural gas pipeline in Uruguay, was inaugurated in 2002. It comes from Argentina.
Jubilee Trail is an English language historical novel written by Gwen Bristow.
Oniel Cousins is a human being who plays as a guard for the Cleveland Browns and the Baltimore Ravens.
Aleksandr Ivchenko was born in Omsk, in Omsk Oblast, in the Soviet Union. Omsk is located in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
The Quest for Saint Camber is written in English and was published by Ballantine Books. The book is the sequel to The King's Justice and was followed by King Kelson's Bride.
The Brandsbutt Stone is a Pictish stone that is located in Aberdeenshire, UK. It is a scheduled monument.
Terry Cochrane, known as Terry, is a human being. He plays as a midfielder and is a member of the Gillingham F.C.
Boullanger Island, named after Charles-Pierre Boullanger, is located in the state of Western Australia.
St Mary's School, Cambridge, which is located in Cambridge, was established in 1924. It is a Roman Catholic girls school.
Suzanne Levine is a female given name and a human being.
The 1981 AIAW National Division I Basketball Championship was held in the United States and is classified as Women's basketball.
Kevin van Essen, a human being, is a midfielder for the SV Argon club.
Armadale Academy, West Lothian, is a secondary school in the United Kingdom which was established in 1969.
The Nepal Volleyball Association is the sports governing body of the country of Nepal. The headquarters of the Association are in Kathmandu.
The Icicle Thief was written in Milan, Italy. It was awarded the Golden George and Renato Scarpa was a cast member.
La Mierla is located in the province of Guadalajara, Spain. It is a municipality which shares its border with Puebla de Valles.
Twin City Liner, owned by Wien Holding, is a ship named after Twin City, entered service in 2006.
Marble Arch tube station is located in the vicinity of Lancaster Gate tube station, which is on the London Underground Central line. Lancaster Gate is a station on the Underground line and is located towards West Ruislip station and Ealing Broadway station.
Samuel Henley is a human in the National Hockey League. He played for the San Antonio Rampage.
Edward Sweet-Escott, born Edward, is a cricketer from the United Kingdom. His sport is human cricket.
The Facel Vega FVS is a luxury car model manufactured by Facel Vega. The Facel Vega FVS was succeeded by the Facel Vega FVS.
The International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms is a scientific journal published in English by Begell House. It originates from the United States.
The 1990 Sugar Bowl, an American football bowl game, was played in the United States.
Stefan Markolf, who started his career in 2002, played for KSV Baunatal, a team he played for from 2010 to 2004.
Prairiland High School is located in Pattonville, Texas in the United States. The School is part of the Prairiland Independent School District.
Bill Fulcher, whose real name is Bill, is a human being. He played linebacker for the Washington Redskins.
Danilo Dias played for Bandeirante Esporte Clube, he started his career in 2006 and retired in 2006. The Bandeirante Esporte Clube was acquired via a loan.
Kenton Theatre is a theater in Henley-on-Thames, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1805.
Pritam Rani Siwach, who won the Arjuna Award, is an India national who competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games and the 2002 Asian Games.
The Bank of Guatemala is the central bank of Guatemala and was established on 11 December 1945. The bank headquarters are located in Guatemala City.
The Teatro Verdi is a theater in Florence, Italy. The name of the theater is Giuseppe Verdi.
Jeanette Dousdebes Rubio, married to Marco Rubio, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The Offshore Reefs Archeological District is located in the administrative territory of Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The book "The End of Nature" was written by Bill McKibben. It was published by Random House in 1989.
VitaPerk, a limited liability company founded in 2010, is located in Birmingham, Michigan.
The Armstrong Group of Companies, founded in 1946, is located in Butler, Pennsylvania. The company is in the telecommunications industry.
RTS Svet is a Serbian television channel that was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Belgrade.
Tarrant Launceston is a village and civil parish in North Dorset, in the United Kingdom.
Khabarovsk, Khabarovsk (in Khabarovsk Krai) is in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, in the Soviet Union. Gleb Klimenko was born in Khabarovsk.
Glintshake is a Moscow based Garage rock musical ensemble that was formed in 2012.
Highpoint, originating in Canada, is written in English. Maury Chaykin, Christopher Plummer and other cast members are featured.
Doug Camilli, also known as Doug the Human, played catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Jason Gummer, a human, plays as a midfielder for Cardiff City FC.
Shenton Way MRT station is a part of the mass rapid transit system in Singapore. It is operated by SMRT Trains. Shenton Way MRT station is 2021 opened and it is located next to the Marina Bay MRT station.
The Woolley River is a river in New Zealand, it is located in West Coast, New Zealand. It flows into the Maruia River.
Skyrattler is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada that is bordered by Twin Brooks.
The Donohue Highway is a road in Queensland, Australia, and the Northern Territory.
The 1999 National League Championship Series was held in the United States and was part of the baseball season.
Newsweb Corporation is a United States based organization founded in 1971 and headquartered in Chicago.
Wallace High School in Lisburn, England, United Kingdom was founded by Sir Richard Wallace, 1st Baronet, in 1880. The school is a grammar school.
The 2011 Balearic regional election was held on 22 May 2011 in Spain to elect the Member of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands.
BAZAN Group is a public company in the petroleum industry. Its headquarters are located in Haifa, and its parent organization is Israel Corporation.
Leopoldowo is a human settlement in Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo.
The main category of the economy of Niue is Economy of Niue which is located in Niue.
Damir Glavan is a human and a water polo player.
The building Nyhavn 51 was constructed in 1766 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
KERP is a radio station in Kansas, United States. It was founded in 2003.
The Cato House is located in Eufaula, Alabama, United States. The Cato House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Oracle Tower, Bucharest, Romania, is a building that was completed in 2005.
The Kenridge is a building in Virginia, United States which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes originates from Japan, is produced by Shin-Ei Animation and distributed by Lucky Red Distribuzione. The original language of the film is Japanese.
Nikolay Vasilev (born Nikolay Vasilev) is a member of the National Movement for Stability and Progress Party. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Bulgaria. Nikolay Vasilev is a human being.
Cape Henry is a headland in Virginia, United States, located in the Atlantic Ocean.
The H&E Paramotores Ziklon, a sub-class of Paramotor, is an aircraft model manufactured by H&E Paramotores in Spain.
The Jasikan College of Education was established in 1952 and is located in Ghana. It is a teacher training college where the English language is spoken.
The National Archives of Panama are located in the building of the National Archives of Panama. The National Archives of Panama were established in 1924.
Atruvera Aviation is an airline in Russia. It was founded in 1993 and its headquarters are in Saint Petersburg.
Wheelock is a New England town in Caledonia County, Vermont, in the United States.
The Tallgrass Beef Company, based in Chicago, was founded in 2005. The company's main business is beef.
The Brazilian legislative election of 1954 was held on October 3rd, 1954. The election was held in Brazil where the contested office of the Brazilian federal deputy was the federal deputy.
Marie Antoinette Marcotte worked in the Netherlands, from 1914 to 1918. Her career began in the Netherlands in 1890.
Jeff Baisley, known as Jeff, is a human being. He plays third base for the Toledo Mud Hens.
Bank SinoPac, founded in 1992, is a finance company headquartered in Taiwan.
Ice hockey club HC Villars in Switzerland was founded in 1906.
Wilson Gap, a mountain pass in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, is located in the United States.
Intohimo are a rock and pop band from Sweden which was formed in 2004. Their genre is punk rock.
Buck Creek State Park, established in 1975, is located in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
New Lebanon is a borough in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1866.
Superior mine is located in the administrative territory of British Columbia, Canada. Graphite is one of the products that can be extracted from Superior.
Embeesea Kit Cars is a business that was founded in High Wycombe in 1975. It dissolved in 1983.
Luis Mayme, known as Luis, is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for the club Universitario de Deportes.
The Bond District is located in the administrative territory of Hawaii County, Hawaii, United States. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Antonov was awarded the Order of the Red Banner in 1942, 1944. He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner on 13 December 1942.
Edd Cartier is the illustrator of the cover of Masters of Time. The book is written in English and published by Fantasy Press.
Onsen UI is a software program released in 2013 under the Apache License.
Melanie Serrano played for FC Barcelona, who she played for between 2006 and 2007.
Roederer Estate is a U.S. owned business that was founded in 1982. It is owned by Louis Roederer.
Audition is a short film from the United States that was released in 2007. The film was originally shown in English.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey team was founded in 1997 and play in the United States.
Mahlon Higbee, a left fielder and human, played baseball. His sport is men's basketball.
The 2011 Kentucky Derby is a horse racing event in which the winner is Animal Kingdom.
Susanna Phillips is the given name of Susanna Phillips, who studied at the Juilliard School. Susanna Phillips is a human being.
The Perfect Host, a film produced by Mark Victor, was filmed in Los Angeles, United States. The original language of the film is English.
Kamil Grabara, who started his career on 6 January 2019, played for Aarhus Gymnastikforening. Aarhus Gymnastikforening was acquired through a loan (sports) and he retired on 30 June 2019.
The Y.M. Rizer House is located in the United States. The house has the Second Empire style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
InterAirports, a business in the aerospace industry, is located in Honduras.
Letters from Hanusse is an English novel published in 2000.
The Twickenham Cricket Club, in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1701. The club is a sports club which has played in the sport of cricket.
High Brows is a novel written in English by Bruce Marshall.
The Miss Venezuela 1995 beauty pageant was held in Venezuela on May 7, 1995. Alicia Machado was the winner of the pageant.
Oldfields School, in Maryland, United States, was founded in 1867.
The Mungo River is a river of New Zealand, which is found in West Coast, New Zealand. The Mungo River is a tributary of the Hokitika River.
The Robert Day School was established in 2007 in Claremont, California, United States. The Robert Day School is a university.
Holy Cross College, Ryde, New South Wales, Australia, is a school that was established in 1891.
Pine Richland Middle School is located in the Pine-Richland School District in Pennsylvania, United States.
Aguada Stadium is located in Aguada, Puerto Rico, United States. The occupants of the stadium are Puerto Rico United.
Kure Software Koubou is a video game developer that was founded in Japan in 1985.
The Snoma Finnish Cemetery in South Dakota, United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sai Ying Pun station is located on the Island line of the MTR. It was opened on 29 March 2015 and is named after Sai Ying Pun.
Basketball was a sport competition at the 1963 Mediterranean Games held in Italy.
Sandy Lake Airport (operated by the government of Ontario) is located in Ontario, Canada.
Queen Sofia Composition Prize, established in 1983, is named after Queen Sofia of Spain.
Alison Lapper was educated at the University of Brighton. She is known as Alison and is a human being.
Football Night in America is a television show that was shown in the United States on the NBC network. The show was first shown on 10 September 2006.
Worthing Leisure Centre is a sports venue in Worthing, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1972.
Cédric Baseya played for Le Havre AC from 2009 to 2010. Le Havre AC was acquired via a loan.
The Corsica River, which is a tributary of the Chester River, is located in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States.
The TV series Kally's Mashup, which is from Argentina, started on October 23, 2017 on Nickelodeon.
Arthur Munds is a cricketer from the United Kingdom. His name is Arthur and his sport is Human.
Angasmarca District is one of the districts of Peru. Angasmarca District is located in the Santiago de Chuco Province, Pallasca District, Peru.
Lake Abita is located in West Cook, Minnesota, United States.
The Sound City Sessions is the band's follow up album to Clover and was released in 2006.
The film Subash originates from India. The screenwriter is R.V. Udayakumar. The film was filmed in Ooty and is written in the Tamil language.
The Red Barn Gallery, which was founded in 2008, is a photography centre in Belfast, United Kingdom.
The Shanghai Securities Exchange Building is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It was designed by WZMH Architects.
Sun City Palm Desert is an unincorporated community in California, United States. It was established in 1992.
KERA (FM) is a radio station in Dallas, Texas, United States. It was founded in 1973.
The Galt Arena Gardens is located in Ontario, Canada. The building was opened in January 1922.
The Old Village Historic District of Chatham, Massachusetts, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Miguel Coronado, whose real name is Miguel, plays as a midfielder for the Unión La Calera club. Miguel Coronado is a human being.
Simon Richman, known as Simon, is a human being, who plays as a midfielder for Worcester City FC.
The River Cocker is in Cumbria, United Kingdom. The River Cocker flows into the River Derwent in Cumbria.
Doha College in Doha, Qatar was founded in 1980. It is a Faculty Division.
Hamden Hall Country Day School is located in Connecticut, United States. The school was founded in 1912. It is a private school.
The TV series FYI Daily, which is from the United Kingdom, began airing on ITV2 on 10 July 2010.
The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses is from the Netherlands and was published by Jacob Campo Weyerman. The book is written in Dutch, following The New Theatre of Dutch Painters.
Trinity Theatre, a Grade II* listed building, is an arts centre which was designed by Decimus Burton and opened in 1829.
The Marcona mine, in Peru, is operated by Freeport-McMoRan. The mine produces iron ore.
The Ferry Farm is a National Historic Landmark plantation located in Stafford County, Virginia, in the United States.
The main subject of Kacper Ryx is the Middle Ages, it is published by Wydawnictwo Otwarte. The book is a detective fiction and is written in Polish.
Battle Harbour is a village in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It has been designated a National Historic Site.
Feather Falls is a waterfall in the Plumas National Forest in the United States.
Milwaukee Art Museum was opened in 1957 and was established in 2001. It was designed by Santiago Calatrava in the High Tech architecture style.
Huff's Store is a commercial building in Tennessee, United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Halifax Vandals are a rugby union team from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1923.
Weimar Classicism, a literary movement, is a cultural movement from Germany. It is a Kulturdenkmal.
The Manhan Rail Trail is a rail trail in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, that starts in Northampton.
Redondo Beach Unified School District was created in 1993 in California, United States.
Alison Milbank, a Anglican, is a professor at the University of Cambridge and the University of Virginia.
James Anderson ( basketball ) was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs, who began their career in 2012, and was drafted by the Spurs in 2010.
WLNO is a radio station in Louisiana, United States. It was established in 1956.
Powder River County District High School was established in 1924 in Broadus, Montana, United States.
The American Graduate School in Paris, located in Paris, France, was founded in 2009. It is an educational institution.
Nekhoteyevka, a khutor, is part of the Russia-Ukraine border. Nekhoteyevka is a border checkpoint in Russia.
Tangiriapal railway station is in India and is operated by East Coast Railway Zone. The railway is owned by the Indian Railways.
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and is a human being who speaks Spanish.
Tatsuki Kohatsu is a midfielder who played for Tochigi SC. He was educated at Ryutsu Keizai University and is a human being.
Murray Falls is a waterfall in Far North Queensland, Australia.
The Central School, a high school in North America, is located in Milton, Florida, United States. The school is part of the Santa Rosa County School District.
Haderslev RC is a rugby union team in Denmark that was established in 1991.
The P. Virsky Ukrainian National Folk Dance Ensemble is a musical ensemble in Kiev. It was established in 1937 and has won the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Drive Like Jehu is an alternative rock band from San Diego. They are part of the Math rock genre and are signed to the Swami Records label.
The National Center for Regenerative Medicine was founded in 2004 by Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland. The Center is a business focused on regenerative medicine.
The Australian Payments Network, a company in Australia, was founded in 1992. The company is located in Sydney and has a business model based on a payment system.
The Burwell-Holland House is located in Virginia, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The novel Peter Simple is written in English by Frederick Marryat.
The Bakrie Tower is a building in Jakarta, Indonesia designed by the architectural firm HOK.
The Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge is in North Dakota, United States. It is a National Wildlife Refuge with a Habitat/Species Management area.
Riddarhyttan is a locality in Skinnskatteberg Municipality, Sweden. It is an urban area.
The Newham South by-election was held on 23 May 1974 in the United Kingdom and was won by Nigel Spearing.
The Suwaiket Tower is a skyscraper in Khobar, Saudi Arabia. The tower was completed in June 2012.
The 2019 Rio Open - Singles is a tennis sporting event in Brazil.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Piedmont, Italy was part of the elections to the European Parliament. The election for a Member of the European Parliament in Piedmont was held on the same day.
Federico Gerardi began his career in 2007 and played for A.C. Monza. He ended his career in 2008. A.C. Monza was acquired by Loan.
The Clifton House Mystery is a television show from the United Kingdom that was broadcast from 1978 to 1982.
The Hesperian Harp is a book written by William Hauser, published in 1848. It is now in the public domain.
The airport of Mecheria, Algeria is located at the transport hub of Mecheria.
The Lancun-Yantai railway is operated by China Railway. The standard-gauge railway line is located in China.
Inka Wasi is an archaeological site located in the Department of Ayacucho in Peru.
Wodka Gorbatschow is a drink which was created in Berlin in 1921. It is manufactured at Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei.
Beachhead Solutions is a United States based company that was founded in 2003. The company is located in San Jose, California and is a business.
Dianna Booher, a human, lives in Colleyville, Texas. She studied at the University of Houston.
Cerro Tres Picos is a mountain in the Sierra de la Ventana range in Argentina, in the Americas.
The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress was held in Switzerland on February 26, 2016 and was an association football convention meeting.
Gal Alberman was a member of the Israel national football team, which started in 2003 and finished in 2015.
Petru Giovacchini is a member of the National Fascist Party and a human being. He speaks Italian.
Kristiansand Bus Terminal is a bus station in Kristiansand, Norway. It was opened in 1965.
The Scala & Kolacny Brothers, originating from Belgium, were founded in 1996. They are a choir and their record label is PIAS Recordings.
HMS Clacton (J151) is a ship built by the Ailsa Shipbuilding Company in the United Kingdom. The ship is operated by the Royal Navy.
The British Taekwondo Control Board is a British Taekwondo organization founded in Mansfield in 1982. Taekwondo is the sport of the British Taekwondo Control Board.
Zoe Unplugged Tour was a concert tour by Zoe that began on October 18, 2011 and ended on October 29, 2011.
The Elmina Java Museum is located in Elmina, Ghana. It was opened in 2003.
The Rushan Range is a mountain range in Tajikistan. It is part of the Pamir Mountains and its highest point is Patkhor Peak.
SM Quiapo is a shopping mall in the Philippines which was opened in 1958. It is owned by Henry Sy.
Colonel John Smith of the United States was a flying ace who was awarded the Legionnaire of the Legion of Merit and the Air Medal. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Nowadaga Creek is a watercourse in the Mohawk River system, New York, United States.
Harrison Trimble High School, established in 1961, is located in New Brunswick, Canada.
The Chimehuin River is a river in Argentina that flows into the Collon Curá River.
Porilainen is a sandwich made with white bread from Finland.
The Central Street Historic District (Millville, Massachusetts, United States) was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Boise Creek is a river in the Klamath Basin, in the United States. It flows into the Klamath River.
Kenneth Higgins was the director of photography for Hot Millions which was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is about computing and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
Curse of the Mistwraith is written in English and comes from the United States. The book was published by New American Library and was followed by Ships of Merior.
The Hipster Orchestra is a pop band from New York City, United States.
First State Heritage Park is a Delaware State Park in the United States. It was created in 2004.
The Sheepskin Trail is located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The trail's terminus is Dunbar, Pennsylvania.
The National University of Equatorial Guinea in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea was created in 1995.
'68 is a compilation album by Robert Wyatt, released on Cuneiform Records in 2013.
Sidi Ali Benyoub District is one of the districts of Algeria and is located in the Sidi Bel Abbès Province. Sidi Ali Benyoub is the capital of the district.
The Immigration Department of Hong Kong is a government agency which was established in 1961. The headquarters of the Immigration Department in Hong Kong are located in the Immigration Tower.
The Bertie County Courthouse, located in Windsor, North Carolina, is in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The New Vision School and College was established in 2012 in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
BBC Prime, a television station which was created on 26 January 1995, was succeeded by BBC Entertainment. The BBC Prime channel replaced BBC World Service Television.
Ancuabe District is located in the Cabo Delgado Province, Mozambique. It is the main category of the Ancuabe District.
Charleston High School is located in the Charleston Community Unit School District 1 in Illinois, United States.
The MS Marina was built by Fincantieri, is owned by Oceania Cruises, and is a ship from Marshall Islands.
The Shukhov Tower, Moscow, is a lattice tower of high tech architecture. It was designated a Cultural Heritage Site in Russia.
Lake James State Park is a North Carolina State Park in the United States. The park was established in 1987.
Johan Voskamp played for Sparta Rotterdam between 2010 and 2011. He started his career in 2013 with the club.
Barrow Hill railway station is located in Staveley, Derbyshire, United Kingdom. The station is a train station and is named after Barrow Hill, Derbyshire.
KQWC-FM, a radio station in Iowa, United States, was established in 2003.
The 2017 San Antonio mayoral election was held in the United States on 10 June 2017 and was contested by the Mayor of San Antonio.
Ojo in Lagos State is a local government area in Nigeria. The Ojo legislative council is the legislative body of the Ojo.
Coral Rapids station is a train station owned by the Ontario Northland Railway in Coral Rapids, Ontario, Canada.
Li Kai Ming is a human being who participated in the 2010 Asian Games. He plays for the Hong Kong national cricket team and his bowling style is the leg break.
Wasting Away is a comedy horror film from the United States. The film's original language is English and the film editor was Michael Schwartz.
Swainsthorpe railway station is located in Swainsthorpe, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Swainsthorpe.
The Old Town Center Historic District is located in the administrative territory of Massachusetts, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The I.L. Peretz Folk School is located in Manitoba, Canada. It is named after I.L. Peretz.
Timothy Lake is a reservoir in Oregon, United States.
Cademuir International School is located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom. The school was established in 1990.
Lebo M. performs the song He Lives in You, which was produced by Jay Rifkin. It was released in 1995.
The single Better Boat was released on 1 January 2018 by Warner Bros. Records. It is a part of the Songs for the Saints album.
The company Brau und Brunnen was founded in 1972 in Dortmund, Germany.
Vega de Valdetronco is a municipality in the province of Valladolid, in Spain. Its capital is Vega de Valdetronco.
TVHits was a television channel in Australia, which was launched in 2014 and was created to replace TV1 in Australia.
Castlethorpe railway station is located in Castlethorpe, United Kingdom. Castlethorpe is the name of the station, which is a train station.
Izzi Top was a female Thoroughbred foal who was born 21 April 2008 and was sired by Pivotal.
Lake Village Airport, which was created on 3 January 1947, is located in Indiana, United States.
Andrey Vorontsevich, also known as Andrej, competed in the EuroBasket 2011 and EuroBasket 2017. He played in the men's basketball event.
Ruth Stiles Gannett won the Newbery Medal in 1949 for the book My Father's Dragon. It was nominated for the award.
Rising Pune Supergiant, a cricket team based in India, played in the 2017 season.
Shizuka Kubota, whose name is Shizuka, plays for the Japan national cricket team. He is a human being.
WQLA is a radio station in Tennessee, United States. It was established in 1983.
Carmichaels Area Junior/Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The School is part of the Carmichaels Area School District.
Commercial Motor is a magazine which was founded in 1905 in the United Kingdom. Its language is British English.
Ryo Kobayashi began his career with Oita Trinita in 2008 and finished his career in 2008. Oita Trinita was acquired via a loan.
Skorpiovenator, a fossil taxon, is the parent taxon of Skorpiovenator.
The Zotye T600 is a sport utility vehicle made by Zotye Auto. It is a car model with a petrol engine.
Gary Hall Jr. competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics where he won both the silver medal and bronze medal. He also won the gold medal.
The Kribi Power Station, which is a gas-fired power plant, was put in service in March 2013 and is located in Kribi, Cameroon.
The General Urquiza Railway is located in the Misiones Province of the Buenos Aires Province. Its main category is Ferrocarril General Urquiza and its terminus is Federico Lacroze railway station.
Oldroyd Island is located in the Antarctic Treaty area, Prydz Bay.
The Holston is a historic building in Tennessee, United States. It is a bank that was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Redpoint Ventures, a private equity company, was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
The Ransom Everglades School, a high school in the United States, was established in 1903 and is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
Sky Bishkek is an airline in Kyrgyzstan. It was founded in 2012 and its hub is Manas International Airport.
Python is the programming language of OpenLP, a free software application for Microsoft Windows, with the GNU General Public License.
Valdenir da Silva Vitalino played for Tokushima Vortis from 2007 to 2008. Tokushima Vortis was acquired through a loan.
Cristian Muscalu, known as Cristian, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Baku.
The Tracey Towers are twin towers located in The Bronx, New York, United States, and were designed by Paul Rudolph.
The Mother Seton House in Maryland, United States was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blue State Digital is a United States based company that was founded in 2004. The company's headquarters are located in Washington D.C. and the company's primary business is providing digital services to customers.
Manco Kapac Province is located in the La Paz Department, Bolivia. Copacabana is the capital of the Manco Kapac Province.
Johannes Gijsbertus de Casparis was a Dutch ordinary professor at Leiden University. He began his career on August 21, 1978 and retired on July 1, 1986.
Como West Public School is a primary school in Australia. It was established in 1950 and is located in New South Wales.
Red Mango, a Dallas based company, founded by Daniel J. Kim in 2002, is in the business of selling fruit.
The Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District is located in San Diego, United States, in the neighbourhood of Asian Pacific.
The West Block, part of Parliament Hill, was designed by Thomas Stent and commissioned by the Monarchy of the United Kingdom. It is categorised as a federal heritage building of Canada.
Lake High School is in Millbury, Ohio, United States and is part of the Lake Local School District in Wood County.
Stonnington City Centre is located in Victoria, Australia. It is the city hall and is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Saurom is a rock and pop band from Spain who were formed in 1996. They perform folk metal music.
Wilson Bar USFS Airport, which was established on the 5th January 1996, is located in the state of Idaho, United States.
The Thone River is a river in New South Wales, Australia. It flows into the Hastings River.
The Wichita Wingnuts are a baseball team from the United States who play in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
Kispesti Textil SE is an association football club in Hungary which was founded in 1929.
The player Kelly Conheeney has the name Kelly and is a midfielder for Sky Blue FC. He is a human being.
The song It Was I is from the Rock and Roll genre and was released in 1959. It was performed by Skip & Flip.
Mount Kelsey is a mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States.
Top Gear Italia is an Italian television documentary TV series, which was presented by Joe Bastianich.
Saskia Laroo is the artist of Sunset Eyes 2000, the album that was released in 1999.
Gavin Swankie (born Gavin) is a human being who played as a midfielder for Dundee F.C.
The Roma Courthouse, Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
The Mathers Bridge is located in Florida, United States and it crosses the Banana River.
The Harvest is the Roots reggae album by Tribal Seeds, released in 2009.
Fort Thompson Mounds is an archaeological site in the United States, in the state of South Dakota. It was declared a National Historic Landmark.
The Fitz Henry Lane House is a single-family detached house in Massachusetts, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Palazuelos de la Sierra is a municipality located in the Province of Burgos, Spain. Palazuelos de la Sierra is a municipality that shares its border with Villamiel de la Sierra.
KXZT is a radio station which was established in 2012 and is located in Newell, South Dakota, United States.
Mundolingua is a museum of language in 6th arrondissement of Paris, France. It was established in October 2013.
Charleston Outlaws RFC, a rugby union team, is located in the United States.
The Next restaurant is located in Chicago, United States. The restaurant was established in 2011.
KWYX is a radio station in Wyoming, United States. The station was created in 2009.
The Maurice Hart House is located in North Carolina, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Amesbury railway station is located in Amesbury, United Kingdom. The name of the station is after Amesbury.
Belleza Argentina is a female beauty pageant in Argentina, founded in 2003 and located in Buenos Aires.
The 1979 Coupe de France Final was won by FC Nantes player, Eric Pécout.
New Castle Junior/Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The school is part of the New Castle Area School District.
Unitel Bolivia is a television channel in Bolivia. The channel was created in 1987.
The Girl with the Wine Glass is a Dutch Golden Age painting. It depicts the girl with a wine glass and is in the collection of Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum.
Glen Beicker Ranch Airport is located in Seguin, Texas, United States.
Stewart Hutton is a human being. He was educated at Newcastle University. He is a member of the Durham County Cricket Club.
The Andhra Bank, which was founded by Bhogaraju Pattabhi Sitaramayya, is located in Hyderabad. It was founded on 20 November 1923. The bank offers banking services.
David Overstreet, who is from the United States, attended Big Sandy High School in Texas. He is a human being.
Eartha Kitt performed the song "Always True to You in My Fashion", which was written by Cole Porter. It was published in 1948.
Dalby Airport is located in Queensland, Australia. The airport is operated by the Western Downs Region.
Skidmore-Tynan High School is located in Skidmore, Texas, United States and is part of the Skidmore-Tynan Independent School District. The school is a high school in North America.
CC Land, founded in 1992, is a business located in Hong Kong. The company is traded in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Llechog is a mountain in Snowdonia, United Kingdom. The parent peak of Llechog is Snowdon.
The Maddening was produced by Mark Amin and written in English. It originates from the United States and was directed by Nick McLean.
WPLM-FM, a radio station in Massachusetts, United States, was founded in 1961.
Mathew Cullen won the Grammy Award for Best Music Video for Weezer in 2008. Weezer was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Music Video.
Lingshou Town, which is the capital of Lingshou County, is one of the towns of China.
Bernardini was a male horse that was born in 2003. He was the son of A.P. Indy and has the child Stay Thirsty.
Eva Orner is a human being who studied at Monash University. She has the name Eva Orner.
Northwest Indiana Stars are a basketball sports team that was founded in 2010 in the United States.
Rogers & Cowan is a marketing company founded in 1950 and located in Los Angeles.
Kenton is a district in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in the United Kingdom. Kenton is a different name for the district.
Mitcham Common is a common land in Mitcham, in the London Borough of Merton, in the United Kingdom.
The New Plaza Stadium is located in Foshan, China. It was opened in 1991.
Marco Vitali is a cycle sport competitor from Italy whose given name is Marco. Marco Vitali is a human being.
The Kronos Quartet was signed to Nonesuch Records. They have won the Polar Music Prize and the Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance.
The band, Thaikkudam Bridge, was formed in 2013 in Kochi. The band's main member is Govind Vasantha.
The Teatro de la Ciudad, located in Mexico City, is a theater that is named after Esperanza Iris.
The Internacional Femenil Monterrey is a tennis tournament held in Monterrey, Mexico.
Founded in 2007, Talkmobile is a subsidiary of Vodafone headquartered in the United Kingdom.
WordAlive Publishers, founded in 2001, is a publishing company located in Nairobi.
Malcolm Group, a logistics business founded in 1960, is located in Linwood, Renfrewshire.
Babajide David, known as Babajide, is a human being who played as a midfielder for Thisted FC.
The Renju International Federation is a list of international sports federations. It was established in Stockholm on August 8, 1988. Its official language is English.
Jane Manning is the founder of Jane's Minstrels, a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 1988.
Chopping Machine is the debut album of Colour Haze, a stoner rock band, released in 1995.
William Henry Campbell, whose given name is William Henry Campbell, was the President of Rutgers University and a human being. William Henry Campbell is a man.
The Olympic Green Hockey Field is a sports venue in Beijing, China. It is used for field hockey.
The comic book Batman: Son of the Demon is written in English. It originates from the United States.
Little Quittacas Pond is a lake in Massachusetts, United States.
Randy Stoklos is a beach volleyball player from the United States. He is also a human.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich graduated from the University of New Hampshire in 1980 with a Doctor of Philosophy degree. Her academic major was History.
Peralba is a mountain of the Carnic Alps in the Province of Belluno, Italy.
Romania's leader was Constantin Argetoianu, who was a member of the National Renaissance Front. He became a member of the National Renaissance Front in 1939. He ended his career on November 23, 1939. Argetoianu began his career on 28 September 1939.
The 1997-98 season of the Torneo Argentino A was the season in which association football was played in Argentina.
Gaston Alvite, known as Gaston, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Racing Club de Montevideo.
The Supporters Shield, which was established in 1999, comes from the United States and is given to fans of Association football.
The 2003 season of the DPR Korea League, which is organized by North Korea, is for association football.
Sumner County Regional Airport is located in Gallatin, Tennessee, United States. It is an aerodrome serving Gallatin, Tennessee.
Cristian Sanchez Prette began his career in 2009 and played for Newell's Old Boys. The club was acquired by a loan transaction in 2010.
The Brampton Valley Way is a rail trail in the United Kingdom that starts in Northampton and ends in Leicestershire.
Tante Leen performed the song "Ajax is niet dood" in 1970, and it was released on the Imperial Records label.
Viola Group is a privately held company founded in 2000 in Herzliya.
Maury Bodenger is a human being who played American football for the Detroit Lions. He is also a man.
UFC 186 is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Cape Nome is on the Seward Peninsula, Nome Census Area, Alaska, United States.
Duranguense is a music genre from Mexico. It is a musical style that belongs to the main category of Duranguense.
County Route 530 is a road in New Jersey, in the United States.
The New English School in Kuwait was founded by Jehan Rajab in 1969.
The KD Jebat, built by Yarrow Shipbuilders, is a ship that was launched in 1999 from Malaysia.
Huachinera is a human settlement in Mexico, Huachinera Municipality is its capital.
The Singing Gate stars Hans Olden, Angelo Ferrari and was directed by Werner Brandes. Its film editor was Giuseppe Fatigati.
The 2002 Australian Drivers' Championship was an auto racing championship held in Australia.
Abilene Independent School District is located in Texas, United States.
Persias Asmat is an association football club in the Liga Indonesia First Division league from Indonesia.
The ROCS Ta Kuan (AGS-1601) comes from Taiwan. It was made by Fincantieri in 1995. Ta Kuan is a research vessel.
Belsat TV, a television station in Poland, was created in 2007 and owned by Telewizja Polska.
1962 American Football League Championship Game was played in 1962. It was part of the 1962 American Football League season in the United States.
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1905 played cricket in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Founded in 1997, Land of Leather is a retail business located in Kent.
FC Perun Kresna is an association football club in Bulgaria playing in the Third Amateur Football League.
Shavkat Salomov played for FC Nasaf, which was acquired via a loan transaction, starting in 2010.
The Wembley Lions is a motorcycle speedway sports club in the United Kingdom which was established in 1929.
The Borgward BX5 is a sport utility vehicle, a car model made by the Borgward Group. It is powered by a petrol engine.
Tudor Watches is a company in Geneva that was founded in 1926. It is owned by Rolex and has the Tudor Watches trademark.
The Stetsons are an Australian rock and pop band that was formed in 1987. They are signed to Mercury Records.
Edward Tolhurst, whose given name is Edward, plays for the Victoria cricket team. He is a human being.
Jack van Geloven is a human being who plays cricket for the United Kingdom.
Mount Gurage is a mountain in the Ethiopian Highlands in the Gurage Zone of Ethiopia.
The Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II International Airport LRT station is operated by the Indonesian Railway Company and opened on August 1, 2018. It is connected to the LRT Line 1 (Palembang LRT) and is adjacent to the Asrama Haji LRT station.
The London Underground station of Kilburn Park, England, was designed by Stanley Heaps. It was opened in 1915 and the station is located between Queen's Park station and Kilburn Park station.
The Pearl Harbor Remembrance Bridge is a road bridge that crosses the Kennebec River in Maine, United States.
The Patna Junction railway station was opened in 1862 and is operated by the Danapur railway division. It is located on the Howrah-Delhi main line and is adjacent to the Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station.
The Taunton & District Saturday Football League is a sports league in the United Kingdom. It was established in 1920 and is devoted to the sport of Association football.
Wincanton railway station, named after Wincanton, is located in the United Kingdom.
Salih Saleh Farhan is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Qatar SC.
Dave Tobik, a human given name, was a pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers.
The Merrick Machine Company is an automotive industry company founded in 1960 in Alda, Nebraska.
The National Space Council is a government organization in the United States. It was created in 1958 and is chaired by Mike Pence.
Gold Spot is a soft drink which originated in India and was manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company. It was created in 1952.
Forestburg is one of the villages in Alberta, Canada. Forestburg is located within the province, which is bordered by Strome.
JAAPA is a scientific journal published in English. It was established in 1988 and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
Andrew Marveggio is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Adelaide City FC.
Edaphobacter modestus (parent taxon Edaphobacter) is a gram staining, Gram-negative bacteria.
The Dursupe Manor, in the Gothic Revival style, was constructed in 1820 in Latvia.
The Edward Serlin House is located in New York State, United States and was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Underwater rugby, a form of rugby football, is played in Colombia.
Andresen Island is located in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica. It is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
Natasha Collins (born Natasha Collins) is a human being who is married to Mark Speight.
Yatap station was opened on September 1, 1994 and is operated by Korail. It is a station on the Bundang Line and is located adjacent to Imae station.
Josef Yarney started his career on 6 July 2017 and retired on 1 July 2019. He has played for Newcastle United F.C. Reserves and Academy. The latter club were acquired by a free transfer.
The Milan suburban railway line S4 service's terminus is Seveso railway station which is located north of Milan. The station was opened on 12 December 2004 and closed on 19 February 2006.
Fyodor Tolbukhin was awarded the Order of the Red Banner on 18 October 1922, the Order of the Red Banner on 18 October 1943, and the Order of the Red Banner on 3 November 1944.
Ana Satila is a human being who competed in canoeing and kayaking at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jokosher is an audio editing software program written in Python and available for Linux. The software is released under the GNU General Public License.
Yevgeni Kranatov is a human being who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Balakovo.
Hossein Kazemi, known as Hossein, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Saipa FC.
Charles Mingus won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1996 and 1997, and Buddy Holly won the same award.
UFC 89 is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Esporte Clube Campo Grande is an association football club in Brazil that was founded in 1993.
Robyn Field (born 27 June 1966) is a female tennis player and human being.
Andrew Wyeth created the painting Flood Plain in 1986. The painting is in a private collection.
Bonum sane, a motu proprio, was written by Pope Benedict XV and published on 25 July 1920. The book is in the public domain.
Left Field Productions developed NBA Courtside 2002 for the GameCube. The game was published by Nintendo and is available on Nintendo optical discs.
The 2013 Auckland mayoral election was held in New Zealand on 3 May 2013 to elect a Mayor.
Abraham Lincoln High School is located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, United States. The school is part of the Council Bluffs Community School District and is a high school in North America.
Ajmer division, which contains Tonk district, is in Rajasthan state, India.
Federico Rasic began his football career in 2014 and played for FC Amkar Perm. Amkar Perm were acquired via a loan transaction.
The Rock Pool is a novel written in English by Cyril Connolly.
Halo ( Beyoncé song ) is written by Ryan Tedder and composed by Beyoncé. Its tonality is A major.
The Battle of Mersa Matruh was part of the Western Desert Campaign and took place in Mersa Matruh, Egypt.
D. D. Terry is a human being. He played as a running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Estelle Alphand was the flag bearer for France at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics.
Richard Mack is a member of the Republican party in the United States. He is the human being with the surname Richard Mack.
Queen's Park station in Toronto is operated by the Toronto Transit Commission. It was opened on 28 February 1963 and is located on the Line 1 Yonge-University. It is adjacent to St Patrick station.
The Senegal national basketball team, which is based in Senegal, is coached by Porfirio Fisac.
Long Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in North Dakota, United States. It is protected under the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
Lydiate railway station is located in Lydiate, United Kingdom. Lydiate is the name of the station and is a train station.
Jon D Fox attended primary school, Cheltenham High School, and finished his education in 1965. This is a state school.
Miles Aircraft was a business founded in 1930 and dissolved in 1947. Its headquarters are in Woodley, Berkshire.
The company, Ananda Dairy, was founded in 1989 and is located in Bulandshahr.
The orchestra La Chapelle Rhenaene was founded in 2001 by Benoit Haller.
Guo Zhenqian is the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China which was founded in 1983.
Oye Como Va, a song written in Spanish, originates from the United States. The music is by Tito Puente.
Everything, a rock band from the United States, is signed to Capricorn Records.
Neon Punch is a K-pop girl group that was formed in South Korea on 26 June 2018.
Alanis Morissette has won the American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist in 1996 and 1997.
Sao Shwe Thaik was President of Myanmar from 4 January 1948 until 16 March 1952. He was succeeded by Ba U.
Mister Loveless is an alternative rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area, United States.
Shakra are a hard rock band from Switzerland. They are signed to AFM Records.
Aso District, Kumamoto is a district in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan. Takamori, Kumamoto is also in Aso District.
William Craig, Lord Craig, was born William Craig and attended the University of Edinburgh. William Craig , Lord Craig's father was William Craig, and he was a human being.
The beauty pageant Miss Venezuela 1973, which was won by Desirée Rolando, was held in Venezuela.
Tyson Ruiz is a player whose speciality is as a midfielder. He is a member of the Glacis United F.C. and his genre is human.
Galleria Shopping Centre, located in Toronto, Canada, was opened in 1972.
Pablo Lugüercio started his career in 2001 with Estudiantes de La Plata where he played until 2008. He started playing for Estudiantes de La Plata in 2017.
Roberto Hernandez Stadium is a sports venue in the United States. It has a capacity of 4,000 people and was opened on 18 September 2003. The University of South Carolina Aiken is the occupant.
The band Lanterna is an instrumental rock and pop band from the United States. Henry Frayne plays with the band.
Chinnodu Peddodu is a Telugu language romantic comedy film from India produced by Sivalenka Krishna Prasad.
24 Frames Factory is a business founded in 2007 in Hyderabad by Vishnu Manchu.
Richard Nixon was awarded the Time Person of the Year award in 1971 and 1972. He was also awarded the same award together with Henry Kissinger.
Misty Morn was born in 1952. She was a female horse who was sired by Princequillo and had Successor as a child.
Dmitry Stakheyev was born in Yelabuga, in the Vyatka Governorate, in the Russian Empire. Yelabuga is located in Yelabuga County.
Icknield Street, or Icknield Street is a Roman road in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom.
Record label Studio One signed Cynthia Richards who has a voice and is a human. Cynthia Richards music genre is Reggae.
The Theâtre de l'Étoile du Nord is a theater in Tunisia. It was opened on 26 February 2000.
The Kronberg Railway, in Hesse, Germany, is a standard gauge railway.
Robert Dyce is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He is also a human being.
Edson Souza, aka Edson, plays as a midfielder for Madureira Esporte Clube. He is also human.
One After 909 is written in English and the lyrics were written by Paul McCartney. The music was composed by John Lennon.
The film The Noah's Ark Principle was produced by Centropolis Entertainment. It was directed by Egon Werdin, edited by Tomy Wigand, and distributed by Filmverlag der Autoren.
Vittorio Casaretti, known as Vittorio, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the S.G. Gallaratese A.S.D.
Giorgos Vasiliou, whose name is Giorgos, is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for AEP Paphos FC.
The Life of Henry Brulard is a literary work written by Stendhal from France. It is an autobiography.
Andrei Tupolev was awarded the title of the Hero of Socialist Labour in 1945, 1957 and 1972.
The official residence of the Wisconsin Governor is the Wisconsin Governor's Mansion located in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin, United States.
The Brittain River is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada. It flows into the Pacific Ocean.
One Direction were nominated for the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Pop in 2013 and 2014 respectively.
The company Baci Lingerie was founded in the United States in 2010.
Nick Christensen has played for Hellerup IK from 2011 to 2013. He started playing for the club on January 1, 2014.
East Rockland Key is an island in Florida Bay, Monroe County, U.S.
The Ministry of Agriculture in Ethiopia was established in 1995. It is a part of the country's jurisdiction.
Rodney Bennett is the director of the television show Anything More Would Be Greedy which was broadcast on ITV. The TV network ITV Studios are the distributors of the TV show.
The Urban Guerillas are a pub rock band from Australia. They were formed in 1981.
Matt Hassett is the name of the human being. He is a member of the Tipperary senior hurling team.
The live album Warzone K17 was released in 2009, the same date as the Aviator album. It was performed by Funker Vogt.
Elliot Peak is located in the Queen Alexandra Range, Antarctica. The mountain is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
The band, The Henningsens, is from the United States. They are a rock and pop band with country music as their genre and are signed to the record label Arista Nashville.
Donald Weihs (nicknamed Donald) competed in ski mountaineering at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He was a human being.
Bridgwater & Albion, a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, was founded in 1875.
The 1960 Copa Libertadores, organized by CONMEBOL, was won by Penarol. The participating team was Club Olimpia. The competition ended on 19 June 1960.
Baruth (Mark) station is a train station in Germany which opened on 17 June 1875. The station is on the Berlin-Dresden railway.
Kosmos 2484, a Strela satellite, was manufactured by Information Satellite Systems Reshetnev. It was launched on 15 January 2013 from the Rokot space launch vehicle.
The band 10 foot Ganja Plant is a rock and pop band from the United States. The band is signed to the record label ROIR and their musical genre is reggae.
Rookwood Cemetery railway line is located in New South Wales, Australia. The standard gauge railway line is found in Australia.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference, which is located in Schwerin, was founded on 7 January 1991 by Althing. It is an intergovernmental organization.
Bath Township is located in Greene County, Ohio, United States. It is bordered by Bethel Township, Clark County, Ohio.
The New Zealand based company Cryptopia is a bitcoin exchange founded in 2014 in Christchurch.
Jelle van Gorkom, also known as Jelle, is a human who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in cycling. His sport is BMX.
The Village at Shirlington, which is located in Virginia, is a shopping mall in the United States. The mall was opened in 1944.
Forrest Chase, a shopping mall, is located in Perth, Australia. Forrest Place is another name for Forrest Chase.
Nicky Joyce is a Gaelic footballer who played for the Galway Senior Football Team. He is a human being.
Ocean Avenue is a thoroughfare that is located in Brooklyn, United States. It is different from Ocean Parkway.
Oak Hill High School is located in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States. The school is part of the Rapides Parish School Board. It is a high school in North America.
Nouria Hernandez graduated from the University of Geneva in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology and Diploma.
The Nokia 6670, manufactured by Nokia, is a cell phone model that was preceded by the Nokia 6620. The Nokia 6670 was followed by the Nokia N72.
Francisco Alex began his career in 2010 and ended his career in 2010. He has played for Rio Branco Esporte Clube, which was acquired by a loan.
Larry Boone is a country music artist signed to Columbia Records. Boone is the surname of Larry Boone.
The film Cheyenne Autumn Trail is from the United States and was released in 1964. It is in the English language.
Ben Cleverley is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Shepton Mallet F.C.
Haseena Moin, a resident of Karachi, began her career in 1970. She is a human being who was awarded the Pride of Performance award.
The Honourable Woman, a London based television series, was created by Hugo Blick. It was first broadcast on BBC Two and the musical score was provided by Martin Phipps.
Mushroom Peak is a mountain in the Winston Churchill Range of Alberta, Canada.
Greater Shediac is a metropolitan area in New Brunswick, Canada.
The American Broadcasting Company distributed French Silk, which is a New Orleans based film. The film's original language is English.
The Back River (Sheepscot River) originates from the Cross River (Maine) in the United States. It flows into the Sheepscot River.
Emilia Gubitosi, known as Emilia, is married to Franco Michele Napolitano. Emilia Gubitosi was a student of Beniamino Cesi and is an expert in human rights.
The 1953 Scottish Cup Final was played at Hampden Park and was won by Rangers FC. Aberdeen FC also played in the final.
The Vosges Club is a Voluntary Association located in the Vosges department of France.
The Colley Track/Soccer Complex is located in Troy, Alabama, United States. It is a sports venue that was opened in 2003.
Ivan Baklanov is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Rostov.
The Willamette Iron and Steel Works was founded in 1865 and is located in Portland, Oregon. The company's main industry is shipbuilding.
Greg Meisner is a human being who played defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams.
Will Whitticker (born Will) is a human being who graduated from Michigan State University and has played for the Green Bay Packers.
Tumangang Station is operated by the Korean State Railway and is connected to the Hongui Line and the Tumangang Line. Khasan railway station is adjacent to the station.
Balaka Township, Malawi, is in the Southern Region of Malawi. Balaka District is the capital of Balaka Township.
Taptong Station is a train station in North Korea. It is owned by the Korean State Railway and was opened on 30 March 1943.
Kim Nam-chun, a midfielder, was educated at Kwangwoon University and is a member of the FC Seoul football club. He is a human being.
The architect of Citi Field, which was opened on March 29, 2009, was the company Populous. The field is used for baseball and was designed by the structural engineer WSP Global.
Higashi-Murayama Station is located next to Seibuen Station on the Seibu Seibu-en Line. The station was opened on 23 May 1950 and is a connection point for the Seibu Seibu-en Line.
Matej Rakovan played for SK Slavia Prague, which was acquired in a loan transaction in 2013.
The Calcutta Puppet Theatre is an organization founded by Suresh Dutta in 1973.
The Pontiac Ventura is a car model that was manufactured by General Motors. It is a Pontiac manufactured car. The Pontiac Ventura was followed by the Pontiac Phoenix.
Edward Snowden began working at the University of Maryland, College Park in 2005. He was a security guard.
Renee Chappell, aka Renee Chappell, played for the Western Fury and the Australia national cricket team. Renee Chappell is a human being.
Potu, Azerbaijan is a human settlement in the Goychay District, which is located in the country.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources is a government agency in Columbus, Ohio, United States.
Djibo, Burkina Faso, is located in the Soum Province. It is the capital of the Soum Province. Djibo is one of the departments of Burkina Faso.
Gao Jun competed in table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics. His surname is Gao and he is a human being.
Vladimir Kovin was awarded the Order of Friendship of Peoples and Merited Master of Sports of the USSR. He was also given the name Wladimir Kovin and played for Diables Noirs de Tours.
Jim Washington, who is from the United States, played for the Chicago Bulls in the National Basketball Association. He is a human being.
Rebecca Rimmington is a cycle sport athlete, who has the given name Rebecca. Rebecca Rimmington is a member of the WNT-Rotor Pro Cycling team. Rebecca Rimmington is a human being.
Angie Dickinson and Anthony James (actor) are both cast in the English language film Sam Whiskey which was produced by Arnold Laven.
Eastman Pond is a lake in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, in the United States.
The Outcast Islands are located in the Coronation Gulf, Nunavut, Canada.
MPH Group was founded in 1890 and is in the retail business. Its headquarters are located in Petaling Jaya.
Venus Williams was nominated for the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award in 2001 and 2002.
Dragonlance Legends is a book series written by Margaret Weis. It is set in the fictional Dragonlance universe and was published in 1986.
Piscobamba is the capital of Piscobamba District, the city of Piscobamba in Peru.
Kate Alicia Morgan is a human being from Wales. She is employed by the BBC.
Antal Kotász (born Antal), is a member of the Vasas SC club and the Hungary national football team. He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Justin McMahon is a human being who won the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award and plays for the Tyrone Senior Football Team.
Krell Hill is a mountain in the Selkirk Mountains range in the state of Washington in the United States.
Kenda is a human settlement in the Bardhaman district of India. Kenda Rubber Industrial Company is also located here.
Samalie Matovu is a singer and human with a female voice.
The Murcki Coal Mine, established in 1657, is in Poland. It produces coal.
The United States is the origin of the film Bring on the Girls, which was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Doris Dowling and Huntz Hall.
Villa Rivero Municipality, which is different from Villa Rivero Municipality, is found in the Punata Province, Bolivia.
Paul Simon is the composer of the song "America", written by Simon & Garfunkel. The song was produced by Art Garfunkel. The song originates from the United States.
The Sonoma State Seawolves are a university and college sports club in the United States. They play American Football.
The French language film Antoine and Sebastian is from France. Keith Carradine and Ottavia Piccolo are both cast in the film.
The Toei Company produced the film Sukeban, which was written by Norifumi Suzuki. The film originates from Japan. It is based on the original Japanese language.
Milton Glick worked at Arizona State University, where he served as the executive vice president, from 1991 to 2006.
P Gregory Warden graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1978 with a Master of Arts degree. He received a doctor of philosophy degree from Bryn Mawr College.
The Lorado Mine is located in the administrative territory of Saskatchewan, Canada. It produces uranium.
Ricardo Delgado Araujo, whose real name is Ricardo, is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for Envigado F.C.
The Laws of Thermodynamics, which was filmed in Barcelona, is in Spanish. It stars Josep Maria Pou and Berta Vázquez.
Condair Group, founded in 1948, is a business with headquarters in Freienbach. The company is governed by an Aktiengesellschaft.
The United States is the origin of The Paintsville Herald which is published in Paintsville, Kentucky. The newspaper is a broadsheet format.
Zaysan District (capital Zaysan) is one of the districts of Kazakhstan, located in the East Kazakhstan region.
The song Celestial, produced by Pedro Damián, is from Mexico. It was written by Jon B. and was followed by Bésame sin miedo. The song was written to follow the song Tu Amor.
Karfas, located in the Chios Municipality, Greece, is a human settlement.
The main economic category of Palau is Economy of Palau.
Ken Jammeh is a human being whose given name is Ken. He plays as a midfielder for FC KooTeePee.
Kenny Cooper began his career in 2015 with the FC Montreal team. The loan deal for the team allowed him to play for the club.
Edward Joseph Kelly, who was a member of the Democratic Party in the U.S., was the leader of Chicago. He began his career on 17 April 1933 and ended it on 15 April 1947.
The Duval County Public Schools are located in the state of Florida in the United States. They are a school district in the county.
Florin Bejan is a human being. He is a defender for the KS Cracovia football team.
The Marden House is a single-family detached home designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in McLean, Virginia in the United States.
Silvan Inia, whose real name is Silvan, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Volendam.
Skelton Inlet is a bay in the Antarctic Treaty area. It is located in the continent of Antarctica and named after Reginald Skelton.
Endless.com is a website in the retail industry that was created in 2006. The company is owned by Amazon.
The TV series 3AM, which began on May 28, 2015, is based in the United States. It is distributed by Showtime Networks.
Manville High School is located in Manville, New Jersey, United States. The school is part of the Manville School District.
Angela Mao and Corey Yuen star in Hapkido, a Hong Kong film in Cantonese.
The Graham Stadium is the home ground of the UT Martin Skyhawks, a university and college sports club that represent the University of Tennessee at Martin. The team play American football.
The South Taconic Trail, with its highest point of Brace Mountain, is located in Dutchess County, New York, United States.
Karim El Hany is a human being who plays as a midfielder for RWS Bruxelles.
Samois is an organization in the United States that was founded in 1978 and dissolved in 1983.
The Parnell Tunnel is a railway tunnel in the Auckland region of New Zealand. The tunnel was closed in 1930.
The film genre of Maga Rayudu is Fantasy. The film originates from India and is made in Telugu. The director of photography for the film is Chota K Naidu.
The International Esports Federation (founded 11 August 2008) is an organization headquartered in Seoul. It is the main organization in the category of International e-Sports Federation.
Julius Peppers played defensive end for the North Carolina Tar Heels football team from 1998 to 2001.
The LT Cortesia is a container ship manufactured by Samsung Heavy Industries. It is a container ship with the port of Madeira, Portugal.
Juan Surraco is a human being who plays as a midfielder for El Tanque Sisley.
South East Today is a news television series which originated in the United Kingdom and was broadcast on BBC One.
The airline Ying'an Airlines was founded in 2005 and is based in China. The airport that the airline serves is Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport.
The Battalion is owned by Texas A&M University and was founded in 1893. It is a broadsheet newspaper.
Ferdinand Lumban Tobing Airport is located in Kota Sibolga, Indonesia. The airport serves the transport hub of Sibolga.
Ryan Craig is a member of the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Tampa Bay Lightning in the National Hockey League. He is also human.
Mendota Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. It is located on the Minnesota River.
The band Vanilla Sky is from Rome, Italy. The band's musical genre is punk rock and they play rock music.
Kaiapoi River is a river in Canterbury, New Zealand. It flows into the Waimakariri River.
J. Darius Bikoff is the husband of Jill Bikoff. He lives on the Upper East Side, and his profession is human.
Neenah Foundry is a privately held company located in the United States. The company was founded in 1872.
Brandon Dubinsky is a human being in the National Hockey League who played for the Columbus Blue Jackets. He is from the United States.
Erwin Saavedra plays for Bolivia, he started his career in 2015.
Lawrence Holland, born in the United Kingdom, played cricket for the country and is known as a human being.
Simon Weatherstone is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Oxford United F.C.
The Oldenburg T 5.1 is a tank locomotive with a wheel arrangement of 2-4-2T. It is manufactured by Hanomag.
Bharat Broadband Network is a telecommunications company in India owned by the Government of India.
Stephen Frears won the Goya Award for Best European Film in 2007. The Queen (2006 film) also won the Goya Award for Best European Film.
Annette Tison is married to Talus Taylor. She is the author of the book Barbapapa and speaks French.
John Maloof was the director of photography on Finding Vivian Maier, which was a documentary about photographer Vivian Maier. Jeff Garlin was the executive producer of the film.
San José de las Lajas is the capital of Mayabeque Province, which is a province which was preceded by Havana Province and which is shared with Matanzas Province and Artemisa Province.
Curtis T. McMullen was awarded the Fields Medal and a doctorate in Philosophy. His field of work is Topology, and Dennis Sullivan was his doctoral advisor.
Yesan County is in South Chungcheong Province, South Korea. Korean is the official language.
Dieter Pfeifer (born Dieter) is a human being who competed in swimming at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Barne Glacier is a glacier on Ross Island in Antarctica. It is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
Ryan Reynolds won the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight for Deadpool (2016). He also won the award with Ed Skrein.
The company AltSchool was founded in San Francisco in 2014.
The Tenino was a sternwheel ship owned by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It was in service between 1861 and 1879.
O.S.C.A. (founded by Ettore Maserati) is a Società per azioni in the automotive industry. The company is located in San Lazzaro di Savena.
Seiji: Riku no Sakana is a Japanese language drama from Japan, starring actor Hidetoshi Nishijima.
Buck Gladmon is a human given name. He played third base for the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Franklin Furnace is a mine located in Franklin, New Jersey, United States. Zinc is one of the country's main products.
KMMJ is a radio station located in Grand Island, Nebraska, United States.
Pablo Salazar began his career in 2011 with C.S. Herediano, he has played for the club since 2016. He has also been a member of C.S. Herediano, which ended his career in 2015.
The British Rail Class 325 is an electric multiple unit built by the ABB Group. The Class 325 is operated by DB Cargo UK.
The Grigorovich M-11 is a flying boat designed by Dmitry Pavlovich Grigorovich. It is made in Shchetinin, Russia.
The Biedma Department is located in the Chubut Province, Argentina. The capital of the department is Puerto Madryn.
Philip Lund began his career in 2010 and ended his career in 2011. He played for Kolding FC which was acquired by a loan deal.
Campos Borges is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Campos Borges has a border with Quinze de Novembro.
The Mount Olive Trojans, a University and College sports club, represent the University of Mount Olive in the U.S.
Madison Marquette, a company founded in 1992, is located in Washington, D.C.
Rabie Belgherri is a midfielder who plays for IRB Maghnia. He is a human being.
Donald Dewar was the first minister of Scotland, starting on 13 May 1999. He ended his first ministry on 11 October 2000. Jim Wallace, Baron Wallace of Tankerness succeeded Dewar.
The Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge is located in Malaysia and was opened in 2006. The bridge carries Pahang River.
Thenandal Studio Limited is the production company of Aarathu Sinam, a film from India, whose director is Aravinnd Singh. The film is in the Tamil language.
Pernik Municipality is located in Pernik Province, Bulgaria and its capital is Pernik.
Paapi originates from India and was made in Hindi. It stars Sunil Dutt and Padma Khanna.
Ludovic Blas, known as Ludovic, is a midfielder who plays for the France national under-17 football team. Ludovic Blas is a human being.
Miss Thailand World 2016 was the beauty pageant edition of the Miss Thailand World pageant, held in Thailand on 2016.
McLaren Smith played for Bermuda's national cricket team and is a human being.
Henry Kautz is a human being who was awarded the ACM Fellow award. He was also awarded the AAAI Fellow award and his doctoral advisor was James F. Allen.
UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Romero is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Aufacker is a mountain in the Ammergau Alps in Bavaria, Germany.
The Icelandic parliamentary election of 1937 was held on 29 June 1937. The election was to elect a member of the Althing in Iceland.
The National Highway 365A is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in India. The road forms part of the National Highway system in India.
The Thoroughbred horse Leonatus was born in 1880. He was a male and his father was Longfellow.
Brian Sarmiento played for Girona FC between 2009 and 2010. Girona FC was acquired via a loan.
The Great Macarthy is from Australia, where the main subject is Australian rules football. It was originally shown in English and starred John Jarratt.
The Caine Prize, which was established in 2000, was named after Michael Harris Caine. The winner of the prize was Binyavanga Wainaina.
OHADA is an international organization founded in 1993 in Yaounde and managed by Dorothé Sossa.
Julius Erving played for the Philadelphia 76ers from 1976 to 1987. The 76ers' position is small forward.
The Los Angeles General Services Police was a government agency that existed in the United States from 1979 to 2012.
The Lancia D50 is a racing car made by Lancia in Italy and is used in the sport of Motorsport.
Dante Spinotti was the director of photography for From the Hip. The film was filmed in North Carolina and stars Allan Arbus and Darren McGavin.
Tess Daly, who is married to Vernon Kay, is White British. She is also known by the name Helen and speaks English.
Bradford Exchange, founded by J. Roderick MacArthur, is a business headquartered in Niles, Illinois. The company was founded in 1973.
John Foster is the cartoonist who directed the photography for Keane. The filming location for Keane is New Jersey, New York City and New York state.
The musical score for Casting JonBenet was provided by Nathan Larson. The film was produced by James Schamus and the director of photography was Michael Latham. The original language of the film is English.
Alan Murray was a footballer with Middlesbrough F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C. He is now a coach for Darlington F.C. and is a human being.
The Buckhorn Reservoir is in North Carolina, in the United States.
Centre Stage, also called Center Theatre, is a theater located in Greenville, South Carolina, U.S.
Villalmanzo is a municipality of Spain, in the Province of Burgos. Its capital is Villalmanzo.
Quel movimento che mi piace tanto, from Italy, was directed by Roberto Gerardi. Francesco D'Adda and Mario Colli are both in the cast.
South Cle Elum is a town in Kittitas County, Washington, United States. It is located on the border with Ronald, Washington.
The 1996 Ukrainian Cup Final was played at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex. FC Dynamo Kyiv won the final and FC Nyva Vinnytsia also played in the final.
Lake Highlands High School is in the Richardson Independent School District in Texas, United States.
Uranometria is a star atlas written by Johann Bayer, published in 1603 and is in the public domain.
Bindlacher Berg Airport, serving Bayreuth, is in the municipality of Bindlach, Germany. It is a commercial airfield.
Kizhekethil Chandy graduated from Government Arts College, Thiruvananthapuram in 1942 with a master of arts degree in English literature.
Marion Reichelt competed in the European Combined Events Team Championships in 1987 where she won the silver medal in the women's heptathlon competition.
Gary Reasons is a human being. He was a linebacker for the New York Giants.
Baker Island is a river island in the Allegheny River, Pennsylvania, United States.
Mark Hoppus founded the San Diego based business Atticus Clothing in 2001.
John Courtney Jones, known as Courtney, is a figure skater who competed with Doreen Denny and June Markham as partners in business.
Bellarine Peninsula is located in Victoria, Australia.
John McDowell is a surname of American football player, John McDowell, who played for the New York Giants. John McDowell is a human being.
Hong Kong and the United States have a bilateral relationship.
The company, I54, was founded in 2005 by Advantage West Midlands and is located in South Staffordshire. The company is a business providing services to the transport industry.
English is the language of the original film of Bloody New Year, which is a horror film from the United Kingdom. The film was edited by Carl Gustaf Thomson.
MasterChef (Brazilian season 4) was a Brazilian TV series produced by the Shine Group.
Yves Montand and Mario Casado are both stars in A Butterfly in the Night. The film was directed by Américo Hoss. The film was originally from Argentina.
The Delaware Constitution of 1776 was the constitution of Delaware. It was in effect from 1776 and was replaced by the Delaware Constitution of 1792.
The shipyard Westermoen Hydrofoil was founded in 1961 in Norway. The industry of the shipyard is shipbuilding.
Aschentalshalbe is a mountain in the Harz, in the Landkreis of Gottingen, in Germany.
Stu Tate, whose surname is Tate, played pitcher for the San Francisco Giants and is a human.
Fausto Tienza, known as Fausto, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for UD Melilla.
Lutherville, Maryland is located in the United States in Baltimore County. It is a census-designated place.
Sid Hearn is a human being from the United Kingdom who plays for Kent County Cricket Club.
Keewaydin State Park is located in Alexandria, New York, United States, next to the Saint Lawrence River.
Southern Times Messenger, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1951 and is owned by News Corp Australia.
Mark Ealham is a human being who played for Kent County Cricket Club and Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club.
Louisville is a village in Clay County, Illinois, United States. Louisville is the capital of Clay County, Illinois.
Selica Winiata is a member of the New Zealand women's national rugby union team, she also plays rugby sevens and is a human being.
Amour Fou is a 1993 film from France directed by Roger Vadim.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Browne was a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Sherry Hawco is a human whose sport is artistic gymnastics. Sherry Hawco participated in the 1979 Pan American Games.
Billy Byers won the AACTA Award for Best Original Music Score for An Indecent Obsession in 1985.
Kafui Danku studied at the University of Cape Coast and is an actor. She was also a woman.
Ibstock (or sometimes spelled Ibstock) is a civil parish in North West Leicestershire, United Kingdom.
The film Mozart Decoded, directed by Kevin Sullivan, was produced in Canada and was released in 2008.
Orion Pictures is the distributor of Anna and the Apocalypse which was produced by Naysun Alae-Carew. The film was made in English by Creative Scotland.
Snarby Peak is a mountain in the Sverdrup Mountains, Antarctica. It is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Dimitris Giovanakis, whose name is Dimitris, is a human being. He played football as a defender and is a member of the Aiolikos FC.
Servicio Paz y Justicia is a voluntary association in Argentina that works in the field of human rights.
The National Highway 927A is in India and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. The National Highway in India is a road system.
The Oruaiti River is in the Northland region of New Zealand. Wainui River (Northland) is a tributary of Oruaiti River.
Reggie Williams was a linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals who began his career in 1976 and ended his career in 1989.
Canalside Studios is a video game developer located in Huddersfield, UK.
Lake Griffin State Park is a Florida State Park in the United States. The park is categorized as a wilderness area by IUCN.
La Riba de Escalote is a municipality in the Province of Soria, in Spain. La Riba de Escalote is located in the province of Soria and shares borders with Caltojar.
Rick Witter & The Dukes are a rock and pop band from York that was formed in 2005. Their musical genre is alternative rock.
Adrian Madaschi played for Spezia Calcio, whose acquisition was a loan. He started playing for Spezia Calcio in 2003.
State Highway 45 is in Kerala, India. The highway is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
Angelo Chol, whose given name is Angelo, attended San Diego State University and is a human being. He plays for the San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball team.
UFC 87 is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Stratfor, a business founded by George Friedman in 1996, is located in Austin, Texas.
Masjid e Tooba is a Mid-century modern mosque in Karachi, Pakistan.
Imedi Media Holding was founded on March 15, 2001 and is a joint-stock company. The headquarters of Imedi Media Holding are located in Tbilisi. The TV station was created on March 15, 2001.
The Colorado Department of Transportation is the maintainer of Interstate 270 in Colorado, which was opened in 1965. The highway forms part of the Interstate Highway System and has a terminus at Interstate 70.
Roberto Argüello is a tennis player whose residence is in Buenos Aires. He is also human.
The Yellala Falls are a waterfall in the Congo River, which is part of the Congo Basin. The falls are located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Sonia Bompastor played for Paris Saint-Germain Féminine, which was acquired via a loan in 2010. Sonia Bompastor began her career in Paris Saint-Germain Féminine in 2009.
Alexandro Pozzer plays handball for AD Ciudad de Guadalajara. He is also known as a human.
Timmy Fleming is a human being who plays Gaelic football for the Kerry Senior Football Team.
Yairo Yau began his career in 2011 with Deportivo Cali, which was acquired via a loan.
The Bank of Communications, a joint-stock company in the financial services industry, is headquartered in Bocom Financial Towers. The company's stock is traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Gold Dust Hotel in Kansas, United States, has an Italianate style building.
SMS Saida is a ship built by Cantiere Navale Triestino in Austria-Hungary. The ship was operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Allen Iverson, who played point guard, played for the Memphis Grizzlies. He started his career in the Grizzlies in 2009 and ended it in 2009.
Beacon Pictures, a film production company founded in 1990 by Armyan Bernstein, is located in Tokyo.
St Edward's College in Liverpool was founded 1 May 2011 and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool.
Little MacLeod Lake is located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
The National State Television and Radio Company of Belarus owns the radio station Radio Belarus which was founded in 1962 and uses the Belarusian language.
The hymn Finlandia, written by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi, is based on Finlandia. It was written by Jean Sibelius.
ERONET, a mobile phone company in the country of Bosnia and Herzegovina, is owned by its parent company, HT Mostar.
Howlock Mountain is located in the Cascade Range of Oregon, in the United States.
Nokia is the manufacturer of the Nokia 3200 cell phone model which was preceded by the Nokia 3100. The Nokia 3200 was followed by the Nokia 3220.
Ho'okipa is a surfing spot on the island of Maui in the United States. Ho'okipa is in the Maui County, Hawaii.
Located in Indianapolis, Interactive Intelligence, a company that offers business services, was founded in 1994. The company is traded on the Nasdaq.
Serikzhan Muzhikov started playing for FC Astana in 2014 and finished his career in 2015.
Stroszek is an alternative rock band from Aberdeen that was formed in 2005.
The XMobots Apoena, a subclass of aircraft, is made by XMobots. It was first flown on 18 November 2008 and comes from Brazil.
Josep Borrell graduated from Stanford University in 1974 with a master's degree. He finished his studies in 1975.
That's My Line, which was created by Mark Goodson, was produced by Fremantle. The company uses the English language and the series ended in September 1981.
Paul Islas started with Fresno FC U-23 in 2012 and finished his career in 2013. He has played for Fresno FC U-23 starting in 2014.
The Amalgamated Sugar Company is located in Nampa, Idaho. The company was founded in 1897 by David Eccles and is still in business.
Ralph van Dooren plays as a midfielder for FC Eindhoven and is a human being.
Proxies are an alternative rock band from Yorkshire that was formed in 2010.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of India is the owner of National Highway 39 in India. This road forms part of the National Highway system in India.
The Likwit Crew is a hip hop musical ensemble from the United States. Its member is King T.
Evan Kostopoulos played for Adelaide Comets FC from 2009 to 2015.
The South Cameroon Company produces palm oil and natural rubber. Its director and manager is Maximilian Heinrich Schinckel and its manager is Sigmund Hinrichsen.
Stainless Games is the developer of Risk: Factions, which was published by Electronic Arts. The game is available for Xbox 360 and is available for Steam service.
Khaled Kassab, known as Khaled, is a human being. He plays for Al-Sulaymaniyah FC as a defender.
The S27 is a Munich S-Bahn line in Germany. It was dissolved on 15 December 2013.
The Te Arai River, which is a tributary of the Waipaoa River, is located in Gisborne District, New Zealand.
Michael Bloomberg, who graduated with the Bachelor of Science degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1964, studied Electrical Engineering at the university.
Isyu Ngayon is a Philippine TV series that originated in the Philippines. The original network of the series was GMA Network and its distributor is GMA News TV.
The TV series Old School originated in Australia and is broadcast on the ABC (Australian TV channel). The TV series is in English.
Walk... Don't Walk is a 1968 short film from the United States starring Chevy Chase.
Jim McGuinness plays Gaelic football with the Donegal senior football team. Jim McGuinness is human.
Pouria Gheidar is a human being. He is a midfielder who plays for PAS Hamedan FC.
The National Highway 332A is in India. It is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Xtra Heat, a female Thoroughbred, was born in 1998 in the United States.
Alfred Jermaine Cunningham, a human being, attended the University of Florida and was a member of the San Francisco 49ers.
Clement Lebopo, a human, competed in the marathon at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Stephen Island is located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the Nickerson Ice Shelf.
The LDV Maxus is manufactured by the LDV Group. It is a car model that was succeeded by the LDV Pilot.
The Minds of Billy Milligan is written in English and published by Random House. The book features Billy Milligan as a character.
Poster Boys, a Hindi movie, has a Kijkwijzer rating of 9. The film is from India and is distributed by Sony Pictures Networks India.
The Japanese language film Einstein Girl, starring Mayuko Iwasa, was made in Japan. Rina Akiyama also starred in the film.
Pinkhill Lock is a water navigational lock on the River Thames in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom.
Nicholas Brown Jr., a member of the American Antiquarian Society, was the son of Nicholas Brown Sr. and Nicholas Brown III. Nicholas Brown Jr. is buried in Rhode Island.
Jel Sert, a drink industry founded in 1926, is located in West Chicago, Illinois.
Eushully is a business that was founded in 2005 in Sapporo.
Harrison High School, in the Harrison School District 2, is located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States.
Dancing Dots, a United States business, is located in Philadelphia.
Assean Lake is located in the administrative territory of Manitoba, Canada.
Dave Coxhill, whose given name is Dave, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Millwall FC.
The 1988 San Diego mayoral election took place in the United States. The incumbent Mayor was contested.
Guillaume Quellier played for Stade de Reims, which was acquired by a loan in 2009. He began his career in 2008 and ended it in 2009.
Maoke Mountains, with Puncak Jaya as the highest point, is in the New Guinea Highlands, Indonesia.
Peter Olofsson is the name of a handball player and human.
The Nicula Monastery, Romanian Orthodox, is located in Nicula, Romania.
Almond is a part of panpepato, a cake that is from Italy.
Ircon International, which was founded in 1976, is in the rail transport business. The company is headquartered in New Delhi.
Takumi Kuriyama plays outfielder for the Saitama Seibu Lions in Japan. He is a human being.
Riley Park is a sports venue located in Sumter, South Carolina, United States. The South Atlantic League is the occupant of Riley Park.
Marcos Rocha started with Uberlândia Esporte Clube in 2008. The club was acquired via a loan.
Obermillstatt is a village in the municipality of Millstatt, in Austria.
The 1953 Christchurch mayoral election was part of the New Zealand municipal elections. The Mayor of Christchurch was contested.
The company, VentureCrowd, was founded in Sydney in 2013.
The company Stadiums Limited was founded in 1915 by John Wren.
The SS Solomon Juneau is a ship built by the California Shipbuilding Corporation in the United States. The ship is operated by the United States Navy.
The Weird Al Show was created by "Weird Al" Yankovic and starred Gary LeRoi Gray. It was originally shown on CBS and was shown in English.
Richard Stark's Parker: The Hunter is written in English by Darwyn Cooke. It is published by IDW Publishing. It is based on the Stark novel The Hunter.
Elliot Meyerowitz was awarded the Gruber Prize in Genetics in 2018 and is affiliated with California Institute of Technology.
Diligent Corporation is a private company founded in 1994 in New York City.
Pigeon Key, a historic district, is located on the island of Pigeon Key, in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
Thomas Arnold was the head teacher at Rugby School from 1828 to 1841.
Sartimbamba District is in the Sánchez Carrión Province in Peru. Sartimbamba District shares borders with Cochorco District.
WWEG is a radio station in Myersville, Maryland, United States.
Lake Borabay is located in Turkey in Amasya Province.
Blue Sky Aviation Services is an airline based in Kenya. The airline was founded in 1996 and its hub is Moi International Airport.
South Street, Mayfair is located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. The street connects with Farm Street.
Johannes Christiaan de Marez Oyens is a human being who was the son of Gerrit Hendrik de Marez Oijens. Hendrik Jan de Marez Oyens is the brother of Johannes Christiaan de Marez Oyens.
Hal Prewitt founded Core International in 1979. The company is in the computer hardware industry.
Jimmy Adam is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Stoke City FC.
Clivia is an operetta opera that was first performed on 23 December 1933. It was composed by Nico Dostal.
Joanne Reid, aka Joanne Reid, is a human who competed in the Biathlon World Championships 2019.
The 1986 Taca de Portugal Final was played at Estádio Nacional on 27 April 1986. It was won by S.L. Benfica.
Manifesto Games, which was founded in 2005, is based in the United States and is in the video game industry.
The Herald is owned by Independent News & Media in Ireland. It is a tabloid newspaper, which is published in English.
Evan Gray, whose given name is Evan, plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. Evan Gray is a human being.
The Copia Museum was located in Napa, California, United States. It ceased operations in 2008.
Frazer Field is a sports venue in the United States owned by the University of Delaware. The home team of the Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team.
Daniel Bragg, known as Daniel, is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for Gold Coast United FC.
Ali Mombaini is a human being, whose name is Ali. He is a midfielder for Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
Samuel Goldwyn Films distributed the science fiction film No Men Beyond This Point, which originates from Canada. The original language of the film is English.
The Island Tower Sky Club is a skyscraper designed by the Takenaka Corporation in Fukuoka, Japan.
Pope's Flat is a river island in the Housatonic River, Connecticut, United States.
The Palisades, Edmonton, Canada, is a neighbourhood in the city of Edmonton. The Palisades is located in the city, and Wellington is a neighbouring city.
Doctor Sleep, a BBC production, stars Shirley Henderson, John Rogan and was edited by Niven Howie.
UTI Asset Management is a mutual fund business founded in Mumbai in 1964.
Carrie-Anne Moss and Andrew Airlie are both cast in the film Normal, which originated in Canada. The movie is made in English.
Miri Airport is the hub for Vision Air Malaysia which was a Malaysian airline dissolved in 2003.
The Battle of Port Louis was a naval battle fought on 11 December 1799 during the French Revolutionary Wars between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the French.
Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion is a 2005 book by Milton R Beychok. It is about atmospheric dispersion modeling.
Star Realms, a board game published by White Wizard Games, was developed by Darwin Kastle. It was published in 2014.
Plum High School (Plum Borough School District) is located in Pennsylvania, United States.
2001 Brasil Open (also known as 2001 Brasil Open - Men) was organized by Association of Tennis Professionals. It was followed by 2002 Brasil Open.
Stamford, Lincolnshire is a town in the United Kingdom.
The English language TV series Citizen Khan, which was created by Adil Ray, was first shown on BBC One. Shobu Kapoor stars in the series.
Kazan, Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic is the home of Kazan born Nailya Gilyazova. Kazan is in the Soviet Union.
The DSB Class EA is an electric locomotive class with a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement. It was made by Henschel & Son.
JQuery Mobile is a web framework that uses JavaScript. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License and the MIT License.
Persiss Sorong is an association football club in the Liga Indonesia Second Division based in Indonesia.
The United States is the origin of Mojave Moon, a film distributed by GK Films, with Alfred Molina as one of its stars. The director of photography for Mojave Moon was James Glennon.
Ettaler Manndl is a mountain in the Ammergau Alps in Bavaria, Germany.
Carrascosa de la Sierra is a municipality of Spain in the Province of Soria. It is bordered by Valtajeros.
The Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia describes chemical equilibrium as a technique. The main category of chemical equilibria is chemical equilibrium.
The reservoir, Maharana Pratap Sagar, is located in India, at the Pong dam.
Simon & Schuster published the novel Time and Again. It is written in English and has the main subject of time travel. The novel is set in New York City.
The Champion REIT, which was founded in 2006, is located in Hong Kong. Its main business is a real estate investment trust and it is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Bengo River is located in Angola, Bengo Province. It is a river that has a mouth in the Atlantic Ocean.
West Meadows Ice Arena is a sports venue in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, United States. The Chicago Hitmen are the occupants of the arena.
The Gable Mansion is located in California, United States. It is a building in the Renaissance Revival style.
The Brewmeister Brewery is located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom. The Brewmeister Brewery is in the brewing industry.
Aso Villa is an official residence in Abuja, Nigeria.
The TV series Programa Xuxa, which is a Portuguese language series, originated in Brazil. The original network for the series was Rede Globo.
Hyuna, who is affiliated with Cube Entertainment, began her career in 2008 and ended it in 2018. Hyuna is an affiliate of Cube Entertainment, which began in 2009.
Fernando Pérez de Traba is a member of the House of Traba and is married to Theresa, Countess of Portugal. He is the father of Teresa Fernández de Traba and Rodrigo Pérez de Traba is his brother.
The Beast is an English-language television series that premiered on 13 June 2001 and ended on 25 July 2001. It was broadcast by the American Broadcasting Company.
Yavi Department is located in Jujuy Province, Argentina. La Quiaca is the capital of Yavi Department.
CSI: Trilogy is a television show whose genre is crossover fiction. It originates from the United States and was originally broadcast on CBS.
Riggs Flat Lake is located in the United States in the state of Arizona.
The film Faust and Marguerite is a public domain copyrighted version of the opera Faust. It was made by the Star Film Company and originates from France.
The Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic is the location of Viimne reliikvia, which was made in Estonia. The film is distributed by Tallinnfilm.
WTT HK is a private company limited by shares owned by The Wharf (Holdings) and was succeeded by Hong Kong Broadband Network in 2019.
Debevoise & Plimpton is a New York City based law firm founded in 1931 by William Stevenson.
Fieldings Lake is in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Zurella was born in New Zealand on 25 September 2008 and is a female. Zabeel is her father.
The Civic Democratic Party leadership election of 2001 took place in Czech Republic. The party leader was contested.
The Grey Global Group is a marketing business founded on August 1, 1917 in New York City.
Rythme FM is a broadcast network and radio station that uses the French language. The station was founded in 1999.
Potomac Creek Bridge, a railway bridge, crosses Potomac Creek in Virginia, United States.
The Leslie Harrison Dam is located on the Tingalpa Creek in Queensland, Australia.
Ian Read was the Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer and his career began on December 5, 2010. He ended his career on January 1, 2019.
Clearfield Area Junior/Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The school is part of the Clearfield Area School District.
Kamiji Station was a train station in Japan that was opened on November 8, 1922 and closed on March 14th, 1985.
Watlow is a privately held company founded in 1922 in St Louis.
Percewood's Onagram is a rock and pop band from Germany that was formed in 1969.
Atlixco is a city in Mexico. The capital of Atlixco Municipality is Atlixco.
The Sigma SD14 is a digital single-lens reflex camera manufactured by Sigma Corporation. It was introduced in 2007.
MOL Enterprise is a container ship made by IHI Corporation in Togo and owned by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines.
Liahavichy Castle is located in Lyakhavichy, Belarus. It was founded by Jan Karol Chodkiewicz.
Leland I is a sculpture from the United States created by Lee Kelly and Bonnie Bronson.
The Marble Arch Caves are a show cave in County Fermanagh, United Kingdom. They were discovered in 1895.
Skindred is a heavy metal band from Newport, Wales. Their record label is Napalm Records and they have Benji Webbe as a member.
The Punk Chef, whose name is Scott Garthwaite, is a human with a hearing loss.
The Snohomish County Public Utility District is a business in Everett, Washington. It was established in 1949.
The headquarters of Hip Hing Construction, a business founded by Cheng Yu-tung in 1961, are located in Hong Kong.
Tamerna Djedida is a human settlement in Djamaâ District, in Algeria. It is located on the border with M'Rara.
The band Pickwick is from Seattle, United States. They play Indie rock and are a rock and pop band.
Valdosta High School is located in the Valdosta City School District in the state of Georgia, in the United States.
The newspaper General was founded in 1976. The newspaper is published in Malayalam and is a broadsheet format.
HyperACCESS is a Microsoft Windows operating system software which was created in 1985 by Hilgraeve.
The United States is the origin of Momentum ( 2015 film ) which was directed by Glen MacPherson. The film is based in Washington DC and is distributed by GoDigital.
North Charleston High School is in the Charleston County School District in South Carolina, United States.
The 2005 Kiso mayoral election was held in Japan, where the incumbent mayor was contested.
Lebanon, Kentucky is located in the United States. Lebanon is the capital of Marion County, Kentucky.
Stingaree ( 1934 film ) stars Lionel Belmore, Henry Stephenson and was directed by Leo Tover. It was executive produced by Pandro S Berman.
Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting is the original broadcaster of Ultraman Neos, which originated in Japan.
Gazelle is a video game industry software company founded in Japan in 1995.
Villa Costanza is a Palladian style villa veneta located in San Pietro in Cariano, Italy.
Founded in 1979, Merry Maids is a business in the service industry located in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House is located in the United States and has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rita Sullivan, a female character, is known by the name Rita. She is a character in Coronation Street.
Peter Schutz served as Chief Executive Officer of Porsche from 1981 until 1987.
Terang railway station is owned by VicTrack. It was opened on 23 April 1887 and is named after Terang. It serves the transport hub Terang.
The Boeing XB-56 is a proposed aircraft from the United States. It is a bomber.
Vijaydan Detha is a notable writer in the Rajasthani language and has won the Sahitya Akademi Award. His notable work is Batan Ri Phulwari.
The company Autograph Collection was founded in 2010 by Richard C Kessler and is located in Washington DC. The company is in the business of acquiring autographs.
L'Astronomie is a French language periodical literature that was created in 1883. Its main subject is Astronomy.
The College Tribune, which was founded in 1989, is a tabloid newspaper from the Republic of Ireland.
The River Waring is a river in Lincolnshire, United Kingdom. It flows into the River Bain.
The Koeye River is a watercourse in the province of British Columbia, Canada. It flows into the Pacific Ocean.
Susan Corrock is a human being who competed in alpine skiing at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Candover Investments is a business founded in 1980 in London. Candover Investments is traded on the London Stock Exchange.
Hollow Ground, a band that performs heavy metal music, is from South Shields, United Kingdom.
Villalba del Rey is a municipality in the province of Cuenca in Spain. The capital is Villalba del Rey.
The Gillespie Street-Clinton River Bridge, which crosses the Clinton River, is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aberdeen F.C. won the 1947 Scottish Cup Final at Hampden Park. Aberdeen F.C. also played in the final but they lost to Hibernian F.C.
Arammba is a Modern Language spoken in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.
Boudouaou District is one of the districts of Algeria. It is located in the Boumerdès Province and the capital is Boudouaou.
Society Stores Supermarkets is a privately held company founded in 2014 with its headquarters in Thika.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov was a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The 1989 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was held at Wankdorf Stadium. FC Barcelona, who won the competition, and U.C. Sampdoria also participated in the final.
WMVB is a radio station in Millville, New Jersey, United States.
The 1908 Wellington City mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections. The Mayor of Wellington was contested in Wellington in 1908.
Winthrop Jordan graduated from Clark University in 1957. He studied History and graduated with an MA.
Percy Lowe served as Curator of the Natural History Museum, London from 1919 to 1935.
Jos North is a local government area in Plateau State, Nigeria. The Jos North legislative council is the governing body of Jos North.
Chelsea FC won the 1998 Football League Cup Final, an association football match held at Wembley Stadium ( 1923 ) and contested by Chelsea FC.
Amar Rashid, known as Amar, is a human being who plays for the Unicorns cricket team. His bowling style is leg break.
The Sacagawea Heritage Trail is carried by the Interstate 182 Bridge, which is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation. The bridge carries the Interstate 182 over the Columbia River.
Blackfriars Road is located in the London Borough of Southwark in the United Kingdom. The road connects to Westminster Bridge Road.
Sea Princess is a cruise ship built by Fincantieri in Bermuda. Its home port is Monrovia.
DON Market is a retail business founded in Ohrid in 2007.
The picture book Shrek! was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The book's illustrator was William Steig.
Friedrich Wilhelm von Buxhoeveden, whose given name is Fyodor, was a member of the Buxhoeveden family. He was awarded the Order of the White Eagle in Poland. One of his sons was Peter von Buxhoeveden.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship is the organizer of UFC 42, a mixed martial arts sporting event which took place in the United States.
Sandneset Point is a peninsula and headland in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Elmira Free Academy is a high school in the Elmira City School District of New York, in the United States.
Hare Splitter is from the United States, and is part of the Merrie Melodies series. It was produced by Edward Selzer, and is written in the English language.
Carl Linnaeus the Younger wrote the Supplementum Plantarum which was published in Braunschweig on 1 April 1782.
The company Luxim was founded in 2000 and is located in Sunnyvale, California.
The Englebert Complex is a sports venue in the United States. Its opening date was in 1978 and the Toronto Blue Jays are the occupants.
The New Artists Alliance, a film industry business founded in 2007, is located in Los Angeles.
François Jacob won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1965. He shared this prize with Jacques Monod and also with Andre Michel Lwoff.
The Isaac H. Lionberger House is a building in the United States, designed by Henry Hobson Richardson in 1887.
Located in London, Slingshot Cartel is in the video game industry and was founded in 2016.
1994 Thriftway ATP Championships was organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was followed by the 1993 Thriftway ATP Championships and the 1995 Thriftway ATP Championships. 1994 Thriftway ATP Championships -- Singles was one of the events.
The business of Austin & Pickersgill was founded in 1954 in England. The company is in the shipbuilding industry.
Rusk County Airport is located in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States. It serves the transport hub of Ladysmith, Wisconsin.
Thursday Theatre is a television series which was first broadcast on 8 October 1964. It starred Rachel Gurney and John Sharp.
Galileo Galilei is the author of Sidereus Nuncius, from Italy. The book is in Latin and its main subject is Astronomy.
Maynard High School is a state school in the United States. It is located in the city of Maynard in Arkansas and is part of the Maynard School District.
Desert Strike was a single player video game for the Amiga and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was followed by Jungle Strike.
The Japan High School Baseball Federation (Japan) is a publicly-service corporation created in April 1, 2011. Its legal form is the Public Interest Incorporated Foundation.
The Estonian Shipping Company is a publicly traded company that was founded in Tallinn in 1991.
The Big Knights is an English language TV series that was broadcast on BBC One. Its original broadcast date was December 19, 1999 and it starred Morwenna Banks.
The French language film Mazeppa was directed by Bernard Zitzermann. The main subject of the film is the horse. The film originates from France.
The Air Kasai was founded in 1983 and its hub is at N'Dolo airport. The airline is based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The 1981 Bangladeshi presidential election was held in Bangladesh. The country's president was contested.
The Jungbu Expressway is a road in South Korea which was completed in 1987.
Sharpeville is a township in the Emfuleni Local Municipality of South Africa.
William Horsley, who was buried in Kensal Green Cemetery, had the following children: John Callcott Horsley, Charles Edward Horsley, and his student, Charles Edward Horsley.
Léopold Renouard was Governor of Crédit Foncier de France and began his career in 1877. He ended his career in 1878.
Bancannia Lake is in New South Wales, Australia.
The Art Front magazine was founded in 1934 in New York City, United States.
The Mississippi State Highway System, which is the system of Interstate 20 in Mississippi, is maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation. The highway system in Mississippi has a terminus at Alabama, and a total length of 1,070 miles.
Marshyhope Creek is a river in Maryland, in the United States. The creek flows into the Nanticoke River.
The 1964 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 3rd 1964. The election was held in the United States where the President of the United States was contested.
Putgarten is a municipality of Germany in the Vorpommern-Rügen administrative area.
El Horreya SC is an association football club based in Egypt. They play in the Egyptian Second Division.
The American Blimp MZ-3 is a ship built by American Blimp Corporation and is operated by the United States Navy.
La Garrovilla is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Spain. La Garrovilla is situated on the border with Torremayor.
The Wheelbarrow Mine is located in Latah County, Idaho, in the United States. The mine produces gold.
Manfalut is a city in the Asyut Governorate, Egypt.
Cypher in the Snow is a punk rock band from California, United States.
The Ted Lindsay Award, established in 2009, is a sports award for ice hockey. The award was created to replace the Lester B Pearson Award.
The Daily Dispatch is a newspaper from Henderson, North Carolina, in the United States. The newspaper is owned by the Paxton Media Group.
Moreton Bay Marine Park is a national park in Queensland, Australia. It was established in 1992.
Midrash Proverbs is a midrash book written in Hebrew, based on the Book of Proverbs.
The Qingdao Jiaozhou Bay tunnel is a road tunnel in China, the tunnel is opened on July 1st 2011, it has the terminus at Xihai'an.
Chakravyuh (2012 film) originates from India and is in Hindi. The film stars Manoj Bajpayee and Esha Gupta.
The Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong was founded by Jasper Tsang and is chaired by Starry Lee. The party's ideology is Chinese nationalism and its headquarters are located at King's Road, Hong Kong.
Rivercrest High School is a state school in the Rivercrest School District of Arkansas, United States.
Welikada, Sri Lanka, is a human settlement in Colombo District, Sri Lanka. Its border is with Rajagiriya.
Dundee United FC won the Scottish Cup Final 2010 in Hampden Park, after being defeated by Ross County FC.
Granada Reports, originally shown on ITV Granada, originated in England. The TV series is broadcast in English.
The Cinaruco River is in Colombia, and its mouth is in the Orinoco River. The Amazon basin is the drainage basin of the Cinaruco River.
Paris-Dakar Rally is a multiplayer video game developed by Acclaim Studios London and published by Acclaim Entertainment. The game is available for the PlayStation 2.
The Tata Telcoline, manufactured by Tata Motors, is a car model which was succeeded by the Tata Xenon.
Blount Island is a river island in the St Johns River, Florida, United States.
James Emerson Tennent was the Colonial Secretary of Ceylon from 29 November 1845 to 2 January 1851. He was succeeded by Charles Justin MacCarthy.
Jaunpils is a village in Jaunpils Parish, Latvia. The capital of Jaunpils Municipality is Jaunpils.
James May's Cars of the People is an English TV series from the United Kingdom that is distributed by BBC Worldwide.
Myrtos is a village on the island of Crete in the Ierapetra Municipality of Greece.
Located in Farmers Branch, Texas, Eyemart Express is a retail business founded in 1990.
Bobby Jindal graduated from the University of Oxford in England in 1994 with a Master of Letters degree.
Generalleutnant Werner von Bercken was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the German Cross in Gold.
The architectural firm Woods Bagot was founded in 1869 by E.J. Woods and is located in Australia.
Conduit Avenue is a thoroughfare in New York City, New York, United States, which is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation.
The Alliance of Women Directors is a film organization in the United States that was founded in 1997.
Trees Lounge, a New York City film, was directed by Lisa Rinzler. Seymour Cassel, Anthony LaPaglia and Anthony LaPaglia are among its cast.
The 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships was the sequel to the 2012 Dubai Tennis Championships. It was followed by the 2014 Dubai Tennis Championships. The 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (women) and the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (men) are all part of the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships.
Bear Island Lake is in Birch Lake, Minnesota, United States.
The Constituent National Assembly is the legislative term in South Korea, which was followed by the 2nd Legislative Assembly.
The 2015 Charlotte mayoral election was held on 3 November 2015 in Charlotte, United States. The election was held to elect a Mayor.
Mdlaw Megbi is an Eritrean Premier League association football club whose home ground is the Cicero Stadium.
Hainault tube station is located at West Ruislip station and is adjacent to Fairlop tube station. Hainault tube station is located towards Ealing Broadway station and is connected to the Central line of the London Underground.
Park Ridge High School is a high school in the Park Ridge Public Schools district. The school is located in New Jersey, United States.
Little Brewster Island is in or next to the Boston Harbor in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
Quadron is a rock and pop band from Copenhagen, that was formed in 2009. Their music genre is Indie pop.
Beijing Media Network, a television station founded in 1979, is located in the Beijing TV Centre. Beijing Media Network's main topic is Beijing Television.
The Austrian presidential election of 1965 was held on 23 May 1965. The country was won by Franz Jonas.
The Korean language film Mulberry, which was based on Na Do-hyang's novel, originates from South Korea. It was produced by Lee Tae-won.
Cheng Fung is an association football club that plays in the Liga de Elite. The home ground of Cheng Fung FC is Estadio Campo Desportivo.
The Transavia Corporation, a business founded in 1965, was headquartered in the City of Parramatta and dissolved in 1985.
Akihiko Hirata stars in the film The H-Man which originates from Japan. The film was originally released in English and the story takes place in Tokyo.
Castellana Caves are a show cave in Castellana Grotte, Italy. They were discovered in 1938.
Cimitarra Airport is located in Cimitarra, Santander Department, Colombia. The airport serves the transport hub of Cimitarra.
Brede House, designed by Andreas Kirkerup in the Neoclassical style, is part of the National Museum of Denmark. Brede House is a monument on the Kulturstyrelsen register.
The Demetian Mirror, written in English, was edited by Evan Watkin and published by John Cox. It was published in Aberystwyth.
Optimal Energy Joule, a business that was in operation from 2004 to 2012, is located in Cape Town.
Miss Earth Mexico 2012 was the 2012 edition of the beauty pageant Miss Earth Mexico.
Romelu Lukaku began his career on 13 May 2009 and retired on 18 August 2011. He played in the Belgian First Division A league where R.S.C. Anderlecht are a member.
The Iway Bridge, which is located in Providence, Rhode Island, is in the United States and it crosses the Providence River.
TKK Fried Chicken is a food industry founded on 20 July 1974 in New Taipei City.
The original Bengali language film, Prem Aamar, is from India. It was produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and written by Selvaraghavan.
Pavel Torgayev played for the Calgary Flames and currently plays for HC Fribourg-Gottéron in the National Hockey League.
Win Win Tint was born in Yangon in 1975. She is a female human.
Turbo Tape Games is a video game developer founded in 2008 in Bergen, in the video game industry.
The architect of Altira Macau, a hotel in Macau, China, was Wong Tung & Partners.
Alice Walker won the Lillian Smith Book Award for In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens in 1973. She also won the Lillian Smith Book Award in 1984.
Buck Lodge Middle School is located in Maryland, United States. The school is part of the Prince George's County Public Schools.
The Littlest Man Band is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 2003 and have Scott Klopfenstein as one of the band's members.
The Kirondatal Gold Mine is located in Tanzania and owned by Barrick Gold. It produces gold.
Jean-Pol Dubois stars in the film L'Autrichienne which was filmed in Paris. Catherine Erhardy and Jacques Saulnier were also in the production design team.
The Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation owns the stop at Tsing Shan Tsuen and it was opened on 18 September 1988. It is operated by the MTR Corporation and it is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
Fly Eye Records is a record label founded by Calvin Harris in the United Kingdom in 2009.
Honda Cars India, a subsidiary of the Honda Co., is in the automotive industry. Its headquarters are in Greater Noida, and it was founded in December 1995.
Raaj Kamal Films International is a business founded in 1981 in Chennai by Kamal Haasan.
Paris Mountain is a mountain in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, in the United States.
The FFB Stadium is located in Belmopan, Belize and is the home ground of the Belize national football team.
Musicadium is a Brisbane based company in the music industry that was founded in 2006.
Madeleine M. Joullié graduated from Simmons University in 1949 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry.
Lennox Berkeley and Benjamin Britten are the composers of the Suite Mont Juic which was first performed on 8 January 1938.
The Ben Gardane Airfield is located in Tunisia. It was created in 1943 and serves as an aerodrome.
Lawrence Heights is a neighbourhood in Ontario, Canada, which is bordered by Downsview.
Ankavandra Airport is in Ankavandra, Madagascar. It serves the transport hub of Ankavandra.
Ballybofey railway station is a train station in the Republic of Ireland which was opened on 3 June 1895 and closed on 15 December 1947.
The Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute (TsAGI) is an aviation industry institute founded by Nikolay Zhukovsky.
The 2019 Badminton Asia Junior Championships - Girls' doubles was held at the Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre in Suzhou. The event began on 20 July and ended on 28 July.
Masakazu Konishi is from Japan and won the 1990 International Prize for Biology in the field of Ethology.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in India owns National Highway 70 which is a road in India.
Batman: Gotham County Line is a limited series of comics featuring Batman. The book was written by Steve Niles and was followed by Batman and the Monster Men.
Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Joe Pantoliano are both cast in Wedding Daze. The filming location of the film was New York City and the executive producer was Fisher Stevens.
Boistfort Peak is a mountain in Washington state, in the United States, in the Willapa Hills range.
Roald Dahl wrote the short story Skin which was published in The New Yorker and was included in Skin and Other Stories.
The business of SouthWest Energy, a company in the petroleum industry, was founded in 2005 and is located in Ethiopia.
Rama Sithanen is a member of the Militant Socialist Movement and a Hindu. He was Vice Prime Minister of Mauritius.
Deportivo Santa Cecilia is an association football club from Nicaragua that play in the Tercera División de Nicaragua league.
Warrior is a TV series from Denmark, which was broadcast on TV 2. It was directed by Christoffer Boe.
Sportanlage an der Feldgerichtstrasse is a sports venue in Frankfurt, Germany. SC 1880 Frankfurt are the occupants of the Sportanlage.
The Devon Sharks, a rugby union team, were formed in 2006. They are based in the United Kingdom and play in the Rugby League.
Warren Beson was the Athletic Director of Carleton College from 1956 to 1959.
Darkeden is a video game that is available for Microsoft Windows and was released on January 3, 2008. Darkeden is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
Gokujyo is a Japanese TV series written by Maya Miyazaki. The voice actress for Gokujyo is Satomi Akesaka.
The Sixaola River is in Costa Rica and its mouth is the Caribbean Sea.
Hollywood Boulevard, named after Hollywood, is located in Los Angeles. It has the terminating point of Sunset Boulevard, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Hollywood Boulevard originates from Hollywood Hills West, Los Angeles.
Men of Honor, with Joshua Leonard and Dulé Hill as its stars, was filmed in Long Beach, California. Bill Cosby was the executive producer.
Albarka Air was an airline based in Nigeria. It was founded in 1999 and dissolved on 30 April 2007.
Eleanor cross is a monument in the United Kingdom which was founded by Edward I of England. The main subject of the cross is Eleanor of Castile.
Greenwell Street is a street in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. It is connected to Bolsover Street.
Night of the Wild is a 2015 television film directed by Eric Red and distributed by The Asylum.
Oasis Investment Company is a manufacturing company that was founded in 1971 in Dubai.
The tabletop role-playing game Apocalypse World was created by Vincent Baker and published by The Forge in 2010.
St Paul's tube station is located adjacent to Chancery Lane tube station which is on the Central line of the London Underground. Chancery Lane is a station on the Underground that is located towards West Ruislip station and Ealing Broadway station.
Discovery High School of Newton-Conover, part of the Newton-Conover City Schools district, is located in North Carolina, United States.
Waukon High School is in the Allamakee Community School District. It is located in the city of Waukon, Iowa, United States. Waukon High School is a high school in North America.
Dreamland Margate is an amusement park located in Margate, United Kingdom. It has a Dreamland Cinema.
The Ba'ath Party organized the Faith campaign that began in 1993 in Iraq.
The STS-135 mission's docking and berthing of spacecraft at the International Space Station began on 10 July 2011 and ended on 19 July 2011.
The band Rusty Moe is a rock band from Chennai, formed in 2008.
Herve Chapelier, a retail business founded in 1976, is located in Paris.
The Financial Post, a periodical literature, was founded in 1907 and is published in Canada. The Financial Post is part of the journalism industry.
Demon Strings is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom, which was founded in 2005. The band is from England.
The Warsaw Academy is located in the New York state, United States. Its architectural style is Greek Revival and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Puclaro Dam, created by Embalse Puclaro, is located on the Elqui River, in Chile.
Vladimir Putin was a participant at the World Economic Forum where he was President of Russia. He was in the Forum on 30 October 2001 and 3 October 2003.
Goliath Management is a New York City based business founded in 1998 by Paul Rosenberg.
Waheeda Rehman, who was married to Shashi Rekhi, started her career in 1955. She was awarded the Padma Shri in Arts and the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award.
Alexander Petrov, whose surname is Alexander, is a figure skater from Russia. He competed in the Dragon Trophy 2019 - senior men's singles.
Forkston Mountain is a mountain in the Appalachian Mountains of Pennsylvania, United States.
KColorEdit is a C++ program that is available as an application software. The operating system for KColorEdit is Linux and it is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Carnesville is a city in Franklin County, Georgia in the United States.
Mysteries of a Barbershop, which was originally shown in German, is from Germany. The cast includes Kurt Horwitz and Blandine Ebinger.
The Eagle Mine is located in Michigan, in the United States. The mine produces copper.
The Gazela is a museum ship located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Barings Bank is a public limited company in the finance industry founded by Sir Francis Baring, 1st Baronet. Barings Bank is located in London.
Likoma Airport is located in Likoma, Malawi in the Northern Region.
Potato waffle is a dish from the United Kingdom. It is made of potatoes.
Gondwana Records is based in Manchester. It was founded by Matthew Halsall and has the GoGo Penguin and Portico Quartet as members.
Founded in 1987, RagWing Aircraft Designs is a business in the aerospace industry with its headquarters in Belton, South Carolina.
The Liverpool International Tennis Tournament, which was created in 2002, is a tennis tournament played on a grass court.
MindGym is a video game published in 1996 in the United Kingdom. It is available for Microsoft Windows.
Chryseobacterium greenlandense (parent taxon Chryseobacterium) is a gram staining, Gram-negative bacteria.
Massillon Washington High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States. It is part of the massillon city school district.
Kdenlive is an operating system for Microsoft Windows and FreeBSD. It is written in C++ and uses the Qt GUI toolkit.
Kryvyi Rih, the capital of Kryvyi Rih Raion, was established on March 7, 1923. Kryvyi Rih Raion began on September 2, 1930 and ended on February 8, 1932.
The Welsh language TV series Fireman Sam, whose presenters include John Alderton, began on 26 December 1985 and is broadcast by S4C.
123rf is a stock photography business founded in 2005 in Chicago.
Malitel, a company in the mobile phone industry, is headquartered in Mali. Their parent organization is Sotelma.
The GMA Kapuso Foundation, founded by Mel Tiangco, has its headquarters in the GMA Network Center. The organization was founded in 1991.
Vice Squad, a German language TV series, originates from Germany and was broadcast on RTL.
Bud Thackery was the director of photography in Shadows of Tombstone. The film, produced by Republic Pictures, stars Julian Rivero and Richard Avonde.
AvtoRadio is a radio station in Russia that uses the Ukrainian language. It was established on April 5, 1993.
Arq Group was founded in 1996 by the University of Melbourne. Arq Group is a business located in Melbourne.
Innospec is a company located in the United States that does business on Nasdaq.
The 2018 Lampung gubernatorial election took place in Indonesia on 27 April 2018 to elect the Governor of Lampung.
Sodom Lake is located in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The ACF River Basin is the drainage basin of Riverview Dam, which is located on the Chattahoochee River in the United States.
The book Introduction to the Reading of Hegel, written by Alexandre Kojeva, comes from France and is a book on Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
The Heyworth Building, located in Illinois, United States, was designed by the architectural firm D.H. Burnham & Company.
The Red River is a tributary of the Cumberland River, in the United States. It flows into the Cumberland River basin.
Giovanni Pietro de Bono, a Dominican order member, is a Diocesan bishop of the Catholic Church.
Ron Rivest was awarded the Turing Award in 2002 along with Adi Shamir and Leonard Adleman.
Lesnoy Gorodok is a human settlement in Russia, the capital of which is Lesnoy Gorodok urban settlement.
Zumba Dance Fitness Party is a television series from India which is distributed by The Times Group. It is available in Hindi.
Highland Park High School is in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The school district is Saint Paul Public Schools.
The Luxgen U7 is a car model with a petrol engine and is a sport utility vehicle. It was manufactured by Luxgen.
The Mitteldeutsche Zeitung is a daily newspaper and a periodical literature created in 1946. Its editor is Alfred Neven DuMont.
Joan Sebastian won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Banda Album for her album Afortunado in 2003. Sebastian also won the award for Best Banda Album in 2006.
Bateman Park is a sports venue in British Columbia, Canada. The University of the Fraser Valley is the occupant of the Bateman Park.
Carl Schotten, a human being, studied at Leipzig University and his doctoral advisor was Ferdinand Tiemann.
Tiffin City School District is the school district of Columbian High School, a state school located in Tiffin, Ohio, United States.
Mohamed Amin Didi was the President of the Maldives from January 1st, 1953 to August 21st, 1953. He was succeeded by Ibrahim Muhammad Didi.
Michel Friedman graduated from Goethe University Frankfurt with a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 2010. He was doctoral advisor Klaus-Jürgen Grün.
Perry Park is a stadium in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The occupants of Perry Park are Brisbane Strikers FC.
Sheila Birtles, aka Sheila Birtles, is a fictional character from Coronation Street. Sheila Birtles is a female character in the TV series.
Petteri Taalas graduated from the University of Helsinki in 1993 with a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Meteorology.
Cockspur Island is located in the Fort Pulaski National Monument in Georgia, United States.
Sweden was in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.
The Park Dinor is a diner in the United States designed by the architects of the Silk City Diners. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Turi Pandolfini and Luigi Pavese are both stars in Legs of Gold, which was filmed in Apulia. The production designer of Legs of Gold was Piero Filippone.
Newton-Conover High School is located in Newton-Conover City Schools in North Carolina, United States.
Xiangyun Airport is located in Xiangyun County, China. It serves China's transport hub.
Laaksonen, or Laaksonen (written in Latin script), is a Finnish surname.
Arabic is the language of Talfaza Jaya which is from Tunisia. It stars Jamel Sassi and Hichem Rostom.
Son Tae-jin, who was educated at Dankook University, was a Taekwondo competitor at the 2008 Summer Olympics. His sport is Human.
The John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge is located in New Jersey, United States. The bridge crosses the Raritan River.
The James Gamble House is in the United States and has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bates Island is located in or next to Lake Chaubunagungamaug, in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.
Bo Jackson Baseball, designed by Scott Orr, is a multiplayer video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System and DOS.
The Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in North Dakota, in the United States. It is categorized as an IUCN Category IV habitat/species management area.
Thomas Habinek graduated from Princeton University in 1975 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. His academic major was Classics.
Suzuki Cervo is a car model manufactured by Suzuki and is a follow up to the Suzuki Fronte.
Upper Harker Lake is in Kidder County, North Dakota, United States.
Cabo Rojo Airport is located in Pedernales, Dominican Republic. The airport is served by the transport hub of Pedernales.
Parivartana is from India and Telugu is the language spoken in it. It stars Ramana Reddy and Chadalavada Kutumba Rao.
Ranchview High School is located in Irving, Texas, United States. The school is part of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District.
The company IP Systems is in the energy industry and was founded in 2008. The company is headquartered in Budapest.
The Horns of Elfland is written in English and was edited by Delia Sherman and Ellen Kushner. It is published by Roc Books.
The Wailoa River State Recreation Area is a landform on the island of Hawaii, United States.
Sweden Super League is a sports league in rugby league that began in 2010.
The Miner River is a river in New Zealand, flowing into the Roding River. The Miner River is located in the Tasman District.
Sneaker is a pop rock band from the United States. The band was formed in Los Angeles.
The Michigan Every Three Weekly, a newspaper published in Ann Arbor, Michigan, is from the United States.
The single player video game Salammbo: Battle for Carthage, which is based on the novel Salammbo, was developed by Cryo Interactive.
Pelagos is a village in the Tripoli Municipality, Greece. It is situated on the Peloponnese.
Bruce Chizen was the Chief Executive Officer of Adobe Inc. from 2000 to 2007.
David Cahill directed the TV episode "Thunder on Sycamore Street" which was first broadcast on 23 July 1960 in English.
Beaufort railway station in Victoria, owned by VicTrack, opened on 11 August 1874. The station was closed on 27 May 1994 and the adjacent Wendouree railway station is also located there.
TRT Türk is a journalistic company in Turkey. TRT Türk headquarters are located in Ankara and the parent organization is Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.
The Smith River National Recreation Area is located in California, in the United States. It is categorized as a protected landscape and its IUCN categorization is V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
Samara, in the Samara Oblast, is in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, in the Soviet Union. Sergei Gunko was born in Samara.
MJ Gleeson, a company that trades on the London Stock Exchange, was founded in 1903 and is located in Fleet, Hampshire. The company's main business is the manufacture of ice cream.
The Sisters is an 1860 oil on canvas painting by James Collinson.
Manawatu rugby league team compete in New Zealand's Rugby League competition and were founded in 1957.
RCN Radio is a radio network in Colombia which was founded in 1949. French is the language used in RCN Radio.
Gunsight Lake is a glacial lake in the United States. It is located in the state of Idaho.
Lydia Sargent and Juliet Schor founded South End Press in Boston. The press is named after South End, Boston.
The action thriller Shagird was made in India in Hindi and distributed by Reliance Entertainment.
The International MXT-MV was designed by Navistar International in the United States. It entered service in 2006.
The public company Yiynova was founded in Taipei in 2008.
National Spot Exchange was founded in 2005 and is located in Mumbai. The company provides a service in the economics industry.
Karla Rothstein graduated from the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation in 1992 with a Master's Degree in Architecture.
The company Automatix, founded by Victor Scheinman in January 1980, is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. It is a business that provides software for the production of web sites.
The Northeastern High School (in the district of Northeastern York School District) is located in Manchester, Pennsylvania, United States.
Tuesday Morning, a Dallas based company, was founded in 1974. The company is in the business of selling stock on Nasdaq.
Saint Wenna was a queen of the Celtic Britons and the Welsh people. She speaks Cornish and the Welsh language.
The Fourposter is a play written by Jan de Hartog, that was first performed at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre on 24 October 1951.
Newman and Baddiel in Pieces is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom. The series was a television comedy that originally aired on BBC Two.
Flea Market Music, a company in the publishing industry, was founded in 1992.
Francofonia is a French language film from the Netherlands. The director of photography is Bruno Delbonnel.
Nuremberg North is a federal electoral district in Bavaria, Germany. Sebastian Brehm was the successful candidate.
The Honda CBX550F is a four-stroke engine motorcycle model made by Honda. It is part of the Honda CB series.
The 2006 Dubai Tennis Championships were tennis tournaments. It was preceded by the 2005 Dubai Tennis Championships, followed by the 2007 Dubai Tennis Championships. The Dubai Tennis Championships included the 2006 Dubai ATP tournament.
The People for Successful Corean Reunification is a Korean reunification organization with headquarters in Seoul, North Korea.
The 1980 Ottawa municipal election was held in Ottawa, Canada. The election was held to elect a Member of Ottawa City Council.
The Borghese Collection was founded by Scipione Borghese. It is part of Galleria Borghese and is part of the Louvre. Its main category is Galleria Borghese.
Sondika is in Greater Bilbao, Spain. It is a municipality that shares borders with Zamudio.
Goguac Lake is in Calhoun County, Michigan, in the United States.
The Empress of Blandings is a fictional pig that was created by P.G. Wodehouse. Lord Emsworth owns the Empress of Blandings. The Empress is a female pig.
Neo is an international auxiliary language created by Arturo Alfandari in 1961.
The airline Azza Transport was founded in 1993 and has Khartoum International Airport as its hub. The company is based in Sudan.
Guido Maria Casullo was a Territorial Prelate of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zé Doca. He was a Territorial Prelate from 20 December 1965 to 13 October 1983.
The Jackson Lake Lodge is located in Grand Teton National Park. It has the rustic style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
Banca Carim, located in Rimini, is a financial services company. Its legal form is Società per azioni. Its parent organization is Crédit Agricole Italia.
The Taganrog Palace of Youth is a tourist attraction in Taganrog, Russia. Its architectural style is Constructivism.
Vittorio Mezzogiorno stars in the Italian language film Stunt Squad. The film is from Italy and is set in Emilia-Romagna.
The Bellarmine Knights are a university and college sports club that represent Bellarmine University in the United States.
Brighto Paints, a privately held company founded in 1973, is headquartered in Lahore.
Ice hockey is one of the sports played in the Italian Hockey League which was founded in 1935. The league is based in Italy and the league's season starts in September.
The Tula de Allende Cathedral is located in the city of Tula de Allende, Mexico. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tula.
Elektroprivreda HZ HB is a public company founded in Mostar on August 28, 1992.
The Ninja Warriors ( 1994 video game ) is a single-player video game developed by Natsume and published by Taito. It is available for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Georgia State Stadium, which replaced Turner Field, is the home ground of the Georgia State Panthers football team and American football. Its official opening date is 18 August 2017.
The Odelouca River is in Faro District, Portugal. It flows into the Arade River.
The Prince Ali Stadium in Jordan is used for association football and the occupant is Mansheyat Bani Hasan.
Governador Island is located in the Guanabara Bay, in the municipality of Ilha do Governador, Brazil.
The Pratt & Whitney Canada PW100 is a turboprop aircraft engine. It is manufactured by Pratt & Whitney Canada.
Lewis Leathers, a London based business established in 1892, is still a company.
Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs is part of the NBA Live video game series. It was developed by Electronic Arts and published by Electronic Arts. The series is devoted to basketball.
The 1872 Danish Folketing election was held on 20 September 1872 in Denmark. It was a parliamentary election. The election was contested by a member of the Folketing.
Monroe Area High School is a high school in the Walton County School District. It is located in the state of Georgia, United States.
Holy Name Cathedral is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville, Ohio, United States.
The municipal flag of Buenos Aires, Argentina, was created on 28 September 1995.
The Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences is a learned society in the field of humanities located in Ottawa, Canada.
Homi K. Bhabha, influenced by Frantz Fanon, is married to Jacqueline Bhabha and is an English speaker and an employee of Harvard University.
The bronze sculpture Bison was created in 1902 by Rudolf Siemering and depicts the Bison.
William Inge wrote the play Come Back, Little Sheba which was first performed at the Westport Country Playhouse in the United States.
Auto racing is the sport competed in in the 2018 Euroformula Open Championship. The championship began on April 14th and ended on October 21st.
Jackson Creek (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a river that flows into Lake Ontario.
Miley Cyrus, who plays electric guitar, is influenced by Dolly Parton. She is also the sister of Brandi Cyrus and speaks English.
The Coldest Winter Ever is written in English, published by Pocket Books, and is set in New York City. The book was followed by Midnight and the Meaning of Love.
The Ford Torino Talladega is a car model manufactured by Ford Motor Company. It is named after the Talladega Superspeedway.
Kamaran is an island in the Red Sea, located in the Kamaran District of Yemen.
The NRC School, which was founded in 1950, is affiliated with the Secondary School Certificate and is part of the University of India.
Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp was Prime Minister of Sweden from 19 June 1936 until 28 September 1936. Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp was a member of the Centre Party in Sweden.
Saint Edward State Park is located in Kenmore, Washington, United States. The St. Edward Seminary is part of the park.
The Bees is a science fiction horror film distributed by New World Pictures. It was originally broadcast in English.
Amalgamated Dynamics, a company founded by Tom Woodruff Jr, was founded in 1988. The company is located in Los Angeles and is in the business of manufacturing and selling specialised equipment.
Ace Metrix is a company founded in Mountain View, California in 2007.
Bossangoa is a city in the Central African Republic. The capital of the country is Ouham.
Packet Design is a United States company that produces networking hardware. The company was founded in 2003.
The Kinsale Sevens, a rugby union competition, was founded in 1998 and is part of the Sports League.
The Arizona Cardinals and the Arizona State Sun Devils football team are the occupants of Sun Devil Stadium. The architect of the Sun Devil Stadium was Edward L. Varney Associates.
Lake Tairutu is in the Northland region of New Zealand.
The Qingdao University Gymnasium is an arena in Qingdao, China. The occupants of the arena are the Qingdao Eagles.
Eston Kohver, a human being, is the name given to Eston Kohver, a person in Lefortovo Prison.
Gnangara Road, part of State Route 84, is located in Western Australia.
Trees and Undergrowth is a series of landscape paintings created by Vincent van Gogh. The final assembly of the series was in Paris.
Smixi is a human settlement in the Grevena Municipality, Western Macedonia, Greece.
Sergio D'Offizi was the director of photography for Light Blast. The film originates from Italy and is from the United States. The language of the film is Italian.
Slender Rising 2 is a single-player video game for iOS, released on January 16, 2014.
Celtix is free software that is written in Java and is available on Java virtual machine. It is released under the Eclipse Public License.
Suminter India Organics is a private company that was founded in 2003 and is located in Mumbai.
Odense Sports Park is located in Odense, Denmark. The Odense Isstadion and Odense Sports Park are part of the same sports venue.
The United States is the location of the Metro City Bank which was founded in 2014. The company is in the finance industry.
PC Building Simulator is a simulation video game for Microsoft Windows, distributed via GOG.com.
The company SpeedWeed, founded in 2011, is located in Los Angeles.
The Slana River is located in the United States in the state of Alaska. The Slana River is a tributary of the Copper River.
George Woodcock is a human being who speaks English. He won a Guggenheim Fellowship.
The Mascarene crow is endemic to the Mascarene islands and is a vulnerable species. Its parent taxon is Euploea.
Sharif Bey was born in Pittsburgh in 1974. He is a human being.
The Little River is a tributary of the Big River in Maine, United States. It flows into Merrimack River.
The Ohikanui River flows into the Buller River, New Zealand. It is located in West Coast, New Zealand.
The Grand Enchantment Trail is a hiking trail in the United States that offers a view on the Sonoran Desert. It has its terminus in Phoenix, Arizona.
Molasses is a comedy film from Egypt. The film is originally shown in Arabic.
The Wyoming Department of Transportation is the maintainer of Interstate 80 in Wyoming, which has a state highway system in Wyoming. The highways in Wyoming are maintained by the Department of Transportation. The state highways in Wyoming include Interstate 80 which has a terminus at U.S. Route 189 and a final destination at Nebraska.
Idea Jalsa, a Hindi TV show, originated in India and was shown on Zee TV.
The White Sewing Machine Company, founded by Thomas White, produces home appliances. The company is owned by the parent organization Electrolux.
Dubai Airports Company, a fixed base operator in the business sector, was founded in 2008. Its headquarters are located in Dubai.
The Intelsat VA F-12, a communications satellite, was launched on September 28, 1985, using the Atlas G rocket.
Conestoga Township is in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, U.S. It is located in or next to the body of water known as Pequea Creek.
Dutton Cars is an automotive manufacturer founded in 1969 in Littlehampton.
The Portrait of Charles V with a Dog depicts Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, with a Dogo.
Joseph Maguire graduated from Manhattan College with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1969. He graduated from Manhattan College in June 1974.
2016 Dubai Tennis Championships includes the 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships for men and 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships for women. 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships (men) and 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships (women) are both part of the 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships. 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships was a follow up to the 2015 Dubai Tennis Championships and was followed by the 2017 Dubai Tennis Championships.
The Descriptive Catalogue is a book written by William Blake that was published in 1809. The book is in the public domain.
Pauline Hoarau is a New York City resident whose given name is Pauline. She is a human being.
Parkdean Resorts is owned by Onex Corporation. The company was founded in 2015 and is in the tourism industry.
WWJZ is a radio station in Mount Holly, New Jersey, United States.
Richwood High School is a high school in the Ouachita Parish School Board district in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.
KUBC is a radio station located in Montrose, Colorado, United States.
The company, Group Nine Media, was founded in New York City in 2016.
Indonesian is the language of the film Garuda di Dadaku which was made in Indonesia. The main subject of the film is Association football and the film was edited by Cesa David Luckmansyah.
The Gothic style Graceland Cemetery Chapel is located in Avoca, Iowa, United States.
Janq'u Qullu is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It is located in the La Paz Department.
Stavanger RK, a rugby union sports club in Norway, was founded in 1978.
Brigadier Ambrose are an alternative rock band from Chatham, Kent. The band was formed in 2006.
Daniel B Cid founded Sucuri in Menifee, California, in 2010. The company offers services in the business area.
Lucille Hutton was born in Indiana. She is a woman and a human.
Schola Antiqua, Madrid is a rock and pop band from Spain. They were founded in 1984 by Laurentino Sáenz de Buruaga.
The MacArthur Causeway is a bridge in the United States that crosses Biscayne Bay and is maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation.
Simferopol in the Crimean Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic is the birthplace of Andrei Sergeyev. Simferopol is in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union is the country of origin of the Bisnovat SK-1 which was first flown in January 1939. The Bisnovat SK-1 is a subclass of aircraft made by Matus Bisnovat.
Lake Letas is a lake in Vanuatu, it is a Tentative World Heritage Site.
The Lock Up is a business founded in Northbrook, Illinois in 1976. Its headquarters are located in Northfield, Illinois.
Granger High School (Granger, Texas, United States) is part of the Granger Independent School District.
Brentford Dock is a marina in the United Kingdom, situated on the River Thames in Brentford.
The Stoa of Eumenes, named after Eumenes II, is a Hellenistic style building from ancient Greece. It is a listed archaeological site in Greece.
Hindle Wakes is a play by Stanley Houghton, that originates in the United Kingdom. The play is set in Lancashire.
The film Veeraana is from the Maldives and was released in 2010. It was directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu.
Barbara Asher Ayisi, a member of the Ghana Education Service, was the head teacher from 2003 to 2006.
You Should Be So Lucky, a BBC television show, began on 19 February 1986 and ended on 11 February 1987.
Enfidaville Airfield is located in Enfidha, Tunisia. The airfield was established in 1943.
Dalzavod is a company in the shipbuilding industry that was created in 2011 and located at Svetlanskaya Street.
Groovesect is a rock and pop band from New Orleans, United States. The band was formed in 2006.
Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop is a Hindi TV show from India. It is distributed by Viacom 18.
Thiene Cathedral is located in Thiene, Italy and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Padua. The cathedral building is a church.
The Freedom of the Press Foundation in the United States was founded by Rainey Reitman on December 17, 2012. It is a nonprofit organization.
Wine to Water, a business founded by Doc Hendley, is located in Boone, North Carolina and was founded in 2003.
Mount Rodica is located in the Julian Alps, in the country of Slovenia.
Papa Grows Funk, a rock and pop band, is from the United States. They have Russell Batiste Jr. as a member and their genre is Funk music.
The DeSoto Diplomat is a car model from the United States that was manufactured by the DeSoto Co.
The Setting Net Lake mine is located in Ontario, Canada. It produces molybdenum.
The Old City Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is a museum in the United States. The architect is William Strickland.
Wallaby Team of the Decade is a competition in the sport of rugby union. The Wallaby Team comes from Australia.
Jianggan District is located in Hangzhou, China. It contains the Sijiqing, Hangzhou.
The animated series, Spartakus and the Sun Beneath the Sea, which was created by Nina Wolmark, originates from France 2 and is shown in France.
The Morell River, in the Republic of Ireland, flows into the Irish Sea. Its tributary is the Painestown River.
White Irish Drinkers was filmed in New York City, Brooklyn, United States. Geoffrey Wigdor stars in the film.
Abdelouahed Souhail graduated from University of Hassan II Casablanca in 1967 with a Licentiate degree. The University of Hassan II Casablanca is in the academic major of Economy.
The business of La Quinta Inns & Suites, a hotel industry company, was founded in 1968 and is located in Irving, Texas.
The Bad Kids was produced by Keith Fulton in the United States, and the English language is the language spoken. The director of photography was Louis Pepe.
Boing Boing is a group blog founded by Mark Frauenfelder in 1995 and located in the United States.
The Leonard P Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge is maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. It carries Interstate 93 and crosses the Charles River. It was opened on 20 December 2003.
Eric D. Walrond, born Eric, Afro-Guyanese, was awarded the William E. Harmon Foundation Award for Distinguished Achievement Among Negroes. Eric D. Walrond's place of burial was Abney Park Cemetery.
Costanzo I Sforza, of the House of Sforza, was married to Camilla Marzano d'Aragona. Costanzo I Sforza is an Italian speaker and his son was called Giovanni Sforza.
Dancing Trees originates from Canada, is made in English and starred Brooke Burns.
Dunkin' Donuts is a gastronomy industry company founded by William Rosenberg and whose parent organization is Dunkin' Brands. Dunkin' Donuts is publicly traded on Nasdaq.
WPCL is a radio station located in Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania, United States.
Nikitas Platis and Katerina Yioulaki are both stars. My Friend Lefterakis was made in Greece and directed by Nikos Dimopoulos.
The Winning Way is a 2011 book written by Harsha Bhogle about cricket.
The Journal of Ethnobiology is a periodical literature which was established in 1981 in Flagstaff, Arizona and is published in English.
Meigs High School is a state school in the Meigs Local School District located in Pomeroy, Ohio, United States.
The Bonnie Castle Recreation Center is a sports venue located in the Watertown Wolves borough of New York, United States.
Lester Wire, born in Salt Lake City, was a human and is buried in Salt Lake City Cemetery.
Lake Poukawa is located in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.
Udine Castle, in Udine, Italy, is an art museum with Renaissance architecture.
Midnight Peacocks is an alternative metal band from Tel Aviv that was formed in 2004.
Manresa Road is a street in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, United Kingdom. It is connected to King's Road.
Seizin Press in Spain was founded by Laura Riding in 1927.
The Gulfstream G550 is an executive transport aircraft model made by Gulfstream Aerospace. It is a subclass of the Gulfstream G500/G550 family.
Christiane Amanpour graduated from the University of Rhode Island in 1983 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. She then went on to earn a master's degree in journalism.
The National Newark Building is a skyscraper in Newark, United States. It was designed by the architects John H. & Wilson C. Ely and was completed in 1931.
Oleksandr Svystunov was born in Yalta, Crimean Oblast, in the Soviet Union. Yalta is located within the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Karuzi is a human settlement in the Karuzi Province of Burundi. The capital of the Karuzi Province is Karuzi.
Tai Tong Road stop, which is operated by MTR Corporation, is owned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. The stop was opened on September 18, 1988 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
RT Aerostats Systems is in the Aerospace industry and was founded in 1996 in Yavne.
Cape Coral High School is in the School District of Lee County, Florida, United States.
Agordat Airport, named after Agordat, is located in Eritrea and serves the transport hub of Agordat.
The BSAT-2c, a communications satellite, was launched on 11 June 2003 using the Ariane 5 rocket.
Troy Peak is a mountain in the Grant Range of Nevada, United States.
Wood Lane tube station is located adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station on the Circle line of the London Underground. Shepherd's Bush Market tube station is connected to Hammersmith & City line.
Produced by Ciro Ippolito and Vittorio Cecchi Gori, Ciao , Professore ! was filmed in Apulia. The original Italian language is spoken in the film.
The Night That Panicked America was originally shown on American Broadcasting Company. It was distributed by Paramount Television, originated in the United States, and was shown in English.
Olympique Lyonnais and FC Metz were the winners of the 1996 Coupe de la Ligue Final, which was held at the Parc des Princes.
Queenscliff Low Light is located in Victoria, Australia. The lighthouse was erected in 1863.
The Beta News Agency, founded in 1992, is a news media company in Serbia.
The Madonna dell'Udienza is a marble sculpture created by Antonello Gagini in 1515.
The British Weights and Measures Association, founded in 1995, is an advocacy group for Metrication in the United Kingdom.
Dean Koontz, a student at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, is a human being described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
The Freedom Quilting Bee is a United States based collective that was founded by Lucy Mingo. It is different from Quilts of Gee's Bend.
The Lost House is a silent film from the United States. It was distributed by Mutual Film and is in the public domain.
The Streymin Bridge, in the Faroe Islands, crosses the Sundini river and was opened on 30 October 1973.
Portland Energy Conservation is a business founded in 1979 in Portland, Oregon.
Rushland station, a train station in the United States, was opened in 1891 and closed in 1952.
Ghatal Rabindra Satabarsiki Mahavidyalaya in India is affiliated with Vidyasagar University. The school was established in 1961.
MarVista Entertainment is the production company of Love Always, Santa, which originates from the United States. The original language of the film is English and it was distributed by Hallmark Movies & Mysteries.
Poonch is the capital of Poonch district in India. It is a human settlement.
The company RSRCHXchange is a financial technology company that was founded in 2014.
The 1976 All England Open Badminton Championships, which was held at the Wembley Arena in London, started on 24 March 1976 and ended on 28 March 1976.
Sergey Kiriyenko, a member of the Independent politician party, was the head of government of Russia from 23 March 1998 to 23 August 1998.
The comedy horror genre science fiction film Redneck Zombies was produced by Troma Entertainment and is available in English.
Manchester United FC and Sheffield Wednesday FC were the winners of the 1991 Football League Cup Final. The final was played at Wembley Stadium ( 1923 ) and was won by Sheffield Wednesday FC.
The New England Wild Flower Society is a nonprofit organization with the legal form of a Voluntary Association located in Framingham, Massachusetts, United States.
The Greek language film Stratos originates from Greece. It stars Vangelis Mourikis and was produced by Christos V. Konstantakopoulos.
The Ramsauer Ache is a river in Bavaria, Germany. Its tributary is the Bischofswieser Ache.
Hung Shing Yeh Beach is located on Lamma Island, Hong Kong, China.
North Bergen High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It is part of the North Bergen School District.
The Sam Shing stop is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It was opened on 2 February 1992 and is connected to the MTR Light Rail Route 505.
London Griffins are a rugby league team from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 2005. They compete in the rugby union competition.
Onda Latina is a television channel in Italian that was created in 2009. It is owned by the Gruppo Editoriale GEDI.
The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was part of the Year-End Championships and was organized by the Women's Tennis Association. The event was held in Nusa Dua.
The film Sugar Daddies, starring Noah Young, was edited by Richard C Currier. The director of photography was George Stevens and Edna Marion was also a cast member.
John Mearsheimer graduated from Cornell University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree in 1981 under the doctoral advisor Richard Rosecrance.
The skyscraper 50 Kennedy Plaza in the United States was designed by HOK and completed in 1985.
Gravine Island is a river island in the Tensaw River, in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
The Idaho House of Representatives is the lower house of the U.S. state legislature and is located in Boise, Idaho, United States. It includes a member of the Idaho House of Representatives.
The occupant of the Qazakh City Stadium is the Azerbaijani football club Göyazan Qazakh FK. The stadium is located in Qazax, Azerbaijan.
O du eselhafter Peierl is a musical composition written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1788, in F major.
The non-departmental public body Cadw was established in 1984 in Wales, United Kingdom.
The Fidelity and Deposit Company was founded by Edwin Warfield in 1890. The company is a trust company headquartered in Baltimore.
Mind Field, created by Michael Stevens (educational) and produced by The Intellectual Property Corporation, is based on the English language.
MTH Electric Trains (founded in 1980) is a business located in Columbia, Maryland.
Villa General Roca is a locality in Argentina where the capital is the Belgrano Department, San Luis.
Johnsonburg Area High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. The school is part of the Johnsonburg Area School District.
The main topic of Wildgall is the mountain Wildgall which is part of the Rieserferner Group in Italy.
The Sikorsky S-42 is a US flying boat, designed by Igor Sikorsky. It was manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft.
Halat Nuaim is a human settlement in the Persian Gulf, part of Bahrain.
Vista High School is a state school in Lynwood, California, United States. The school is part of the Lynwood Unified School District.
Hadley Bay is a waterway in Canada, located in the administrative territory of Nunavut. It is a tributary of the Nanook River.
Pawtuckaway State Park is in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. It is categorized as a protected landscape/seascape by IUCN.
Ludwig van Beethoven wrote String Quartet No. 6 in B-flat major, published in 1801.
Battambang Cathedral is located in Battambang, Cambodia. Its significance is the demolition of the cathedral.
Netpulse, a United States company founded by Tom Proulx, is in the business of providing web services. The company was founded in 2001.
The Children of Maria Morales, from Mexico, is based on the Spanish language. Its director of photography is Ignacio Torres, and its cast includes Pedro Infante.
The Clark-Blackwell House is a single-family detached home in the architectural style of Victorian architecture located in Muscatine, Iowa, United States.
The English language is spoken in Cooked ( TV series )'s original form. The series, which is based on Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation, began airing on 19 February 2016.
Fort McMurray International Airport, located in Alberta, Canada, is served by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo.
The company Sony Professional Solutions was founded in 1978 in Basingstoke.
Vladimir Burtsev was born in Ufa, Orenburg Governorate, in the Russian Empire. Ufa is located in the Ufa Uyezd.
Transoxiana, a historical region of Central Asia, is described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Tigermilk is a rock and pop band from Santiago, founded in 2006. The band performs experimental music.
South Delhi Lok Sabha constituency is located in Delhi, India and its chairperson is Ramesh Kumar.
Milaca is a city in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, United States.
A Christmas Horror Story is a Christmas film from Canada. It was produced in English and distributed by RLJE Films.
The play Tumhari Amrita was first performed at the Prithvi Theatre in 1992. It is written by Javed Siddiqui.
Graham High School is located in North Carolina in the United States. It is part of the Alamance-Burlington School System.
DarXabre is a video game industry company founded in 2001 in the Netherlands.
Popatopolis is from the United States, and was originally shown in English. Monique Parent and Jim Wynorski starred in the film.
Quemchi Airport, which is named after Quemchi, is located in Chile. The airport serves the transport hub of Quemchi.
Sundaram is a theatre troupe in India founded by Manoj Mitra. The company's headquarters are in Kolkata.
The Krestovka river is a tributary of the Middle Nevka River, which flows into Neva Bay, Russia.
The National Highway 333A is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in India. It is a road in India.
The Prime Minister of Ethiopia is contested in the 2020 Ethiopian general election.
The New South Wales X200 class is a diesel-mechanical locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways and has a standard gauge railway.
The Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge was designed by Santiago Calatrava and was inaugurated in 2012. It is named after Margaret Hunt Hill.
Founded in 1973, Deckers Outdoor Corporation is a joint-stock company. Its stock is traded on Nasdaq and a subsidiary is Hoka One One.
Deoghar Airport, located in Jharkhand, India, serves the transport hub of Deoghar.
Raleigh is a town in Smith County, Mississippi, United States. The capital of Smith County is Raleigh.
NEMO Equipment, a sports equipment producer founded in 2002, is located in Dover, New Hampshire.
The Hualapai Mountains are located in the United States in the Arizona Territory. The highest point of the Hualapai Mountains is Hualapai Peak.
Instiki is a wiki software written in Ruby and licensed under the GNU General Public License. Instiki is available for the Ruby on Rails platform.
Laolong is a town in Longchuan County, Guangdong, China.
The Pro is a limited series of comics written by Garth Ennis and published in 2002. It was colored by Paul Mounts.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is a higher education institution in Swiss Cottage. It was founded by Elsie Fogerty and is part of the University of London.
The Return of Count Yorga is from the United States, and was originally shown in English. It was directed by Bill Butler and starred Roger Perry.
Valerian Albanov was born in Ufa, Ufa Uyezd, Ufa Governorate, Russian Empire.
County Route 526 is a road in New Jersey, United States.
The 20th Lambda Literary Awards, presented by the Lambda Literary Award, were published in 2008.
The Deutsch Group in the arms industry was founded in 1938. Its headquarters are located in New York state. The business is now in liquidation.
Big Yellow Group, founded in 1998, is a business based in Bagshot that is traded on the London Stock Exchange.
Shaquem Griffin was awarded the NCAA Inspiration Award in 2019, alongside Maggie Nichols. The award was preceded by Jim Kelly.
Deputatsky airport is located in Yakutia, Russia and serves the transport hub of Deputatsky.
The film She's Gotta Have It, directed by Ernest Dickerson, was edited by Spike Lee. The film's production designer was Wynn Thomas and the story is set in Brooklyn.
Weston-McEwen High School is located in Oregon, United States. It is part of the Athena Weston School District.
Yichun District is located in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China. Dongsheng Subdistrict is an administrative division of Yichun District.
The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series - Mixed Doubles began on 20 November 2012 and is held in Hong Kong at the Hong Kong Coliseum.
The Big Chapel is a book written by Thomas Kilroy, published in 1971, that tells the story of the Republic of Ireland.
A Class Act, a musical theatre, is about Michael Bennett. It was written by Edward Kleban, the composer, and the lyrics are by Edward Kleban.
Vilakku Vacha Nerathula is a TV series from Tamil Nadu. It was directed by C Ranganathan and written by K Bhagyaraj.
Umpire High School is a state school in the Cossatot River School District in the state of Arkansas in the United States.
Woodville High School is located in Woodville, Texas, United States. The Woodville Independent School District is the school's school district.
MIC, founded in 1999, is in the real estate development business. MIC has its headquarters in Moscow.
Simon of the Desert, from Mexico, was awarded the Grand Jury Prize (Venice Film Festival). The film's director was Gabriel Figueroa and the editor was Carlos Savage.
Digi TV is a telecommunications industry company founded in 2004 in Bucharest.
The 1912 United States presidential election in Ohio was held on November 5, 1912 and was contested by the President of the United States.
Gomosto is a human settlement in West Achaea, Peloponnese, Greece.
The University Park Campus School is a high school in the United States that was established in 1997. The school is part of the Worcester Public Schools district.
Pioneer Kitchenware is a manufacturing company in Tema, founded on July 11th, 1957.
Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation is a business in the field of e-learning that was founded in 2001. The headquarters of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation is in Pune.
G. David Tilman, from the United States, won the Balzan Prize in 2014 for his work in Ecology.
Malesia is a dish of East Timor and Malaysia. The Malay Peninsula and Malay Archipelago are part of Malesia.
Busselton Margaret River Airport, located in Busselton, Western Australia, is a hub airport for the city.
The film Love Now, Pay Later was edited by Herbert Taschner and starred Harry Hardt. It was directed by Georg Krause. Edith Schultze-Westrum was also in the cast.
Lake Elmo is a lake in Washington County, Minnesota, in the United States. The lake is located within Lake Elmo Regional Park.
Canoe Lake (Barnard Creek) is found in Ontario, Canada.
UFC 98 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Otjiwarongo Airport is located in Otjiwarongo, Namibia. It serves the transport hub of Otjiwarongo. The airport is named after Otjiwarongo.
Ramjee Chandran founded Explocity, a company in Bangalore, in 1989. The company offers business services.
Fuze is a privately held company founded in 2006 in Boston.
The Klotsche Center, constructed in 1977, is a multi-purpose hall in the United States. The current occupant is the Milwaukee Panthers.
The Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is a financial services company with headquarters in San Diego, in the United States.
The Whitgift Foundation is a non-profit organisation founded by John Whitgift in the United Kingdom.
Paradise Cafe is a TV series from the U.K., broadcast on the CBBC TV channel. It was directed by Danny Mulheron.
River Valley High School is located in Bidwell, Ohio, U.S.A. It is part of the Gallia County Local School District.
Claudia Mo was a resident of British Hong Kong, a country which was started on 18 January 1957 and ended on 30 June 1997.
The bassist Michael Bishop is a member of the band Gwar which is from the United States. This is a list of Gwar members.
The Raccoons is from the United Kingdom. The creator of the Raccoons is Kevin Gillis and the original language is English.
The 1957 Romanian legislative election was held on 3 February 1957. The country of Romania had a member of the Chamber of Deputies.
Woodridge High School is located in the Woodridge Local School District in Ohio, United States. It is a state school.
INFORM is a non-profit organization founded in 1988 by Eileen Barker and headquartered at the London School of Economics.
Tidjane Thiam graduated from INSEAD in 1986 with a master of business administration. Tidjane Thiam finished his studies at INSEAD in 1988.
NorthSouth Productions is a company in the United States that offers marketing services. The company is headquartered in New York City.
WCWV is a radio station in Summersville, West Virginia, United States.
Colin Chapman designed the Lotus 63, a racing car for the sport of motorsport. The Lotus 63 is manufactured by Lotus Cars.
Telechron is a United States company in the electric clock industry. The company was founded in 1912.
Medfield High School is a secondary school in Medfield, Massachusetts, United States. Medfield High School is part of the Medfield Public Schools district.
Bolwar Mahammad Kunhi is a human being whose notable work is Swatantryada Ota. He writes in Kannada.
Vitoria S.C. were the participating team in the 2011 Taca de Portugal Final which was won by FC Porto. The final took place on 22 May 2011 at Estadio Nacional.
Piercefield House is located in the United Kingdom and was designed by the architect John Soane. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Colin Kaepernick graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno with a Bachelor of Science degree in Management. He graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno in December 2010.
Huron High School, which is located in Ohio, United States, is part of the Huron City School District. It is a state school.
Ateyyat El Abnoudy graduated from Cairo University in 1963 with a Licentiate degree in Law.
GeekDad is a website founded by Chris Anderson on March 15, 2007.
Leicester Square tube station is located next to Charing Cross tube station, which is on the Northern line. Charing Cross tube station is located towards Kennington tube station and Morden tube station.
Mahendra Morang Adarsh Multiple Campus, Biratnagar, Nepal was established in 1955 and is affiliated to Tribhuvan University.
Masashi Hamauzu is the composer of The Alliance Alive, a video game for the Nintendo 3DS. The game was released in Japan.
Valkyrie plass is a station on the Common Tunnel line. It was opened on 28 June 1928 and closed on 1985. The station is located next to the Nationaltheatret.
Lev Gor'kov graduated from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology with a doctorate in physics and mathematics. Lev Gor'kov's field of work is solid-state physics and his doctoral advisor was Lev Landau.
The Suevia was a ship built in 1874 by Caird & Company, in Germany.
Navigant Consulting, founded in 1983, is a Chicago based business that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Tzohar is a voluntary organization that was founded in 1995 in Israel.
The Brunel University African Poetry Prize was founded in 2012 by Bernardine Evaristo. It is sponsored by Brunel University London.
EyeToy: Play 3 is a video game in the EyeToy series developed by SIE London Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
The Outdoor Channel is a television channel owned by Kroenke Sports & Entertainment. It was founded in 1994 and its stock is traded on the Nasdaq.
The newspaper Epigram is from the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1988 and has a Compact newspaper format.
The Fokin government was preceded by the Government Masol-Fokin. Vitold Fokin is the chairman and Leonid Kravchuk is a member of the government.
The Climax is an illustration created in 1893 by Aubrey Beardsley. It is part of the Aestheticism movement.
The BMT Jamaica Line and the J/Z (New York City Subway service) are connected to Marcy Avenue station, which was opened on June 25th, 1888.
Philip Tilden, born in Chartwell, was educated at Bedales School. Philip Tilden is a human being.
The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is a rugby union sports team from the United States.
Kaiafas Lake is found in the Peloponnese in Greece.
The BMW Z9 is a concept car manufactured by BMW. The Z9 was introduced in 1950.
Round Lake is in Delta County, Michigan, United States.
The Kadalur Point Lighthouse is located in Kerala, India. It was put in service in 1909.
The Gordon Bennett Cup is a recurring sporting event in hot air ballooning. It was founded by James Gordon Bennett Jr. on 30 September 1906.
The Rialto Theatre in Tucson, Arizona was designed in the architectural style of Art Nouveau by William and Alexander Curlett and opened in 1922. It is a music venue.
Kamurobamura-e is a comedy film from Japan. It stars Takako Matsu and Toshiyuki Nishida.
The river Burla is in Romania and its mouth is in the Sitna. The tributary to the river Burla is the Valea lui Hurjui River.
The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg is located in Manitoba, Canada. The 1999 Pan American Games were one of the significant events there.
The main topic of Wugong Mountains is Wugong Mountain, which is part of the Luoxiao Mountains in China.
Kalai Arasi is from India and is made in Tamil. It stars M.G. Ramachandran and P.S. Veerappa.
Hamilton High School (Anza, California) is part of the Hemet Unified School District and is a state school located in the city of Anza, California, United States.
Green Island is a river island in the Rideau River, Ontario, Canada.
Por estas calles is a Spanish language TV series created by Ibsen Martinez that ended in 1994.
County Route 545 is a road in New Jersey, United States.
The New York Jazz Repertory Company is a jazz band from New York City, United States. It was founded by George Wein.
Andi Mattalata Stadium in South Sulawesi, Indonesia is a multi-purpose stadium that is occupied by PSM Makassar.
The Daily Iowegian was founded in 1864 and is published in broadsheet and is owned by CNHI.
The Red Note Ensemble is a musical ensemble that was founded in the United Kingdom in 2008. Their musical genre is performing arts.
Emerald Lake is a glacial lake in Idaho, in the United States.
KROA is a radio station in Grand Island, Nebraska, United States.
South Lancashire is a Vice County in England, in the United Kingdom, which is located in Great Britain.
The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best is a reality TV show from the United States. It was produced by Richard Branson.
William Nicholas Selig produced the silent film Perils of the Jungle which originates from the United States. The film is now in the public domain.
East 233rd Street, in the Bronx, New York State, is a thoroughfare, which is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation in the United States.
Odyssey Academy is a high school in Rochester, New York, United States. It is part of the Greece Central School District.
Per Granberg founded the record label Birdnest Records in Sweden in 1980.
Lake Meridian is a lake in King County, Washington, in the United States.
The Golden Touch was produced by The Walt Disney Company in the United States. It was originally released by United Artists and was made in English.
The Mystery Creek Events Centre is in Hamilton, New Zealand. Parachute music is the occupant of the Mystery Creek Events Centre.
Oliver is a software program for the Vocaloid 3 platform. Oliver was created on 21 December 2011.
Carl Stephens Ell, who began in 1940, was the chairperson of Northeastern University. He was a president of the university from 1940 to 1959.
The Punakitere River is in the Northland region of New Zealand. Its tributary is the Otaua River.
Wing Commander Willie Read, born in the UK, was educated at Jesus College in Cambridge. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
The Singaporeans First party in Singapore was founded on May 25, 2014 and the secretary general is Tan Jee Say.
Tanglewood Island is a town in Pierce County, Washington, United States. It is located in Puget Sound.
London Motors, a company in the form of a corporation, is located in London, Ontario. The company was founded in 1921 and is the manufacturer of automobiles.
Toronto Book Awards (established in 1974) is a literary award from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Basilica of Santa Maria a Pugliano is located in Ercolano, Italy. It is a minor basilica in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples.
The Kolob Reservoir is located in Utah, United States.
Marx Dormoy, whose father was Jean Dormoy, is a member of the French National Assembly. He speaks French.
Pika Peak is a mountain in the Slate Range, Alberta, Canada.
Wendell Berry graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1957 with a master of arts degree in English studies.
The United States is the location of Chandalar Lake, a lake in Alaska.
Nuestra Belleza Estado de Mexico 2012 is the Mexicana Universal Estado de Mexico beauty pageant.
Souvenir is a 1989 film from the United Kingdom which stars Christopher Cazenove and Amélie Pick. Souvenir ( 1989 film ) is made in English.
Elizabeth Chu Richter graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1974 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Architecture.
Homer Row is a street in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. It is located at the intersection with Shouldham Street.
Crown Equipment Corporation, a forklift manufacturer founded in 1945, is located in New Bremen, Ohio.
The Slammer is a TV series from the United Kingdom, it was broadcast on BBC One and has 3 series.
The Torrens Island Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located on Torrens Island, South Australia.
Kenji Waki, a human being, was a student of Kazukiyo Takashima. He was awarded the Shogi Medal of Honor.
Hancock High School is in Hancock County School District in Mississippi, United States.
Jaqueline Orth was born in Bad Hersfeld on 10 February 1993. She is a woman and human.
The Shougang Gymnasium, located in Beijing, China, is an arena where the Beijing Ducks are the occupants.
Cascade Mountain is located in the Adirondack Mountains in New York state, United States.
Reelfoot Lake State Park is a Tennessee State Park, in the United States. The park is located in the state of Tennessee and is protected by IUCN in the category of Protected Landscape/Seascape.
The Mata River, which is in New Zealand, has the Aorangiwai River as a tributary and the Ihungia River as one of its tributaries.
The occupant of the Preussen-Stadion an der Malteserstrasse is BFC Preussen. The stadium is located in Berlin, Germany and is a soccer-specific stadium.
Tonkin was a French protectorate in French Indochina. Hanoi is the capital of Tonkin where Vietnamese is spoken.
State Highway 54 is part of the state highway system in Kerala, India. It is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
The book Kane was written in English in the United States. The book is illustrated by Jeffrey Catherine Jones.
Rayne High School is a high school in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. The Acadia Parish School Board is the school district for Rayne High School.
Brassel Mountain is a mountain in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland, part of MacGillycuddy's Reeks.
Isaac Reckitt founded Reckitt and Sons in 1840. The company is located in Kingston upon Hull and is in business.
The Crocker Range National Park in Malaysia was established in 1984. It is categorized as a National Park and is IUCN Category II.
The Experimental Cinema of the Philippines is owned by the Government of the Philippines, is located in Manila and was founded in 1982. The company's main business is the production of experimental cinema.
The Arts House is an architectural structure designed by George Drumgoole Coleman in Singapore. The Arts House is listed in the National Monuments of Singapore.
Serengeti International Airport, an aerodrome serving the Serengeti National Park, is located in Serengeti District, Tanzania.
HA&W, a limited liability partnership in Atlanta, was founded in 1952.
The German language is used in the publication of Rheinischer Merkur, which is a periodical literature from Germany. The editor is Wolfgang Bergsdorf.
Thomas Reiter began working for the European Space Agency in 2011. He is a Director in the European Space Agency, which includes human spaceflight.
The Battle of Grahamstown took place on 22 April 1819 in Makhanda, Eastern Cape, where the United Kingdom participated.
Thudaka Peak is a mountain in the Thudaka Range, located in British Columbia, Canada.
David M. Schwarz Architects is a privately held company founded in 1976 by David M. Schwarz.
The Bolshaya Martayka River is a river in Russia, a tributary of the Vels River. The river flows into the Volga Basin.
Big Bear High School is a state school in California, in the United States. It is part of the Bear Valley Unified School District.
The Last Weekend is a TV drama series from the United Kingdom based in England.
Kazuma Kamachi is a human being who wrote A Certain Magical Index in Japanese.
Redstone Creek is a river in Pennsylvania, United States. Redstone Creek ( Pennsylvania ) is part of the Monongahela River basin.
The Great Adventuress was made by Felsom Film. It is a German language film which has Heinrich Schroth as one of its stars. Its director of photography is Otto Kanturek.
The Eastern Province Kings competed in the 2011 season in rugby union.
Burlingame High School (Kansas) is in Burlingame, Kansas, United States and is part of the Burlingame USD 454 school district.
Stuart Alexander & Co. Pty Ltd is a company that was founded in 1884 and is located in Ultimo, New South Wales.
The national coat of arms of Switzerland was created in 1889.
Scott S. Sheppard discovered Skoll ( moon ) on January 5, 2006. It is one of the moons of Saturn and is named after Sköll.
The Riverfront station is an adjacent station to Donelson station which is connected to the Nashville and Eastern Railroad line. The station is also connected to the Music City Star service. Donelson station is located towards Lebanon station (Tennessee).
S.V. Nishan 42 is an association football club based in Meerzorg Stadion. They play in the SVB Topklasse league.
The MBCGame StarCraft League, an e-sport competition in StarCraft, was created in 2002 and is based in South Korea.
Howard Island is located in the Arafura Sea, East Arnhem region of Australia.
GN Bouw Stadion is a soccer-specific stadium in Dordrecht, Netherlands. It is the home ground of FC Dordrecht.
Rogue Wave Software is a software company which was founded in 1989 in Louisville, Colorado.
Hamlet RK, a rugby union team from Denmark, was founded in 1981.
Gidde Palema, born 9 April 1995, is a harness racing competitor who won the Oslo Grand Prix.
Algernon Charles Swinburne wrote Songs before Sunrise which was published in 1871. The book is in the public domain.
The Eiksund Tunnel, which carries Norwegian County Road 653, was opened on 23 February 2008. It is operated by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration.
The Kyrgyzata Botanical Reserve is a protected area of Kyrgyzstan. It was established in 1975 and belongs to the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
The Cessna NGP is a subclass of aircraft manufactured by Cessna. Its first flight was on June 23, 2006.
Belton High School in Belton, Texas is part of the Belton Independent School District in the United States.
The General Motors manufactured Oldsmobile Toronado is a car model that was succeeded by the Oldsmobile Aurora.
Gwanda is a city in Zimbabwe, in Gwanda District, which is the capital of Matabeleland South Province.
Cervelle de canut, containing fromage frais, is a cheese spread from France.
Bukhansan National Park was established in 1983 in South Korea. The park is categorized as a protected landscape/seascape by the IUCN.
Mancunians RL is a rugby union team in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 2009. They play in Rugby league.
Red Love was produced by Rosa von Praunheim and originated in Germany. The director of photography is Mike Kuchar and the language spoken is German.
The Rove Tunnel is a canal tunnel in Marseille, France. Its terminus is at L'Estaque.
The band Decoder is a rock and pop band whose members are Mark Caro and Mark Williams. The duo was formed in Bristol and their genre is drum and bass.
Jody Pijper stars in the TV series Chucklewood Critters, which originates from the Netherlands. The original language of the series is Dutch.
Rila National Park, established in 1992, is located in Bulgaria. It is categorized as a National Park and is part of the IUCN category II.
Cotton Center High School is located in Cotton Center, Texas, United States. It is part of the Cotton Center Independent School District.
The Belan River is in the Belan River Valley, Uttar Pradesh, India.
7de Laan, which is a South African TV series, was produced by SABC 2 and is based in South Africa.
Bennison Island is located in Corner Inlet, Victoria, Australia.
Jan Floreins Altarpiece was created by Hans Memling and is made from panel, oil paint and is part of the Early Netherlandish painting movement.
The USS Augusta (LCS-34) is a US Independence class littoral combat ship, built by Austal USA.
Lady Irwin College, India, affiliated to the University of Delhi, was established in 1932.
The third season of Top Gear Australia, a television series from Australia, was broadcast on the Nine Network.
Conboy Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in Washington state, United States. The IUCN protected area is categorized as a "Habitat/Species Management Area".
Henry Mainwaring was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford. He started at Brasenose College, Oxford on 27 April 1599 and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree there on 15 July 1602.
The Smoke-Free Air Act, which comes under the jurisdiction of New Jersey, is from the United States. It was passed on April 15, 2006.
Forgiato Wheels is an automotive industry company that was founded in 2006.
Ueda Electric Railway Bessho Line is operated by Ueda Kotsu and has a 3ft 6 in gauge railway. It is connected to the Shinano Railway Line and its terminus is Ueda Station (Nagano).
Naivasha Stadium is in the city of Nairobi, Kenya. The occupant of the stadium is Vegpro FC.
The Jericho Diamond Mine is located in Canada in the administrative territory of Nunavut. It is included in the list of diamond mines.
Two in Revolt originates from the United States and is produced by Samuel J Briskin. The English language is the language of the film and the director of photography is Jack MacKenzie.
The 2016 Vojvodina provincial election was held in Serbia on 16 May 2016 and was contested by the Prime Minister of Serbia.
Rainbow is a joint-stock company founded by Iginio Straffi in Loreto, Marche. The company's parent organization is Viacom International Media Networks Italia.
Kinepolis is a cinema chain founded in 1997 in Brussels. Kinepolis Hasselt is part of the chain.
Bionda Castana is a shoe company founded in London in 2006.
Peter Diamond won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2010 along with Dale T. Mortensen and Christopher A. Pissarides.
The Southern Company, which owns Nicor, was founded in 1856. The company is located in Atlanta and is in the business of producing and selling natural gas.
The Naval Aircraft Factory TS was a fighter biplane manufactured by the Naval Aircraft Factory and retired in 1929.
Two Shots Fired is from Argentina where Spanish is spoken. It stars Walter Jakob and Fabián Arenillas.
The Miami Canal originates from Lake Okeechobee and is located in Florida, United States.
Axe Cop, which is a webcomic, was created in December 2009. Axe Cop is a TV series, which is a derivative of Axe Cop.
Vark is a food that originates from India and is made from silver and metal leaf.
The editor of Alternate Wars is Martin H. Greenberg and Bantam Spectra published it. The book is the sequel to Alternate Heroes and was followed by Alternate Americas.
The Heidsee is a lake in the Grisons in Switzerland.
The M6 motorway in the Republic of Ireland was opened in 2006. It is a road that ends at Kinnegad.
The architect of the State Farm Stadium was Peter Eisenman. The stadium, which is used for American football, was designed by the structural engineer Walter P Moore and was opened on August 1, 2006.
Bobbio Cathedral is a co-cathedral in Bobbio, Italy. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio.
Arandis Airport is located in Arandis, Namibia. The airport is named after the transport hub of Arandis, Namibia.
Maisamma IPS was made in India in Telugu language. It was produced by Dasari Narayana Rao and its director of photography was T. Surendra Reddy.
Longfeng District (China) is located in Daqing and has Xinghua Subdistrict as an administrative subdistrict.
The architect of the Reims Opera House in France is Alphonse Gosset. The building is an example of Art Deco.
Homer Drew graduated from Washington University in St. Louis in 1968 with a Master of Arts degree in Education.
The 2002 California State Assembly election was held in the U.S.A. and was won by Herb Wesson.
The United Theological College in Bangalore, India, was established in 1910. The College is affiliated with the Senate of Serampore College University and is also a seminary.
Amritlal Vegad won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2004 for Saundaryani Nadi Narmada.
The British Motor Corporation manufactured the Wolseley 4/50 car model. It was succeeded by the Wolseley 4/44. Wolseley 4/50 is manufactured by Wolseley Motors.
Nuts Entertainment is a Philippine TV series created by GMA Network. The series originated in the Philippines.
French is the native language of Audrey Arno, who sings pop music and uses her voice.
The Five Chinese Brothers is written in English and published by G.P. Putnam's Sons. It was illustrated by Kurt Wiese and has the cover art by Kurt Wiese.
Veslesmeden is a mountain in Rondane National Park, Dovre, Norway.
Splish Splash is a water park located on Long Island, New York, United States.
Queen Elizabeth II Bridge , Belfast is located in the United Kingdom and is named after Elizabeth II. The Queen Elizabeth II Bridge is a road bridge that crosses the River Lagan.
The American Polar Society was founded in 1934 by August Howard in the United States. The American Polar Society is a learned society.
The Cockerham Vicarage, a clergy house designed by Edmund Sharpe, is located in Cockerham, United Kingdom.
Hankavan is a village in Kotayk Province, Armenia, where the Armenian language is spoken.
Sheenagh Pugh is a human being who worked at the University of Glasgow. She won the Cholmondeley Award and was described by Obalky knih.cz.
EPA Larnaca FC won the Cypriot First Division in 1944-45 and 1945-46.
The 1993 Israeli presidential election was held in Israel on 31 July 1993. The incumbent President of Israel was contested in this election.
UFC 70 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place in the United States.
South Wind is one of the notable works written by Norman Douglas. His father is John Sholto Douglass and he wrote in English.
Nuttin' but Love, produced by Teddy Riley, is a part of the album series of Heavy D & The Boyz. It was released in the United States. Nothing but Love is a different song.
Larry McMurtry graduated from Rice University in 1960 with an academic degree in English Studies. He graduated with a Master of Arts degree.
Toe Rag Studios is a recording studio founded in 1991 by record producer Liam Watson located in London.
Olga Broumas graduated from the University of Oregon in 1973 with a Master of Fine Arts degree in Creative Writing.
Leeds Rhinos Women are a rugby league team based in the UK. The team also competes in rugby union.
Bantam Lake is located in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The lake is in the Housatonic River basin.
The papyrus Oxyrhynchus 69 is in the collection of the University of Chicago Oriental Institute. It was written in Ancient Greek and is published in Oxyrhynchus Papyri.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a Hindi movie from India. It was produced by Prakash Jha and distributed by ALTBalaji.
The Pirate Party of Catalonia is a candidate in the 2012 Catalan regional election. The election was held in Catalonia, which is followed by the 2010 Catalan regional election and the 2015 Catalonia regional election.
Dynamo Balashikha is an ice hockey team that was founded in 2010. Their home arena is the Balashikha Arena.
The 2014 American League Wild Card Game, which was part of the 2014 Major League Baseball season, was held at Kauffman Stadium. It featured the Oakland Athletics and included the Extra Innings video game.
Frederick Delius composed Sea Drift, a musical composition that was published in 1904. The composition is in the public domain.
An Anna Blume, a public domain poem, was written by Kurt Schwitters and published in 1919.
ISTAF Indoor, a sport of athletics, is competed in indoor athletics. It was created in 2014 and is located in Germany.
The teen film My Little Bride originates from South Korea and was directed by Seo Jeong-min. The film's original language is Korean.
Yamaltransstroy is a transport company that was founded in Moscow in 1985. Its legal form is open joint-stock company.
The Bellunes Alps, which are located in Italy, are part of the Venetian Prealps mountain range. The highest point of the Bellunes Alps is Col Nudo.
Elle Girl is a New York City fashion magazine which was founded in 2001.
The Kind Diet, written by Alicia Silverstone, is a book about Veganism published in 2009.
The Tin Wing stop is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It was opened on March 26, 1995 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 751P.
The Asian Highway Network includes the AH87, which is a road in Turkey.
Beecher High School is located in Beecher, Illinois, United States. The school is part of the Beecher Community Unit School District 200U.
The Dakota Access Pipeline, owned by Energy Transfer Partners, has its start point at Stanley, North Dakota and its destination is Patoka, Illinois.
The Polyvinyl Record Co. is a record label based in the United States. It was founded by Matt Lunsford in 1995.
The Long Bridge is a railway bridge that spans the Potomac River in Washington D.C., United States.
The band El Rio Trio is a rockabilly band from Amsterdam. Their record label is Tombstone Records.
The Wellington City Council is the maintainer of Molesworth Street, Thorndon, Wellington, New Zealand.
The French language film Clando is from Cameroon and France. The director of photography for Clando is Nurith Aviv.
Hellfire Warrior, a video game for the TRS-80, was published in 1980 in the United States.
Women's Home Industries is a company that was founded in 1947 in London.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, founded by Henry Oscar Houghton, is headquartered in Boston. They produce software and own Living Books.
Baeza Cathedral is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaen and was designed in the Renaissance style by the architect, Andres de Vandelvira.
The Central Freeway, part of the state highways in California, is located in San Francisco and its terminus is Octavia Boulevard.
Didone is an Italian-language opera with a music score by Francesco Cavalli and a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello.
Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha is a Telugu language romance film from India. The film was produced by 14 Reels Entertainment.
The band Warm Ghost is a rock and pop band from New York City, United States. They were formed in 2011.
Gwoza is a local government area in Borno State, Nigeria. Its legislative council is the Gwoza legislative council.
Gitega Airport, named after Gitega, is in Burundi. It serves the transport hub of Gitega.
UFC Fight Night: Almeida vs. Garbrandt is a mixed martial arts sporting event, organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, that took place in the United States.
Medi Bayreuth is the occupant of the Oberfrankenhalle, a building located in Bayreuth, Germany.
The novel Battlefield Earth, written in English, was published by Bridge Publications. The book originates from the United States, and is about the fictional planet Earth.
The Planetario di Milano, designed by Piero Portaluppi and named after Ulrico Hoepli, is in the Italian National Heritage.
Fourche Creek is a river in the United States, located in the state of Arkansas. The Arkansas River is the drainage basin for Fourche Creek.
The Leonel Viera Bridge, made of concrete, is located in La Barra, Uruguay.
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in India owns National Highway 326 in India. This is a road system in India.
The Limavady Railway, which is located in Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom, was opened on 29 December 1852 and its terminus is at Limavady Junction railway station.
The Sibley Railroad Bridge, which crosses the Missouri River, is located in Missouri, in the United States.
Founded in 1996, PayPoint is a business located in Welwyn Garden City and is traded on the London Stock Exchange.
The Tycannah Creek is a river in Australia, its mouth is the Mehi River. One of its tributaries is the Brigalow Creek.
City Riots are an Australian rock and pop band, formed in Adelaide in 2005.
Harvest Moon: Back to Nature is part of the Story of Seasons series. It was developed by Victor Interactive Software. The CERO rating for the game is A (all ages) and the ESRB rating is everyone.
Isabelle Adjani won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress in 1975 for The Story of Adele H.
Hancock Field, served by Santa Maria, California, is an air base in the United States. The air base was dismantled in 1959.
The director of photography for Les Grands Ducs is Eduardo Serra. The filming location is Lyon and stars Florence Geanty and Clotilde Courau.
Dina bint Abdul-Hamid is married to Hussein of Jordan. She is a member of the Hashemites family and uses the English language. She is the mother of Princess Alia bint Hussein.
The Krylov Peninsula is located in the Antarctic Treaty area and is named after Aleksey Krylov.
Antalya FM is a radio station in Turkey, which was established in 1994. The station is based in Antalya.
Conneaut Lake High School is a high school in Pennsylvania, United States. The school is part of the Conneaut School District.
Floating Life, which is from Australia, originated from English. The film's director of photography was Dion Beebe and Anthony Brandon Wong starred in the film.
Christmas Album ( Boney M. album ) was produced by Frank Farian, is the same as Christmas album and was released by Hansa Records. Little Drummer Boy is a track on the album.
The Chagres National Park in Panama was established in 1985. It is a national park in the IUCN category II.
Frutillar Airport is located in Frutillar, Chile. Frutillar is the transport hub for the airport.
Sorted is an English TV series created by Danny Brocklehurst. It was broadcast on BBC HD and ended on August 22, 2006.
Maasina Fulfulde is a modern language that is indigenous to Mali.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship is the organizer of UFC 62, a mixed martial arts sporting event, which took place in the United States.
Tauranga Airport is located in Tauranga, New Zealand. The airport serves the transport hub of Tauranga.
Robert R McCrae graduated from Michigan State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1971. Philosophy is one of the academic majors of the university.
General Officer Samuel Meyers Mills Jr, whose name is Samuel, is a human being in the United States Army.
