Mackenzie Crook is a voice actor in the miniseries "Watership Down."
Abi Olajuwon stands at a height of 193 centimeters.
The website for Launchpad has an Alexa rank of 7321.
Columbine, Colorado has an elevation of 1,688 meters above sea level.
Sharon Dahlonega Bush is on the focus list of the Wikimedia project WikiProject African diaspora.
The video game Tekken features a narrative location in Italy.
Vincent Cassel won the César Award for Best Actor.
The watershed area of the Steina, a tributary of the Schwalm river, is 20.497 square kilometers.
The Porte d'Italie station on the Paris Métro has 2 platform tracks.
San Jose, California, is twinned with the city of Veracruz.
Jean-Léon Gérôme was a teacher to Alexandre Bloch.
Sam Nujoma Stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,300 people.
The Grenoble Institute of Technology has a subsidiary called the Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Saga Prefectural Road and Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 19.
Pierre Desloges had hearing loss.
The "Dungeon Master's Guide" was inspired by Stanley G. Weinbaum.
Charterhouse Square connects with Carthusian Street.
Boris Morukov was a crew member of the space shuttle mission STS-106.
Alfonso Osorio was a candidate in the 1982 Spanish general election.
HMHS Dover Castle had a speed of 14 knots.
Paul Muldoon's archives are held at the Leeds University Library.
Leo II, a dwarf galaxy, has a right ascension of +168.36721 degrees.
The 2011 Commonwealth of Independent States Cup had an attendance of 40,800 spectators.
The Ventotene Lighthouse has a range of 15 nautical miles.
Luis Medina Cantalejo was the referee for the 2009 Copa del Rey Final.
India's inflation rate is 10.6 percent.
Connor Freff Cochran illustrated the novel "Titan" by Varley.
The film "Cole" has an aspect ratio of 2.35:1.
Air India operates the Airbus A320 family.
Vladimir Kuzmin has a website account on Mail.Ru.
The LNWR Class G2A runs on a standard-gauge railway.
Jeffery Amherst, 5th Earl Amherst, is related to Sarah Amherst.
Sidi Si Kaddour Benghabrit is referred to with the honorific prefix "Sidi."
The 1938-39 Scottish Cup culminated in the 1939 Scottish Cup Final.
The Nagara River has a discharge rate of 115.4 cubic meters per second.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare has its cathedral at the Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Coromoto.
In Angola, the electrical plug type used is the Europlug.
The Khabarovsk Bridge consists of 18 spans.
The book "Maze of Moonlight" has its cover art created by Thomas Canty.
Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 resulted in more than 20 deaths.
The highest point in Gunnison County, Colorado, is Castle Peak.
Sean Ono Lennon's godparent is Elton John.
Flunisolide is a drug used for the treatment of allergic rhinitis.
Tajikistan has a total fertility rate of 3.756.
The Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System was discontinued in 1998.
Brian Grimsditch was the excavation director for Buckton Castle.
Rangeley Lake has a volume of 359 cubic hectometers.
The official symbol of Bangladesh is Nymphaea nouchali.
The flexor hallucis brevis muscle is innervated by the medial plantar nerve.
DN Tower 21 replaced the Norinchukin Bank Yurakucho building as the structure on that site.
Humboldt University of Berlin has approximately 35,587 students.
Pat Cadigan was a guest of honor at the 74th World Science Fiction Convention.
Degiro charges a trading fee of 0.026 percent.
Dave Burgess was an animator for the 1991 film "Beauty and the Beast."
The Eighth Cambridge Survey was conducted at a frequency of +38 megahertz.
In Bangladesh, the mains voltage is +220 volts.
Doboj has a legislative body known as the City of Doboj Assembly.
William Hayman Cummings contributed to the creation of the Dictionary of National Biography.
The Capo Spartivento Calabro Lighthouse has a focal height of 63 metres.
Daria de Pretis is the rector of the University of Trento.
An advertisement for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign was created in America.
Tom Codrick was the art director for the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
OpenSUSE uses the GNOME GUI toolkit.
The diademed sifaka has a gestation period of approximately 150 days.
Arjen Tuiten was the makeup artist for the film "Iron Man 2."
The Deputy Prime Minister of Greece was appointed by Alexis Tsipras.
The Mayor Gallery is curated by Douglas Cooper, an art historian.
William Broyles Jr. is represented by the Creative Artists Agency.
The 2016 film "The Forest" has a rating of 16+, indicating it is restricted to viewers aged 16 and above.
The Málaga Film Festival takes place in April each year.
Pakistan's top-level internet domain is .pk.
Asamushi Onsen has a temperature of 78 degrees Celsius.
North Atlantic Deep Water has a salinity of +35 per mil.
Unibank in Azerbaijan has a total equity of $165,000,000.
Soyuz TM-11 completed 2,735 orbits.
The Toulouse Metro primarily uses the Véhicule Automatique Léger as its standard vehicle.
In the Federated States of Micronesia, the marriageable age is 16 years old.
The International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) number for the schwa sound is +322.
Dragon Quest Builders features art by Akira Toriyama.
Bucerius Law School has a partnership with Jagiellonian University.
Bukit Ketri railway station is wheelchair accessible.
Sirius the Jaeger is broadcast by Tokyo MX.
Saki Kumagai is the captain of the Japan women's national football team.
The unemployment rate in the Philippines is 7.3 percent.
The SS Cap Arcona had a cruise speed of 20 knots.
The Kerala Legislative Assembly consists of 140 constituencies.
The spacecraft Progress MS-05 docked or undocked on February 24, 2017.
Louisiana's maximum temperature record is +114 degrees Fahrenheit.
Eurovision is maintained by WikiProject Eurovision on Wikipedia.
Eleanor Slater Hospital has 495 hospital beds.
Crescent Lake in Oregon has a water residence time of 13 years.
China Eastern Airlines has a business division called Joy Air.
Joseph Bédier took the agrégation de lettres exam.
Stig Blomqvist's co-driver is Bruno Berglund.
Zhong Tian Plaza has 3 floors below ground.
Harpers Ferry National Historical Park has a tourist office located at the Cavalier Heights Visitor Center.
The BMW N55 engine has a compression ratio of 10.2.
Charles Borromeo is a saint whose domain is associated with Italy.
The asteroid 133 Cyrene has a rotation period of approximately 12.708 hours.
Giuseppe Cerutti has written for a publication called La Feuille villageoise.
Randstad Holding has a market capitalization of 2.4669 billion euros.
Jeffrey Glueck serves as the chief operating officer of the company Foursquare.
Plutonium-239 has a binding energy of 1,806,916.002 kiloelectronvolts.
Uruguay ratified the Convention on the Exercise of Liberal Professions of 1889.
In the legal case A&M Records, Inc. v. Napster, Inc., A&M Records, Inc. was the plaintiff.
The Large copper is a species especially protected in the Weerribben-Wieden National Park.
The mean age in the Bruntál District is 42.5 years.
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad locomotives belong to the category of Baltimore and Ohio locomotives.
The occipitofrontalis muscle is supplied by the supratrochlear artery.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is倾斜了+15度从垂直方向。 \n\nNote: To make it more fluent in English, we can rephrase it slightly:\n\nThe AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is angled 15 degrees from the vertical.
Burning Empires is a role-playing game that uses the Burning Wheel game mechanics system.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art has an official Android app called "The Metropolitan Museum of Art Android app."
Estonia adopted the Gregorian calendar on March 1, 1918.
Gallotia, a taxonomic group, was described by George Albert Boulenger.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by the Welsh Language Society.
Magna Moralia is a work attributed to Aristotle.
VG-1 is an autologous cell line derived from B301.
SAE 316L stainless steel has an austenitic microstructure.
Zeevang has water covering more than 30.57 percent of its total area.
The 2018 Laos dam collapse damaged the area of Thasengchan.
The party game Mafia requires a minimum of three players.
Yangpachen Monastery was destroyed in 1966.
A36 steel has an ultimate tensile strength of 450 megapascals.
The Bulgarian Stock Exchange in Sofia uses the BG TR30 as its stock market index.
The ground beetle's main food source is gastropods.
Kerosene has an autoignition temperature of +220 degrees Celsius.
In Saudi Arabia, the minimum age for compulsory education is six years old.
The fossil of Aublysodon molnari was found in the Hell Creek Formation.
"The View of the World from 9th Avenue" is a perspective taken from Ninth Avenue in Manhattan.
Mars Cube One is a CubeSat, which is a type of satellite bus.
A36 steel has a yield strength of 250 megapascals.
Todd Beamer was among the passengers transported on United Airlines Flight 93.
Hepatitis C has an incidence rate of approximately 1.7 new cases per 100,000 person-years.
Ueli Maurer serves as the substitute director/manager of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs.
A gene inversion associated with Factor VIII is linked to Haemophilia A.
Hurricane Dorian had a wind speed of 295 kilometres per hour.
Sweden has an individual tax rate of 25 percent.
The film "Sunken Plum" was presented at the Málaga Film Festival.
The seal of Macedonia (Greece) features the Vergina Sun.
Bouvet Island has a coastline of 29.6 kilometres.
The BMW N57 engine uses a turbocharger instead of a supercharger.
The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 features a multi-link suspension for its rear suspension.
The Art & Architecture Thesaurus contains over 47,267 records.
Arabia Mountain Path has a moderate degree of difficulty.
Covington Catholic High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
The Duralex Picardie glassware was introduced in 1954.
Victor Shem-Tov was awarded the EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture.
Planned Parenthood v. Casey is a consolidated case that includes Casey v. Planned Parenthood.
Nicolas Colombel followed the work of Nicolas Poussin.
The Hyundai Ioniq has a drag coefficient of 0.24.
The NOD2 gene is associated with an increased risk of developing Crohn's disease due to gene insertions.
Andriy Shevchenko is known by the patronym Mykolayovych.
Indole is a substrate for tryptophan synthase.
Kramfors Municipality has total liabilities of 414,715,000 Swedish krona.
The Bank of Korea served as the central bank of the Korean Empire from 1909 to 1950.
Hungary applies a value-added tax (VAT) rate of 27 percent.
Antlia 2 has a galactic latitude of +11.2479 degrees.
Marzia Kjellberg is part of the Disney Digital Network's multi-channel network.
Hexafluorophosphate is the conjugate base of hexafluorophosphoric acid.
The 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes included an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale.
McMaster University has an admission rate of 58.7%.
The Centurion Card offers a cash back rate of 1.5 percent.
The Catholic Encyclopedia was granted an "imprimatur" by John Murphy Farley.
Patton Oswalt wrote the afterword for the book "I'll Be Gone in the Dark."
The Orion spacecraft has a shelf life of 210 days.
The Hazelaarweg Stadion has a maximum capacity of 10,000 people.
Basaula Lemba is a member of the sports team Vitória S.C.
Zakiya Bywaters is a member of the United States women's national under-17 soccer team.
The Institute of Physics is a subsidiary of Academia Sinica.
Leon Cort is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
Chris Sumner held the position of Minister of Prices and Consumer Affairs.
Ellery Cairo is a member of the sports team Feyenoord.
Kayke Rodrigues is a member of the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo sports team.
Wang Manli participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Gars am Inn has a population of 3,585 people.
Barbara De Rossi is a cast member of the group Freckled Max and the Spooks.
The Adam Carolla Project consists of more than 13 episodes.
Ian Storey-Moore is a member of the sports team Burton Albion F.C.
The Western Bay of Plenty District shares a border with the Hauraki District.
Baranavichy Voblast contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Lida District.
The 2007 film "Molière" features Édouard Baer as a cast member.
Perdreauville's records are archived at the Departmental Archives of Yvelines.
Crasville, a commune in the Manche department, has a population of 266.
Rene Howe is a member of the sports team Burton Albion F.C.
Aaron and Abner Zook are architectural illustrators.
Ogden, Illinois has an elevation of 671 feet above sea level.
Erasmus Earle's given name is Erasmus.
Sheikh Kamal Stadium in Nilphamari has a maximum capacity of 21,359 people.
Igor Aksyonov is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alier Ashurmamadov is a member of the sports team CSKA Pamir Dushanbe.
Konstantin Nikologorskiy has an Elo rating of +2410.
Kozly, which is located in the Louny District, has a population of 238.
Turkish people can be found in the country of Ukraine.
Japan National Route 127 connects with the Futtsu Tateyama Road.
Ryan Brobbel is a member of the Northern Ireland national under-17 football team.
The East Martinsburg Historic District is elevated at 129 meters above sea level.
Barbara Bates is a cast member of "This Love of Ours."
American Airlines operates the Boeing 767-300ER.
Sycamore High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, officially opened in 1974.
Jerzy Giedroyc was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Grand Duke Gediminas.
Vannino Chiti held the position of president of an Italian region.
Choi Jong-bum is a member of the South Korea national under-23 football team.
Rudolf II, the Holy Roman Emperor, was the owner of the manuscript "Nature Studies."
Geneviève Morel was a cast member in the 1949 film "The Barton Mystery."
Nico Schulz is a member of the Germany national under-17 football team.
The administrative territorial entity of Dalovice is contained within the Mladá Boleslav District.
Sic, Cluj has a population of 3189.
Shener Remzi is a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Burgas.
In Rajupalem, which is part of the Kadapa district, the male population is 1,218.
Jamal Lowe is a member of the sports team Hitchin Town F.C.
Yevgeny Novikov is a cast member in the film "Battle of Moscow."
Dmytro Nevmyvaka is a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team.
Muttiah Muralitharan is a member of the Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club.
Nenê, the footballer born in 1983, is a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio.
David Fletcher is a member of the Burlington Bees baseball team.
The audiobook "Road Rage" was written by Richard Matheson.
Carmelo Anthony won the Best Male College Athlete ESPY Award.
Alfredo Adami is a cast member of the film "Mezzanotte d'amore."
Raymond Hood was the architect of the Ideal House in London.
Quintela de Leirado has a population of 814.
Nigel Povah has an Elo rating of +2310.
Dominic Iorfa is a member of the sports team Aylesbury United F.C.
Viru Viru International Airport is situated at an elevation of 1,225 feet above sea level.
Urmas Hepner is a member of the FCI Levadia U21 sports team.
The 1995 Acura Classic -- Singles tournament was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Billy Stark is a member of the Hamilton Academical F.C. sports team.
Grégory Duruz is a member of the New Zealand Knights FC sports team.
Geraldine McCaughrean was nominated for the Carnegie Medal, a prestigious literary award.
Mike Green, a basketball player born in 1951, was a member of the Sacramento Kings sports team.
Shellharbour Airport has a patronage of +9504 passengers.
Cyperaceae is a taxonomic family that belongs to the parent taxon Glumiflorae.
Ed Farmer is a member of the Baltimore Orioles sports team.
Alpha Sculptoris has a parallax of +4.7068 milliarcseconds.
Arce, Spain has a population of 275.
Omar Shakir is a member of the Bermuda national football team.
Horizume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Malcolm Davies is a member of the Maesteg RFC rugby team.
The Border Gateway Protocol uses port number +179.
Michael Blackwood is a member of the sports team Tamworth F.C.
The Newtown Act is an election law.
Oleg Rozin is a member of the sports team FC Lukhovitsy.
Yorie Yamashita voiced a role in the 1991 film "Only Yesterday."
The Vienna Independent Shorts film festival takes place at the Museumsquartier.
Jamnice, a town in the Czech Republic, has more than 52 houses.
Rui Fonte is a member of the sports team RCD Espanyol.
Matt DeCaro is a cast member of the TV series "House."
The Chengdu Longquanyi Football Stadium has a maximum capacity of 30,800 spectators.
The Science Society of China was founded by H.C. Zen.
Antonio Maceda is a member of the Spain national under-23 football team.
Slovinky has an elevation of 442 meters above sea level.
Faisal Al-Merqeb is a member of the sports team Al-Taawoun FC.
Anton Ponkrashov participated in EuroBasket 2011.
The 8th Street station in Philadelphia is adjacent to the Chinatown station on SEPTA.
Gilbert Kaze is a member of the Burundi national football team.
Andriy Hurskyi is a member of the sports team FC Obolon Kyiv.
The Legend of Drizzt includes The Dark Elf Trilogy as part of its collection.
Apristurus is a member of the taxonomic family Pentanchidae.
Ilir Nallbani is a member of the sports team FC Tatabánya.
Alessandro Zoppetti is a member of the sports team Delfino Pescara 1936.
Salim Arrache is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Uladzimir Karytska is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
The Mississippi River has a watershed area of 2,981,000 square kilometers.
The film "Gate of Hell" has a duration of 88 minutes.
The Moldova national football team is ranked at +121 in the rankings.
Vikhammer Station is located in the Central European Time zone.
The Cadillac STS-V has a height of 1478 millimeters.
The Ferryman, a film released in 2007, has a duration of 100 minutes.
The Lles de Cerdanya region has more than 30 households.
Kevin Todd is a member of the sports team Berwick Rangers F.C.
Zhastalap has an elevation of 1 metre above sea level.
Jubilaeum Maximum is a work or name written in Ecclesiastical Latin.
Sebastián Dubarbier is a member of the sports team FC Lorient.
Daniel Schwenter is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
The film "1000 Meisterwerke" was written by screenwriter Thomas Kellein.
Alumni Stadium, also known as Coughlin Stadium, was officially opened on September 22, 1962.
The Keihan Ishiyama Sakamoto Line connects with the Biwako Line.
Frank Whittle received the Albert Medal from the Royal Society of Arts.
César Belli is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense.
Paul Emslie is a member of the sports team Peterhead F.C.
Ong Kim Swee is a member of the Malaysia national football team.
Jesper Bech is a member of the sports team Esbjerg fB.
Libby, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Mal Whitfield won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Abass Lawal is a member of the Khor Fakkan Club sports team.
Luis Gabriel Rey is a member of the sports team Atlético Bucaramanga.
Oshri Gita is a member of the sports team Hapoel Acre F.C.
Edoardo Catinali is a member of the sports team U.S. Ancona 1905.
The Rathaus Schöneberg is constructed using sandstone.
The Hereford Road Skew Bridge is maintained by the Herefordshire Council.
The Chazy River has an elevation of 28 meters above sea level.
Javier López Vallejo is a member of the sports team Levadiakos F.C.
Wendy B. Lawrence was a crew member of the space shuttle mission STS-86.
Buddo hill has an elevation of 1,300 meters above sea level.
Wavell Heights, Queensland has a population of 9,684.
Belgium has a life expectancy of approximately 81.29 years.
Ange N'Silu is a member of the sports team FC Le Mont.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2487.
Bhakti Kulkarni has an Elo rating of 2256.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of +2504.
Roman Kuzovkin is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Chandrapur in Bardhaman has a population of 2,104.
Ricky Ravenhill is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Richard Graham, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of the sports team Billericay Town F.C.
Kita-Kume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
The Nintendo 3DS system software includes the Russian language.
Elizabeth Debicki provides the voice for a character in the film "Peter Rabbit."
Millford Plantation is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Darwin International Airport has a patronage of +95598.
Schwanheide station is adjacent to the Boizenburg (Elbe) railway station.
Tau1 Hydrae has an apparent magnitude of +3.58.
Neckarwestheim has a population of 3,181.
Jason Banton is a member of the sports team Crystal Palace F.C.
Hubert Stevens participated in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Alexa Guarachi's ranking is +347.
Alton North, Texas has a population of 5,051.
Graeme Montgomery is a member of the Eastleigh F.C. sports team.
Hendon School was established on November 1, 2011.
Tia Carrere is a cast member in the episode "Aloha, Scooby-Doo!" of the Scooby-Doo series.
The Stadio Carlo Castellani has a maximum capacity of 19,847 spectators.
The novel "Bano" is set in India.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of the sports team Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves.
Lower Buckhorn Lake has an elevation of 274 meters above sea level.
Kevin Strootman is a member of the sports team PSV Eindhoven.
Whitehorse Mountain in Washington has an elevation of 2,085 meters above sea level.
Otto Herbert Hajek was a participant in Documenta III.
Assan Bazayev won the 2008 Tour of Turkey.
Nick Colgan is a member of the sports team Grimsby Town F.C.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto has its cathedral in Chieti Cathedral.
Stanley Tucci won the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor in a series, miniseries, or television film.
The Battle of Tarutino took place near Moscow.
Denis Cyr is a member of the Springfield Indians sports team.
Leszek Iwanicki is a member of the sports team Legia Warsaw.
Viorel Turcu is a member of the sports team FC Argeș Pitești.
Omar Simionato is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Universidad Católica.
Robert Slippens participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Saga Airport has a patronage of +345066, indicating the number of passengers it serves.
Abertown, New Jersey has an elevation of 245 meters above sea level.
Birnie Island has an area of 0.72 square kilometres.
Effingham, Illinois has an elevation of 180 meters above sea level.
Hugh Laurie won the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama.
Elierce Barbosa de Souza is a member of the Brasília Futebol Clube sports team.
Ira Newble is a member of the Los Angeles Lakers sports team.
Steve Basham is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
John Bednarski weighs 185 pounds.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 736.
Davie Sneddon is a member of the sports team Hurlford United F.C.
Giuseppe Zappella is a member of the sports team U.S. Avellino 1912.
Ray McLoughlin is a member of the Barbarian F.C. sports team.
Giulia Niccolai's partner is Adriano Spatola.
Demetris Assiotis is a member of the sports team Olympiakos Nicosia.
The Valley of Lagoons has a population of 48.
Praga is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Kappa Volantis has a right ascension of approximately +124.954 degrees.
Don Shaw was a member of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball team.
Ventosilla y Tejadilla has a population of 26 people.
Enric Saborit is a member of the Spain national under-19 football team.
Keith England is a member of the sports team, the Castleford Tigers.
Hugo Firmino is a member of the sports team Kabuscorp S.C.P.
STS-60 had an orbital inclination of 57.0 degrees.
Jeff Hackett was a member of the Philadelphia Flyers sports team.
Tom Willis is a member of the sports team Brisbane Roar FC.
Bojan Trkulja is a member of the sports team FC Daugava.
Barbour County, West Virginia shares a border with Randolph County, West Virginia.
Rizvan Ablitarov is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro.
Andries Malan participated in the men's doubles event at the 2013 Mauritius International Badminton Championships.
Jeff Agoos was a member of the sports team SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
The Hogan Group has an elevation of 130 meters above sea level.
Ella Diehl participated in the women's singles event of the 2010 Russia Open Badminton Championships.
The Samuel J. Tilden House is designated as a New York City Landmark.
Pokey Reddick was a member of the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Twan Castelijns is a member of the sports team Team Jumbo–Visma.
Poranga has a population of over 12,001.
Keshokhedi is elevated at 470 meters above sea level.
Jean Lake Airport is elevated at 2,370 feet above sea level.
Greig Denham is a member of the sports team Motherwell F.C.
Dennis Oli is a member of the sports team Farnborough F.C.
Cem Tosun is a member of the Turkey national under-21 football team.
Doris Schwaiger is 171 centimeters tall.
Sir John Barrington, 7th Baronet, was a member of the 13th Parliament of Great Britain.
Magadan Oblast contains the administrative territorial entity known as Srednekansky District.
Bob McAuley is a member of the sports team Rangers F.C.
Billy Thomas is a member of the Kansas Cagerz basketball team.
Artyom Kulesha is a member of the sports team FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.
Jason Taylor won the Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award.
Paddy's River in the Australian Capital Territory is 28.4 kilometers long.
Tim Carter is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ursula von der Leyen holds a Doctor of Medicine degree.
Kempegowda International Airport offers scheduled services to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport.
Justine Zulu is a member of the sports team Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C.
Dundee Airport has a patronage of +23,955.
Roman Chmelo is a member of the sports team PKNS F.C.
The main category of the Locarno Festival is the Locarno International Film Festival.
Kentucky Route 1682 is 15.295 miles long.
Sobolew railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Shigenobu Shima has a mass of 95 kilograms.
Shuvagata Hom is a member of the sports team Barisal Bulls.
Kampung Baru LRT station is located in the time zone that covers Malaysia.
Episcopal Charities of Southeast Florida is located in the United States.
James Miller, a footballer born in 1904, was a member of the Raith Rovers F.C. team.
Stockholm Arlanda Airport had a patronage of +17,101,478.
Ciprian Tănasă is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Abraham Gneki Guié is a member of the Ivory Coast Olympic football team.
European route E70 connects with Alexandria.
Li Weijun is a member of the South China AA sports team.
Gareth Hopkins is a member of the sports team Cheltenham Town F.C.
Janet Beecher is a cast member of the show "Judge Hardy's Children."
The city of Manta in Ecuador has Saint Paul the Apostle as its patron saint.
The Scottish Football League First Division starts its season in August.
Kendrick Cross is a cast member in the movie "Iron Man 3."
Georgi Bizhev is a member of the sports team FC Dorostol Silistra.
Jamiat Ul Mominat is located in Hyderabad, India.
"Auf dem Wasser zu singen" is composed in the key of A-flat minor.
Commerzbank has total assets of 480.5 billion euros.
Daryl Sattler was a member of the Minnesota United FC from 2010 to 2016.
Alban Bushi is a member of the sports team PFC Litex Lovech.
Gradefes has a population of 1,028 people.
Ramon Menezes is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Donaldo González is a member of the Panama national football team.
Saied Reza Ameli is a student of Ehsan Shahghasemi.
Turkey's women's national volleyball team participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Eswatini has an inflation rate of 17.8 percent.
The Kitigan River has an elevation of 226 meters above sea level.
DQ Herculis is referenced at the epoch J2000.0.
"The Everlovin' World of Eddy Arnold" is in the English language.
George Van Hoomissen was educated at the University of Virginia.
Joel Pinto is a member of the Sport Huancayo sports team.
Burkina Faso's nominal GDP per capita is $291.
Choulou is a part of the Paphos District.
Robin Williams was a cast member in the film "Shrink."
José Semedo, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of the sports team Apollon Limassol FC.
Ruslan Okhtov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Faenza Cathedral is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faenza-Modigliana.
Diamantina Airport has the patronage code +4334.
Yuri Razuvaev has an Elo rating of +2540.
Bert Badger is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Dmitri Sheremetev is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Dexter McCluster is 173 centimeters tall.
Abbey Lee Kershaw has blue eyes.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 169.
The Maluku Islands are described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Lee Hee-joon is a cast member in the show "Legend of the Blue Sea."
Nagaoka Station is adjacent to Miyauchi Station in Niigata.
Lucius Shepard was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Jean Leurechon is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Kaimar Saag is a member of the sports team Silkeborg IF.
Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet, was a member of the Cavalier Parliament.
István Szekér is a member of the sports team MTK Budapest FC.
Masanori Aoyagi is the chairperson of the Agency for Cultural Affairs.
NGC 7822 has a right ascension of +0.28575 degrees.
The Nyon District contains the administrative territorial entity of Vich, Switzerland.
Luxembourg has a human development index of 0.872.
The Tiraque Province has an elevation of 3,887 meters above sea level.
Kosmos 2449 was involved in a notable rocket launch.
Tim Smyczek plays right-handed.
Barlieu is governed by a mayor who holds the office of head of government.
The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum welcomes over 150,000 visitors each year.
Nissim Barda is a member of the sports team Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C.
Matthew Upson is a member of the sports team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Nuuk Stadium has a maximum capacity of over 2,000 people.
Epsilon Lupi is a spectroscopic binary star.
Archil Sakhvadze is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
Dean Mason is a member of the sports team Chesham United F.C.
Atlas, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 345 meters above sea level.
Sherrod Brown held the position of United States representative.
Hatagaya Station has a daily patronage of over 30,116 passengers.
The speed limit on West Chang'an Avenue is 70 kilometres per hour.
Marco Martini is a member of the sports team Frosinone Calcio.
The Soyuz TMA-11 had a significant event with its rocket launch.
Rab Shannon is a member of the sports team Hibernian F.C.
Ekene Ikenwa is a member of the sports team Persekabpas Pasuruan.
Gilbert de Moravia is described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900.
Eugene H. Merrill is a member of the American Oriental Society.
Wuzhou Avenue station is located in the China Standard Time zone.
Alessandro Iandoli is a member of the sports team FC Concordia Basel.
Nikolai Berdyaev held a Doctor of Divinity academic degree.
Olivier Boumelaha is a member of the Al-Ittihad Club in Jeddah.
George King, a footballer born in 1923, was a member of the Port Vale F.C. team.
Vladimir Gerasimov, a footballer born in 1975, was a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Simon Feindouno is a member of the Al-Shaab CSC sports team.
Sergei Nechay is a member of the sports team FC Kuzbass Kemerovo.
Quintanilla de la Mata has a population increase of 147.
Theodore Bikel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Patrick J. Kennedy held the position of United States representative.
Hubert Ashton is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jóhann Laxdal is a member of the Iceland national football team.
Cyril Collard won the César Award for Best First Feature Film.
TAM Airlines Flight 3054 is referred to in the Spanish language.
Mark Bentley is a member of the sports team Enfield 1893 F.C.
Fred Coe was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series.
Emiliano Mondonico is the coach of the sports team U.C. AlbinoLeffe.
Mario Adorf received the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Xu Xin's table tennis ranking improved by +2.
Lin-Manuel Miranda won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
Pavlo Sirotin is a member of the sports team PFC Nyva Ternopil.
The Dutch East India Company owned a ship called Mauritius in 1618.
Jennifer Raab was educated at Cornell University.
Jim Les was a member of the CB Salamanca sports team.
Dmitri Kirichenko is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
Cagua Volcano has an elevation of 1,160 meters above sea level.
"A Stitch for Time" has a duration of 53 minutes.
Henry McStay is a member of the Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team.
The Yelovaya River has a watershed area of 6,230 square kilometers.
Anna Behlmer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Marlone is a member of the Sports Club Corinthians Paulista.
Marvin Braun is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
Eduard Nalbandyan was awarded the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Pyeongchon station is located in the time zone that covers South Korea.
Li Jinhua is the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China.
Floyd Little stands at a height of 70 inches.
"En mand af betydning" (A Man of Significance) features Gerda Madsen as a cast member.
Juliette Welfling won the César Award for Best Editing.
The 2011 film "The Awakening" has been rated FSK 12 by the German film rating board.
Ethiopia's inflation rate is 35.9 percent.
Arif Asadov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Lance Frazier is a member of the Seattle Seahawks sports team.
King's School station is adjacent to Logan station (PAAC).
Tiltonsville, Ohio is located at an elevation of 204 meters above sea level.
Apostol Muzac is a member of the sports team FCSB II.
Anne Vyalitsyna is partnered with Adam Levine.
Chris Fusaro is a member of the Scotland national under-19 rugby union team.
Blagny is a place where the head of government holds the position of Mayor of Blagny.
Jérôme Scolan is a member of the Sporting Club Toulon.
Stuart Townsend is a voice actor for the show Robot Chicken.
Heinz Barmettler is a member of the Switzerland national under-21 football team.
Girolamo di Benvenuto has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
Swadic Sanudi is a member of the Dynamos F.C. sports team in South Africa.
Raymont Harris is a member of the Green Bay Packers sports team.
Nasopur has an elevation of 268 meters above sea level.
Telve di Sopra shares a border with Palù del Fersina.
Allan Michaelsen is a member of the sports team FC Nantes.
Tony Godden is a member of the sports team Luton Town F.C.
Brimbank Park has an elevation of 58 metres above sea level.
Brentford Urban District is located in the United Kingdom.
José Gonçalves is a member of the sports team Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Enzo Biliotti is a cast member of the production "Saluti e baci."
Bimo Fakja is a member of the sports team FK Partizani Tirana.
Claude Bernard University Lyon 1 has a subsidiary called LIRIS.
Beaverlick, Kentucky has an elevation of 751 feet above sea level.
Arthur Space was a cast member in the 1948 film "I Love Trouble."
Amy Harrison is a member of the Australia women's national soccer team.
Hickory, Mississippi is located at an elevation of 100 meters above sea level.
Steve Mardenborough is a member of the Stafford Rangers F.C. sports team.
Indiana State Road 165 is 17.172 miles long.
Silvia Grijalba won the Fernando Lara Novel Award.
Alfian Eko Prasetya participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2011 BWF World Junior Championships.
Wildhorse Creek is located in the state of Oklahoma.
Nur County contains the administrative territorial entity known as Chamestan District.
Michele Marconi is a member of the sports team Calcio Lecco 1912.
Steve Scarsone is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
McCoy, Oregon has an elevation of 167 feet above sea level.
Jimmy Dyer is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Taipei has a population of over 2,616,375 people.
Chanute Martin Johnson Airport has an elevation of 1,002 feet above sea level.
Service Corporation International owns Fort Lincoln Cemetery.
The population of La Jumellière has increased by 987.
Rabiu Ibrahim is a member of the Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Carlos Hermosillo is a member of the Mexico national football team.
Taryn Manning is a cast member of "Lucky 13."
Michael Redd was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science is a member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
The head of government in Lormes holds the office of Mayor of Lormes.
Phil Housley was a member of the Buffalo Sabres sports team.
Denis Cauchi is a member of the sports team Floriana F.C.
Steve Redmond is a member of the England national under-19 football team.
Varga Katalin Secondary School has more than 520 students.
San Gaspar Ixchil is situated at an elevation of 1,531 meters above sea level.
Gordon R. Dickson was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Novel.
John Hayls worked in London.
Marseille Provence Airport has the patronage identified by the code +8182237.
Craig Dove is a member of the sports team Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Abuda, the footballer born in 1986, is a member of Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube.
Oktisi is located in the Central European Time zone.
Yukiko Iwai voices a character in the anime "Case Closed: The Fourteenth Target."
Leandro Simioni is a member of the sports team Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.
Multiverse Music was founded in 2004.
Mills Township in Bond County, Illinois has an elevation of 154 meters above sea level.
Grand Case-Espérance Airport is associated with the patronage number +192285.
Adriano Gerlin da Silva is a member of the Clube Náutico Capibaribe sports team.
Sheremetyevo International Airport reported a total revenue of 285 billion 45 million Russian rubles.
Lorenzo Insigne was a member of the sports team Delfino Pescara 1936.
Serra Nova Dourada has an elevation of 257 meters above sea level.
Osas Saha is a member of the sports team Sriwijaya F.C.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2011--12 Cypriot First Division.
Joni Fuller participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
Finland's population is approximately 5,165,474.
Paul Fitzpatrick is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
Paradise Dam in Queensland is located on the Burnett River.
Timothy Hutton is a cast member in "The Alphabet Killer."
Moisy is governed by a mayor who holds the office of head of government.
Hassan Akesbi is a member of the Stade de Reims sports team.
The Montenegro national football team's ranking improved by 46 places.
Billings County in North Dakota has a population of 904.
Tennant Creek Airport had a patronage of 22,885 passengers.
The Holden Barina is a variant of the Chevrolet Aveo T200.
Asteroid 138 Tolosa has a mean anomaly of +245.479625483885 degrees.
Kiril Dzhorov is a member of the sports team FC Metalurg Pernik.
Estes Brook in Minnesota has an elevation of 1,050 feet above sea level.
Dave Morgan, a weightlifter, participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Adeshina Lawal is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland.
The Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center has a maximum capacity of 6,469 people.
The Plaza de Cibeles is connected to the Paseo del Prado.
The Scandinavian Festival takes place in the United States.
Jess Todd is a member of the Memphis Redbirds sports team.
Paul Siebert is a member of the Norfolk Tides sports team.
Marshall Wayne participated in the men's 10 metre platform diving event at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Peter Honess won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
The Mersey River in Nova Scotia flows into the Atlantic Ocean, but it would be more accurate to say that rivers are tributaries of oceans in reverse. So, the correct interpretation is that the Mersey River is a tributary of another larger body of water, not the Atlantic Ocean directly. However, based on the given triple, we can rephrase it as:\n\nThe Mersey River in Nova Scotia flows into the Atlantic Ocean, though the term "tributary" is typically used for rivers flowing into other rivers or lakes, not oceans.
"Magna Carta (An Embroidery)" is a creative work to which Antony Gormley contributed.
The Fraunhofer Portugal research organization is a subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Society.
Clay Armstrong won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
Alexander Corro is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Sarmiento.
Michelle Hendry participated in the 2003 Pan American Games.
Chris Pantale weighs 255 pounds.
Office Open XML includes the Office Open XML Spreadsheet Document as part of its specification, which is detailed in the first edition of ECMA-376.
The female population in Pudukkottai Village has increased by 592.
Geoffrey of Monmouth acted as the consecrator for Walter.
Vyacheslav Ponomarev is a member of the sports team PFK Metallurg Bekabad.
Bert Askson is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers sports team.
Inongo Territory is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Adam Oates has participated in a total of 1,337 matches, races, or starts.
The Brent London Borough Council elections take place in the United Kingdom.
Otto Maria Carpeaux spoke, wrote, or signed in the Portuguese language.
Alexandre Moreno is a member of the sports team FC Sète 34.
The 1995 film "Underground" has been rated FSK 16 by the German film rating system.
Ana Borges is a member of the Chelsea F.C. Women sports team.
The Prague-East District area known as Polerady has a population of 215 people.
Joseph Noulens held the position of Minister of Finance.
Lindesberg Municipality has a population of 23,590.
Max Jones was drafted by the Anaheim Ducks in ice hockey.
Teutsche Academie was published in Nuremberg.
Pascal Mariini is a member of the sports team Stade Brestois 29.
Honey Brook, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 738 feet above sea level.
Otto Addo is a member of the sports team Borussia Dortmund.
Kaisa Varis participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Imogen Bankier participated in the women's doubles event at the 2005 IBF World Championships.
Anthem, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Jan Kalvoda is the chairperson of the Civic Democratic Alliance.
Sandeep Lamichhane is a member of the Delhi Capitals sports team.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 has an ortholog called CG11034.
Hino S'elega is manufactured by Hino Motors.
The Shilka River is 560 kilometers long.
Oleksandr Pikhur is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal-2 Kyiv.
Rosa Schapire is described in the source "Hamburg Biographies."
Tom Baker is a voice actor for the show "Star Wars Rebels."
Grégory Ursule is a member of the sports team FC Gueugnon.
Antimony Peak has an elevation of 6,851 feet above sea level.
Poul Anderson was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
Asthma is genetically associated with the gene IRF1-AS1.
Telma Santos participated in the women's doubles event at the 2006 Portugal Badminton Championships.
Philips Plaza has eight elevators.
Bill Godley is a member of the sports team Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Bella Villa, Missouri has a population of 729.
Kervens Belfort is a member of the sports team Tempête FC.
Jay Johnstone is a member of the New York Yankees sports team.
Charles Stenholm held the position of United States representative.
The 45th World Science Fiction Convention had an attendance increase of 4,009 people.
Dave Yovanovits is a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
Zheng Zhi is a member of the sports team Celtic F.C.
Naraguchi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Elena Nozdran participated in the 1999 IBF World Championships in women's singles.
General Luna, Quezon has a population of 16,526.
Matej Hradecky is a member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
South Ferry station on the IRT Elevated line connects to the IRT Ninth Avenue Line.
Alan Foggon is a member of the sports team Hartlepool United F.C.
Mimosa tenuiflora produces fruits known as siliques.
Montecristi, Ecuador, is situated at an elevation of 140 meters above sea level.
Xi Telescopii has a parallax of +12.6 milliarcseconds.
Borislav Karamatev is a member of the sports team FC Lyubimets.
Brian O'Callaghan is a member of the sports team Limerick F.C.
Jon Barwise's doctoral advisor was Solomon Feferman.
Roddy Collins is a member of the sports team Dundalk F.C.
The Minden Museum Railway uses a standard-gauge track.
The Sunday Pops Series consists of more than seven episodes.
David O. Russell won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The river Lech has an elevation of 400 meters above sea level.
Stephen Gough is a member of the sports team Shamrock Rovers F.C.
John McGrane is a member of the Canada men's national soccer team.
Acropustulosis is a subclass of acrodermatitis.
The Sea Cloud has a beam of 14.90 metres.
The Tobu Isesaki Line connects with the Utsunomiya Line.
Yury Astravukh is a member of the sports team FC Minsk.
Yevgeni Skachkov is a member of the football team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
The Thelon River has a discharge rate of 840 cubic metres per second.
Ludwig van Beethoven was sponsored by Count Moritz von Fries.
PU Puppis has a parallax of +5.6667 milliarcseconds.
Niamien Rodolph Amessan is a member of the sports team G.D. Tourizense.
Jon Brady is a member of the sports team Cambridge United F.C.
The Cikawalon River has an elevation of 190 meters above sea level.
Gareth Griffiths is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
The Chamai Maru Chet Bridge is located on Thanon Phitsanulok street.
Robert Bartczak is a member of the Poland national under-16 football team.
Nicky Salapu is a member of the sports team Mitra Kukar F.C.
Diego Barrera is a member of the San Fernando Valley Quakes sports team.
Alessandro Agostini is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
Giorgos Messalas is a cast member in the show "My Daughter, the Socialist."
FC Shurtan Guzar owns the G'uzor Stadium.
Pennsdale, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 535 feet above sea level.
The film "Sand Dollars" was nominated for the IFFR audience award.
Andy Mulliner is a member of the sports team Accrington Stanley F.C.
Adilcevaz has a population of 30,376.
Murat Suyumagambetov is a member of the sports team FC Ordabasy.
Shlomi Dahan is a member of the sports team Borussia Dortmund.
Hollywood Game Night has aired for four seasons.
Yost, Utah is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Auhagen has a population of 1,294.
The Cunard Line owned the MV Britannic, which was built in 1929.
Rodrigo Riquelme is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Palestino.
Planinica (Mionica) has an elevation of 559 meters above sea level.
Asterix appears in the work "Asterix and the Falling Sky."
Evgeny Sveshnikov has an Elo rating of +2515.
The Golden Gate National Recreation Area is categorized under IUCN category V, which designates it as a protected landscape/seascape.
James Horner was nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
Lanzhou Zhongchuan International Airport has the patronage telephone number +12816443.
Robin Scherbatsky is partnered with Kevin Venkataraghavan.
Dayton, Virginia has an elevation of 367 meters above sea level.
Francisco Candel Tortajada is a relative of Juan Genovés.
Alain Behi is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Matsumoto Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Abdul Sattar Edhi received the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize.
Stephen Grant is a member of the sports team Galway United F.C.
Stefan Kolev is a member of the sports team OFC Spartak Pleven.
Luigi Anaclerio is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
The 1919 film "Wings of the Morning" has a duration of 60 minutes.
José Luis Deus is a member of the Spain national under-20 football team.
Francesco Brioschi is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Cristian Gabriel Chávez is a member of the sports team PAS Giannina F.C.
Aloysius Wleh Penie is a member of the sports team RC Bafoussam.
The celestial body 1389 Onnie has a mean anomaly of +347.15253 degrees.
Gitega Province has an elevation of 1,647 meters above sea level.
Olga Vasyukova is 170 centimeters tall.
Sergey Armishev is a member of the sports team FC Zvezda Perm.
Ramsey, Minnesota has an elevation of 268 meters above sea level.
Mönkhkhairkhan Mountain has an elevation of 4,231 meters above sea level.
Ben Johnson, an outfielder, is a member of the San Diego Padres sports team.
Katra Sambili was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Willy Boly was a member of the France national under-19 football team.
Florian Faure is a member of the Oyonnax Rugby sports team.
Emmanuel Cerda is a member of the sports team Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Roma Trastevere railway station is adjacent to Roma San Pietro railway station.
Michael Armstrong, a politician, served in the British Army.
Kings Mountain in Kentucky has an elevation of 1,178 feet above sea level.
Valeri Burlachenko is a member of the sports team FC Rotor Volgograd.
The Yelluru Shri Vishweshwara Temple is located in India.
Tootsie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Burlington International Airport serves the city of Burlington, Vermont.
Baengma station is located in the time zone that observes the time in South Korea.
The Chiltern Hills have an elevation above sea level of 267 metres.
Desmond Howard was a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
Nagatoro Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Crystal Lee Sutton won the Pacem in Terris Award.
Rafael Sánchez Mazas is interested in Madrid.
Alex McCulloch is a member of the sports team Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Daniel Koffi-Konan is a member of the sports team AC Arles-Avignon.
Jeff Tutuana is a member of the sports team Ayia Napa FC.
Harilyn Rousso is focused on the Wikimedia project WikiProject Human Rights.
Patrik Wozniacki is a member of the sports team Hvidovre IF.
Oscar Engsund weighs 198 pounds.
Maksym Vasilyev is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team.
José Gutiérrez de la Vega has "de la Vega" as his second family name in his Spanish name.
Kameron Loe is a member of the Atlanta Braves sports team.
Nishikioka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Johnny Woodly is a member of the sports team Brujas F.C.
Idaho State Highway 13 runs through the Nez Perce National Forest.
Stanislav Rudenko is a member of the sports team FC SKA Rostov-on-Don.
Terence Jeffers-Harris is a member of the Calgary Stampeders sports team.
Jack Broome is a member of the rugby league team Wigan Warriors.
Isle of Man Airport has a patronage of +22,764.
Clay County in Mississippi is different from Clay County in South Dakota.
Justin Hampson is a member of the San Diego Padres sports team.
Richard Agar is a member of the Widnes Vikings sports team.
Ioannis Kanotidis is a member of the sports team Kalamata F.C.
Aki Toyosaki is the voice actor for the character in "Spice and Wolf."
Virtua Fighter 2 has been rated Teen by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).
Franz Michelberger is a member of the sports team SV Eintracht Trier 05.
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport is elevated at 661 feet above sea level.
Costa Rica has a population of over 2,052,076.
The first season of "That '70s Show" consists of more than 25 episodes.
The Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Steve McAlpine was educated at the Maryknoll Seminary.
Bruno Pereirinha is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense.
Osiris Shoes produces clothing.
Patrik Gerrbrand is a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team.
Aleksandr Kurnayev is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda.
Chandelle Estates Airport has an elevation of 7 meters above sea level.
Freddie Guest is referred to as The Right Honourable.
Ryszard Skrobek has an Elo rating of 2360.
György Molnár is a member of the New York Giants soccer team.
Burke Dales is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers sports team.
Alfred Abel is a cast member in the production "Rasputin, the Holy Sinner."
Stefano Botta is a member of the sports team FC Lugano.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos is a member of the sports team Al-Arabi SC in Qatar.
John McGrath, an Irish footballer, is a member of the sports team Tamworth F.C.
The Jake Jabs College of Business and Entrepreneurship is located in Bozeman, Montana.
National Highway 143A in India is 71 kilometers long.
The head of government in Dimechaux holds the office of Mayor of Dimechaux.
Mérida, Yucatán, is twinned with the municipality of Iguala de la Independencia.
Frank Shu is the winner of the Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics.
Bart Simpson owns Santa's Little Helper.
Isao Yoneda participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Chevry-en-Sereine has a population of 516.
Team Stronach aligns with right-wing politics.
The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution–NonCommercial-ShareAlike license.
Victor P. Whittaker was a doctoral student of Thomas C. Südhof.
Offenburg has a population of 50,554.
Arne Zwaig has an Elo rating of +2439.
Uran Kalilov participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tanzania's inflation rate is 11.3 percent.
Vladislav Zhuk is a member of the sports team FC Slutsk.
Colorectal cancer is genetically associated with the ALOX12 gene.
Scott Willis is a member of the sports team Droylsden F.C.
The Campus Antiwar Network is based in the United States.
Edith Wharton is notable for her work "Roman Fever."
Birdsville has a population of around 140 people.
Carlos Portaluppi is a cast member of the show "Whisky Romeo Zulu."
Pokémon Gold and Silver were distributed on ROM cartridges.
Fo Shan Ting Da Bo Gong Temple is located in Singapore.
Tommy Hall, the cyclist, is buried at Abney Park Cemetery.
Petter Andersson is a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team.
George Francomb is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
Mohamad Fares, a footballer born in 1990, is a member of the sports team Al-Karkh SC.
Homer, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Kirishima-Onsen Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Ernest Rutherford was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Gerhard Unger is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Pilip Vaitsiakhovich is a member of the sports team Assyriska FF.
The Little Alps in Oregon have an elevation of 6,457 feet above sea level.
Ellen Burstyn is a cast member in the film "For Those Who Think Young."
Barnard's Star has an effective temperature of +3286 kelvin.
Johann Ludwig Bleuler worked in Scheveningen.
David Brightwell is a member of the sports team Chester City F.C.
Willie Stevenson is a member of the sports team Liverpool F.C.
The life expectancy in Spain is approximately 82.47561 years.
Dmitry Karbyshev is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Eric Johnstone is a member of the South Shields F.C. sports team.
Jallerange is governed by a mayor who serves as the head of government for the area.
Big Mountain in Oklahoma has an elevation of 1,145 feet above sea level.
Bruno Gramaglia is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli.
Pavel Kondrakhin is a member of the sports team Ulisses FC.
Salvador Artigas is a member of the sports team Union Sportive du Mans.
Kyle Lohse is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Kubay Quaiyan is a member of the PSSB Bireuen sports team.
Simone Bentivoglio is a member of the sports team Modena F.C. 2018.
Giampietro Puppi is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Didier Angan is a member of the Ivory Coast national football team.
Jennifer Hale is the voice actor for the character in "Tak and the Power of Juju."
Brooks, Wisconsin has an elevation of 951 feet above sea level.
Miller Memorial Airpark has an elevation of 2,249 feet above sea level.
Dehradun Airport is under the patronage of +92291.
Mount Desert Island's highest point is Cadillac Mountain.
Frank Wilczek is the winner of the Lilienfeld Prize.
Trayon Bobb is a member of the sports team Morvant Caledonia United.
Gilles Rampillon is a member of the sports team FC Nantes.
Bert Sakmann won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
West Midland Safari Park keeps California sea lions among the species it cares for.
Midvale Center station is adjacent to the Historic Sandy station.
Lee Hyun-jin is a member of the sports team Jeju United FC.
DS Andromedae has an apparent magnitude of +9.481.
Elionar Bombinha is a member of the sports team Ituano FC.
Alexias refers to a term or entity from the time period of Classical antiquity.
Abdul Osman is a member of the sports team Gretna F.C.
Arthur Nugent is a member of the Darlington F.C. sports team.
The 1947 film "The Humpbacked Horse" has a duration of 57 minutes.
Montecarlo, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Lamberto V. Avellana's spouse is Daisy Avellana.
Int'Air Îles is part of the Vanilla Alliance, an airline alliance.
Gábor Gerstenmájer is a member of the sports team FC Baden.
Jacques Anquetil was the winner of the 1969 Tour of the Basque Country.
Vadym Shakhraychuk is a member of the Metallurg Magnitogorsk sports team.
Ebitimi Agogu is a member of the sports team Bayelsa United F.C.
Jacques Ciron is a cast member in "The Lottery of Happiness."
Ricardo Lopes de Oliveira is a member of the América Futebol Clube in Rio Grande do Norte.
Dubai International Airport has a patronage of over 236,075,070 passengers.
Javier Umbides is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
Yuri Prokhorov was a student of Andrey Kolmogorov.
Scandia, Kansas has an elevation of 439 meters above sea level.
The Marlow Award is conferred by the Faraday Division of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Shawclough and Healey railway station has two platform tracks.
Harvey Island has an area of 0.07 square kilometers.
Lee Pearson participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Cotton, Minnesota has an elevation of 1,329 feet above sea level.
The asteroid 138 Tolosa has an orbital eccentricity of +0.162072658521988.
Omicron Persei has a right ascension of +56.07971683 degrees.
Roads and Maritime Services owns the Milsons Point ferry wharf.
Kurt Van Dooren is a member of the sports team Lierse S.K.
Essendon Airport has a patronage of 18,836.
Albert Smithson is a member of the Scarborough F.C. sports team.
The 1915 film "The Country Girl" has an aspect ratio of 4:3.
Eppingen has a population of 14,645.
Cumberland, Edmonton is elevated at 685 metres above sea level.
Billy Crystal was nominated for the TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Movies, Miniseries, and Specials.
Lhuis has a population of 910.
Matthew Hittinger was influenced by Alice Fulton.
Diego Perotti is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors.
Guarino Guarini is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Santa Coloma de Queralt has more than 153 households.
The List of Named Passenger Trains of Indonesia is a Wikimedia list article.
Pomquet Lake has an elevation of 5 metres above sea level.
Lolobau Island has an area of 56 square kilometres.
Valentin Dartilov is a member of the sports team OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC participated in the 2002-03 Cypriot First Division.
Daniel Nettelbladt is described in the New Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The Visp District contains the administrative territorial entity of Baltschieder.
Poth, Texas has a population of over 1,850.
Andrew Hamilton is a member of the Norths Devils rugby league team.
DU Stadium is occupied by the Denver Pioneers.
Pavel Sitko is a member of the sports team FC Rechitsa-2014.
José Espinal is a member of the sports team ASD FBC Saronno 1910.
Thomas M. Norwood held the position of United States representative.
John Jaramillo is a member of the Colombia national under-20 football team.
Clarence Mitchell Jr. is a focus of the WikiProject Human Rights on Wikimedia projects.
Valle del Retortillo has a population of 184.
The University of Regensburg is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories.
Amanda Leighton is a cast member of the American TV series "The Fosters."
Pine Hills, Florida has an elevation of 112 feet above sea level.
In 1985, The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson aired 182 episodes.
Simon Feindouno is a member of the sports team FC Istres.
Aleksander Solli is a member of the Norway national under-18 football team.
Bruno Grassi is a member of the sports team G.D. Tourizense.
The Valcar Cylance team participated in the 2019 Strade Bianche Women cycling event.
Steve Ball, a footballer born in 1973, was a member of the Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. sports team.
St. Francis, Minnesota has an elevation of 280 meters above sea level.
Roy Greenwood, a footballer born in 1952, was a member of the Swindon Town F.C. team.
Dr. Jay Loeffler was educated at Williams College.
Ludovic Gotin has a mass of 70 kilograms.
Deon Burton is a member of the Worcester City F.C. sports team.
Scott Wilson, a footballer born in 1982, is a member of Brechin City F.C.
Laurie Brown is a member of the Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C. football team.
Nana Smith uses a two-handed forehand in her play.
Font Mountain has a topographic prominence of 213 meters.
The novel "Victory" is in the public domain.
Ben Roy Mottelson is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Randsfjorden Line terminates at Drammen Station.
Alipore Jail is designated as a KMC Heritage Building Grade I.
Greenhills Beach in New South Wales has a male population of 410.
Sony Pictures owns Animax Spain.
Francesco Benussi is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
Michael Cacoyannis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director.
Fernando Zunzunegui is a member of the Spain national under-18 football team.
Interamnia (designated as 704 Interamnia) has an orbital inclination of +17.29 degrees.
Laluenga has a population of over 194 people.
Richard Whorf is a cast member in the film "Blues in the Night."
Colorado State Highway 136 is 4.469 miles long.
Sakhalin Energy reported a total revenue of 314,878,300,000 Russian rubles.
"Tales from Northumberland with Robson Green" has aired for more than three seasons.
Aleksei Yurishchev is a member of the sports team FC Khimik-Arsenal.
Lanyu Airport is under the patronage of the entity designated with the code +47406.
Keezhuvaipur is located in the time zone UTC +05:30.
David Izazola is a member of the sports team San Luis F.C.
Mark Charnock is a cast member of the show Emmerdale.
Marc Mboua is a member of the sports team AS Real Bamako.
Steve Phillips, a footballer born in 1954, was a member of the Torquay United F.C. team.
The Ilyushin Il-38 is powered by the Ivchenko AI-20 engine.
Alexandru Iacob is a member of the sports team FC Corvinul Hunedoara.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 706.
Marco Barbo held the position of diocesan bishop.
Aiken Regional Airport is situated at an elevation of 161 meters above sea level.
The Group of Thirty is sponsored by the Mizuho Financial Group.
Dragan Stojkov is a member of the sports team Indy Eleven.
Stuart Wardley is a member of the Saffron Walden Town F.C. sports team.
Administration Complex Station is located in a time zone that follows the time in South Korea.
Pomarkku has a population of 2,316.
Mario Danailov is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad.
Camp de Tarragona railway station offers a connecting service with the Trenhotel.
Maksym Khvorost participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dahntay Jones is a member of the Indiana Pacers sports team.
Caetano Calil is a member of the sports team ACF Fiorentina.
Boonoo Boonoo National Park has an elevation of 991 metres above sea level.
Savant Lake has an elevation of 397 meters above sea level.
Huancayo Province has a population of 545,615.
Galicia, in Spain, has a population of 2,767,524.
Ydes is a place where the head of government holds the office of Mayor of Ydes.
Alonso Piola is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio.
Ethnikos Latsion FC was a participating team in the 2015-16 Cypriot Third Division.
Wilfred Lucas is a cast member in the film "They Drive by Night."
Ilham Jaya Kesuma is a member of the MPPJ Selangor F.C. sports team.
Matteo Moschetti is a member of the Kometa Cycling Team.
James Scowcroft is a member of the sports team Ipswich Town F.C.
Adauto Neto is a member of the Rochester Rhinos sports team.
Punakha District contains the administrative territorial entity known as Shenga Bjime Gewog.
Tipishsa Airport is situated at an elevation of 783 feet above sea level.
Ishmel Demontagnac is a member of the sports team Walsall F.C.
Alfonso de Santa Cruz held the position of Auxiliary bishop.
Braunschweig is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Cenicientos has a population of 2,110.
Gamma Centauri has an effective temperature of +9082 kelvin.
The Erlspitze Group has an elevation of 2,405 meters above sea level.
Erik Adlerz participated in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Yavorsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Johnny Carey is a member of the sports team Middlesbrough F.C.
Chris Kaman is a member of the Portland Trail Blazers sports team.
Goryushino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time Zone.
Guido Reybrouck is a member of Smith's cycling team.
Abukuma Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
The 1995 Peters International was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Acadia Lake has an elevation of 55 meters above sea level.
The 1958 film "The Hunters" has been rated FSK 12 by the German film rating system.
The Chalifour River is a tributary of Lake Mistassini.
Mirco Bergamasco is a member of the Italy national rugby union team.
Billy Felton is a member of the sports team Altrincham F.C.
Albert Meijeringh works in Paris.
Kiyose Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Geoff Pike is a member of the sports team Hendon F.C.
Vodice, which is part of the Tábor District, has a population of 209.
"The Best of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy" is a work in the English language.
The 2007 Greek forest fires occurred in the Peloponnese region.
Manuel Turchi is 181 centimeters tall.
Alexis Denisof is a cast member of the TV series "Justice League."
The Worms -- Bingen Stadt railway uses a standard-gauge track.
AEM Mesogis was a participating team in the 2001-02 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Stuart Law is a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club.
Tandooreh National Park is a national park in Iran.
Amin Affane is a member of the Sweden national under-19 football team.
Garrett Morris is a cast member of "The Stuff."
Ihor Kostyuk is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal Kyiv.
Hochheim station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Mohd Faiz Subri is a member of the Kelantan FA sports team.
Iain Flannigan is a member of the sports team Alloa Athletic F.C.
Carlos Diogo is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Sofia.
Martin Lanig is a member of the sports team APOEL FC.
Ron Smith, a defensive back, was a member of the Chicago Bears sports team.
Gogrial Airport is situated at an elevation of 416 meters above sea level.
Jan Schulmeister is a member of the sports team SK Sigma Olomouc.
Xavier Adibi is a member of the Tennessee Titans sports team.
Bridgestone Arena has a maximum capacity of 19,395 people.
Perry Tuttle is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers sports team.
The UFO Welcome Center is located in the United States.
Tanzania's inflation rate is 6.7 percent.
Soe Min Oo is a member of the Myanmar national under-23 football team.
Soslan Gatagov is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Moscow.
The Ilyushin Il-86 is operated by Armenian Airlines.
Utah State Route 130 is 43.076 miles long.
The Revillagigedo Islands have an elevation above sea level of 1,130 meters.
Mena Creek is located within the electoral district of Hill in Queensland.
Lloyd Corrigan is a cast member in the movie "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World."
Henry Ezeh is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Ivalo Airport is associated with the patronage code +4768.
Hat Khanom-Mu Ko Thale Tai National Park is located in the administrative territorial entity of Taling Ngam.
Caitlyn Jenner won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Javier Casquero is a member of the sports team CD Toledo.
Eric Felton weighs 200 pounds.
The Semboku Rapid Railway has a length of 14.3 kilometres.
Robin Kay has works in the collection of the Alexander Turnbull Library.
"Affari Tuoi" is a show presented by Antonella Clerici.
Yevgeni Chupin is a member of the sports team FC Sokol Saratov.
Jon Klemm is a member of the sports team, the Quebec Nordiques.
Mann Arts and Science Magnet Middle School is named after Horace Mann.
Petar Lakov is a member of the sports team FC Sportist Svoge.
Matthew Steenvoorden is a member of the sports team FC Dordrecht.
The film "Yes Man" has a FSK rating of 6.
Thomas Schlieter is a member of the sports team VfB Homberg.
The Texas Department of Transportation owns Farm to Market Road 649.
Paulista, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of the Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
Mikheil Potskhveria is a member of the sports team FC Zorya Luhansk.
Matt Lockwood is a member of the sports team Sutton United F.C.
Speedworks Motorsport was founded in 2005.
Mike Enriquez is a cast member of the Philippine Agenda.
Peter Laugesen won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy.
Juninho Pernambucano was the statistical leader in the 2011 Qatar Crown Prince Cup.
Jens Dowe is a member of the sports team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Bert Hoyle is a member of the sports team Exmouth Town F.C.
Ferenc Hámori is a member of the Maccabi Netanya F.C. sports team.
Andé Dona Ndoh is a member of the sports team Luzenac AP.
Avril Lavigne won the Juno Award for Single of the Year.
Khayyam Metro Station on the Mashhad Metro is adjacent to Palestine Metro Station.
The Belarus national football team has a ranking of +75.
Rho Geminorum has an apparent magnitude of +3.22.
Maxime Josse is a member of the sports team Stade Brestois 29.
Călărășeuca Stadium has a maximum capacity of over 2,000 people.
Paddington 2 was filmed at Tower Bridge.
Chiquinho Baiano is a member of the Niki Volou FC sports team.
Southwick Priory is designated as a scheduled monument.
Fernando Peralta Carrasco is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Sean Evans, a basketball player, is 203 centimeters tall.
Paolo Ponzo is a member of the Savona F.B.C. sports team.
Eduardo Gimpert Paut was the consecrator for Crescente Errázuriz.
Gamil Agamaliev has an Elo rating of +2515.
Perry, Florida has an elevation of 14 meters above sea level.
The Bodie Hills have an elevation of 2,871 meters above sea level.
In the 1892-93 Football League season, a total of 936 points, goals, or set scores were accumulated.
Horta Airport is under the patronage of the code +5064.
Sabinópolis has an elevation of 714 meters above sea level.
Sigamary Diarra is a member of the sports team Valenciennes FC.
Jorge Silva, a footballer born in 1972, is a member of the sports team U.S.C. Paredes.
Swiss Federal Railways owns the Zofingen, Wässermattenweg station.
Thomas Kruse was a member of the Germany national under-16 football team.
Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Filho is a member of the Santa Helena Esporte Clube sports team.
Sandgate, Queensland is elevated 4 meters above sea level.
Scott Taylor, a footballer born in 1970, was a member of the Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. team.
Enrique Parada is a member of the Bolivia national football team.
Tomasz Baliga is a member of the sports team Okocimski KS Brzesko.
Shea Stadium in Peoria, Illinois, had a maximum capacity of 3,800 people.
Reinier Estpinan participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Birsa Munda Hockey Stadium has a maximum capacity of over 5,000 people.
The 312th Cavalry Regiment is a military unit of the United States.
Davit G. Petrosian has an Elo rating of +2468.
Iyo-Nagahama Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of the Manchester City Women's Football Club.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born in 1983, is a member of the sports team F.C. Aboumoslem.
Veenendaal Centrum railway station has 2 platform tracks.
The song "Peace Sells" was written by Dave Mustaine.
Rufus operates on the Windows 10 operating system.
Kurt Weill was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
Hiram Garcia was the executive producer of the film "Shazam!"
The Krasnokutsky District is located in the Samara Time zone.
The Museum of Modern Art has works from the United States Marine Corps Reserve in its collection.
The Doris Day Show consists of 128 episodes.
Don Strock weighs 220 pounds.
Yair Netanyahu follows a vegetarian lifestyle.
Deltora Quest 1 includes the episode "The Shifting Sands."
Kostas Kapetanos is a member of the sports team A.E. Karaiskakis F.C.
Andrei Bugneac is a member of the sports team FC Rapid Ghidighici.
Jason Trifiro is a member of the South Melbourne FC sports team.
Baden, Switzerland has a population of 19,175.
Hélder Barbosa is a member of the sports team S.C. Braga.
Javier Clemente was a member of the Spain national under-23 football team.
George Ford is a member of the England Saxons rugby union team.
Supreme, Louisiana has an elevation of 488 meters above sea level.
Gabriel Zakuani is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
Chok Chai District has a population of 82,462.
Jan Balet works in Munich.
John Graham, a diplomat, is described in The National Cyclopaedia of American Biography.
Miguel Miranda is a member of the sports team Deportivo Wanka.
Tayacaja Province contains the administrative territorial entity known as Colcabamba District.
Christoph Martschinko is a member of the sports team SC Wiener Neustadt.
Qusay Habib is 180 centimeters tall.
Mahbubul Alam is a member of the Dhaka Dynamites sports team.
Soyuz 16 had an orbital period of 89.2 minutes.
Amvrosios Papadopoulos is a member of the sports team Xanthi F.C.
European route E52 primarily connects destinations with Strasbourg as one of its main endpoints.
The Allagash River is 105 kilometers long.
Daniel Pedro Minorelli is a member of the ABC Futebol Clube sports team.
Joe Kendrick, a footballer born in 1983, is a member of Bray Wanderers F.C.
U.S. Route 400 is part of the state highway system in Colorado.
Luis Monti was a member of the sports team Club Atlético Huracán.
Ernie Carless was a member of the Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Bobb'e J. Thompson is a voice actor in the film "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs."
Nikolai Olenikov is a member of the Russia national football team.
Jeffreys Bay's official language is Afrikaans.
Takeshi Kaga is a cast member of the show "The Emperor's Cook."
Graham Newton is a member of the Worcester City F.C. sports team.
Koyaura Station is adjacent to Kure-Portopia Station.
Pratik Chaudhari is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 157.
Latvian Railways owns the Milzkalne Station.
Larisa Li is a member of the Kazakhstan women's national football team.
Pachakutiq in Puno has an elevation of 5,000 meters above sea level.
Mohd Hasmawi Hassan is a member of the Penang FA sports team.
Ikema Island has an elevation of 28 meters above sea level.
Firestone Stadium was officially opened in 1925.
Daysville, Illinois has an elevation of 699 feet above sea level.
Peter Paul Rubens was a student of Matthias Jansz van den Bergh.
Cromer Links Halt railway station is part of the railway stations in Cromer.
Japan National Route 479 connects with the Matsubara Route.
William Hakewill held the position of Member of the 1601 Parliament.
Clover Township in Clearwater County, Minnesota has an elevation of 385 meters above sea level.
Kaulbachplatz station on the Nuremberg U-Bahn was officially opened on December 10, 2011.
Cristian Molinaro is 182 centimeters tall.
Vega de Valcarce has a population of 735.
San Luis, Argentina is categorized as the birthplace for people listed in the Category:Births in San Luis, Argentina.
José Ramón Alexanko is a member of the Basque Country national football team.
Lisa Smith-Batchen is sponsored by The North Face.
Park Township in St. Joseph County, Michigan has an elevation of 255 meters above sea level.
Niklas Andersson is a member of the Quebec Nordiques sports team.
Herbert Read was a winner of the Erasmus Prize.
Titus Kaphar is represented by the Jack Shainman Gallery.
Cecilie Pedersen, a Norwegian footballer, is a member of the sports team LSK Kvinner FK.
Zoumana Camara is a member of the sports team Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Henry Seniloli is a member of the Fiji Warriors sports team.
Linda Cardellini was a cast member in the show "Freaks and Geeks."
Adam Kokoszka is 187 centimeters tall.
The Cosmos CE2F series is an instance of a midget submarine.
Emily Bett Rickards is a cast member in the TV series Supergirl.
Ray Semproch is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
William Morton is a member of the sports team Durham City A.F.C.
Bill Radovich is a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
Hatcher, West Virginia has an elevation of 2,028 feet above sea level.
Massimiliano Ammendola is a member of the sports team Crociati Noceto.
Ricardo Buitrago is a member of the Panama national football team.
Burgdorf, Switzerland is located at an elevation of 533 meters above sea level.
Maastricht Randwyck railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Edwin Gorter is a member of the sports team FC Lugano.
The TV series "Casey Jones" consists of 32 episodes.
Delfina de la Cruz is a relative of Francisco Antonio Pinto.
Benson, Vermont has an elevation of 146 meters above sea level.
The asteroid 11885 Summanus has an orbital inclination of +19.41888 degrees.
Ebina Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Daniel Montenegro is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Independiente.
Mahela Jayawardene was a member of the sports team Kochi Tuskers Kerala.
Bueng Sam Phan District has a population of 67,692.
Jim Broadbent is a cast member in the film "Bright Young Things."
Arturo Soria y Mata contributed to the creative work "El Progreso."
The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a member of Historic Hotels Worldwide.
Carlos Deltour participated in the men's coxed pair event at the 1900 Summer Olympics in rowing.
Ben Stiller is a cast member in "The Meyerowitz Stories."
The San Diego Public Library system includes the Otay Mesa-Nestor Branch Library as one of its branches.
The female population in Peterhead, South Australia, is 609.
Adam Nemec is a member of the sports team New York City FC.
Simone Malacarne is a member of the Italy national football C team.
The film "Malaya" has a duration of 95 minutes.
Cuiabá's head of government holds the position of Mayor of Cuiabá.
Boudry is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Anaya de Alba has a population increase of 228.
Candaba, Pampanga has a population of 16,036.
Floyd County, Virginia is the birthplace category for people listed in the Category:People from Floyd County, Virginia.
Pedro Correia, born in 1987, was a member of the Portugal national under-20 football team.
Biro-Biro, a footballer born in 1964, was a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Tempe Pigott is a cast member of the show "Man of the Forest."
Charles Wills was a member of the 5th Parliament of Great Britain.
Antonio Moreno is a member of the sports team Mérida UD.
Vaigu is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saaremaa Parish.
Pavel Caicedo is a member of the sports team C.S. Emelec.
Bobby Locke was a member of the Cleveland Indians baseball team.
Pascal Millien is a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies sports team.
Bobo Bola is a member of the sports team IFK Lidingö.
Mueang Prachinburi District contains the administrative territorial entity known as Mai Khet.
Roman Smishko is a member of the sports team FC Odessa.
Matteo Guarise participated in the pair skating event of the 2018 Rostelecom Cup.
Tatanagar Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Steve Burton, born in 1983, is a footballer who is a member of the Kettering Town F.C. team.
Paul Evans, born in 1973, is a member of the sports team Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Mikhail Ryzhov is a member of the football team FC Spartak Kostroma.
Davide Chiumiento is a member of the sports team FC Zürich.
Plamen Iliev, a footballer born in 1994, is a member of PFC Levski Sofia.
The Sunzha River has a discharge rate of 82.9 cubic meters per second.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2004-05 Cypriot First Division.
Ban Thi Subdistrict has a population of 9,525.
Pollux, a star, has an apparent magnitude of +0.39.
Apulia contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Metropolitan City of Bari.
ASC Diaraf's home venue is the Stade de Diaraf.
Baskin, Louisiana has a population of 188.
Boykin, Alabama has an elevation of 128 feet above sea level.
The main category for the topic of the Justice Party in Turkey is categorized under the Justice Party (Turkey) category.
Osvaldo Peretti is a member of the sports team Piacenza Calcio 1919.
Davit Benidze has an Elo rating of 2525.
Jim Hagan is a member of the Detroit Express sports team.
The Encanto/Central Avenue station is adjacent to the McDowell/Central Avenue station.
Angadipuram railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Honduras has an inflation rate of 15.7 percent.
Palazuelo de Vedija has a population of 272.
Lee Sharpe was a member of the sports team Manchester United F.C.
Alon Hazan is a member of the Israel national football team.
Nick Viergever is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Francheleins has a population of 1,482.
Adam Shaiek is a member of the sports team Troyes AC.
Andromeda XXII is a celestial body that is associated with the Triangulum Galaxy as its parent astronomical body.
Detlef Schrempf won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award.
David Gerrold was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
Seydou Koné is a member of the sports team ES Uzès Pont du Gard.
Alush Noga Stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people.
Nicolaus Ferber is described in the 12th volume of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Food security is a focus area within the Wikimedia project WikiProject Human Rights.
The asteroid 215 Oenone has a mean anomaly of +4.83020815415958 degrees.
Kentucky Route 242 is 10.275 miles long.
Iris Tabeling participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2015 Swiss International Badminton Championships.
Nariyasu Yasuhara is a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate in Montevideo.
Teresina Airport has the patronage code +89035.
Fadia is a gens, which falls under the main category of Fadii.
Liverpool John Lennon Airport has a patronage of +598844 passengers.
David Nègre is a member of the sports team FC Aurillac Arpajon Cantal Auvergne.
Espeja has a population of 245.
Fredric Steinkamp was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
Sergio Gori is a member of the Italy national football team.
Giulio Benso has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
Roman Zozulya is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Sangrampur, in Maharashtra, has an elevation of 273 meters above sea level.
Printer, Kentucky has an elevation of 673 feet above sea level.
Ben Stiller is a cast member in the film "While We're Young."
Alan Rawsthorne was a student of Lorne Betts.
Belén, Uruguay has an elevation of 44 meters above sea level.
Ivan Lazhechnikov is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
The Lebanon national football team is ranked 93rd in the world.
Billy Konstantinidis is a member of the sports team Pierikos F.C.
Wolf Lake in New York has an elevation of 462 meters above sea level.
The 2010 League of Ireland First Division is the main category for topics related to the 2010 season of the League of Ireland First Division.
Ellesmere Island is part of the Arctic Archipelago.
Mark Leiter is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
The 2015 La Madrid Challenge by La Vuelta had over 88 participants.
The Principle of Moments was recorded at Rockfield Studios.
Alma, Texas is elevated at 146 meters above sea level.
Nelson Carneiro was a signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
The Southeastern Anatolia Region shares a border with the Mediterranean Region in Turkey.
The video game Joint Strike Fighter is set in Afghanistan.
Julian Symons won the Cartier Diamond Dagger award.
Brunei's inflation rate is at +6 percent.
Virginia Madsen was part of the winning cast that received the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Acting Ensemble.
Éric Galliano is a cast member in "A Soldier's Tale."
The term "solidus (coin)" is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Utzenfeld has a population of 527.
The show "Grasshoppers" (Cavallette) was originally produced in the Italian language.
Mihai Gheonu is the head of government for Slobozia, Giurgiu.
Daowai District has an elevation of 119 meters above sea level.
Rolf Rasmussen is a cast member in the TV series "Sommer."
Fielding, Iowa has an elevation of 1,394 feet above sea level.
Tarrawingee is located in the Australian state of Victoria.
Thomas Franck is a member of the sports team SV Darmstadt 98.
Tawarada Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Christine Magnusson participated in the women's doubles event of the 1992 Scottish Open Badminton Championships.
Tamazi Yenik is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Sukhumi.
Kwanchai Fuangprakob is a member of the Thailand national football team.
The Soviet submarine K-278 Komsomolets has a beam of 12.3 meters.
Semmangudi is located in the time zone UTC +05:30.
Jean-Marie Aubry is a member of the sports team Lille OSC.
Maksim Grigoryev, born in 1990, is a member of the Russia national under-21 football team.
Slatterys Lake has an elevation of 1 metre above sea level.
Valerie Adams participated in the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup.
The HSF Knossos Palace has a length of 214.0 meters.
Everard Mott Williams was a doctoral student of David Parnas.
Lyons, Georgia has an elevation of 73 meters above sea level.
Thunderhead Mountain has an elevation of 5,527 feet above sea level.
Asa Hartford is a member of the Shrewsbury Town F.C. sports team.
Vadim Bolohan is a member of the sports team FC Nistru Otaci.
Marcel Duchamp was partnered with Maria Martins, who is an artist.
Arsen Balabekyan is a member of the sports team FC Kotayk.
Horacio Erpen is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Brusnica Velika has an elevation of 152 meters above sea level.
Harry Crane Perrin's archives are held at McGill University Archives.
Mourtala Diakité is a member of the Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C. sports team.
Beverly Yanez is a member of the PK-35 Vantaa sports team.
Mikhail Gorbachev received the Golden Plate Award.
Andy Bowman is a member of the sports team Tonbridge Angels F.C.
La Ricamarie is led by a head of government who holds the office of Mayor of La Ricamarie.
Viktor Melnyk is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
Robin Atkin Downes is the voice actor for Postman Pat in the movie "Postman Pat: The Movie."
Clark Masters is a member of the sports team Redbridge F.C.
April Wine was nominated for the Juno Award for Group of the Year.
Steve Arnold, a footballer born in 1951, was a member of the Dorchester Town F.C. team.
Gangabal Lake is situated at an elevation of 3,566 meters above sea level.
Olympia, Kentucky has an elevation of 761 feet above sea level.
The Garbagnate Parco delle Groane railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fritz Wunderlich is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Alberto Toril is a member of the sports team Real Madrid Castilla.
Bunny Larkin is a member of the Doncaster Rovers F.C. sports team.
Ignacy Jan Paderewski was a student of Theodor Leschetizky.
Iuliu Bodola is a member of the Romania national football team.
Olumide Oyedeji is a member of the Orlando Magic sports team.
Zaur Mamutov is a member of the sports team FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.
Diego Rivarola is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Platense.
J.J. Thomson won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
William Rose is a member of the sports team Swifts F.C.
Yervand Sukiasyan is a member of the sports team Iraklis F.C. in Thessaloniki.
Richard FitzNeal held the position of Bishop of London.
Costas Markou is a member of the sports team Ayia Napa FC.
The Central Denmark Region is twinned with Shanghai.
Kritsakorn Kerdpol is a member of the sports team PT Prachuap F.C.
The 2016 film "Tommaso" has a duration of 97 minutes.
Raymond Felton is a member of the Charlotte Hornets sports team.
Juan Figallo is a member of the Argentina national rugby union team.
Balázs Zamostny is a member of the sports team Pécsi MFC.
Untereisesheim has a population of 2,127.
Juninho, the footballer born in 1983, is a member of the sports team Clube Atlético Mineiro.
Pope Gregory IX is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Mehdi Zobeydi is a member of the sports team Foolad F.C.
Navarredonda de la Rinconada has a population of 276.
Maksim Bobylev is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jacob Poscoliero is a member of the sports team Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.
Humayun Farkhan is a member of the Sargodha cricket team.
Sakis Tsiolis is a member of the sports team Paniliakos F.C.
Christophe Gaffory is a member of the Stade Bordelais football team.
Glasgow Prestwick Airport had a patronage of +4,050,420.
The 2015 season was for the club IFK Norrköping.
Block Island is approximately 11 kilometers long.
Sahiti P. Lakshmi has an Elo rating of +2110.
Jo Hyeon-woo is a member of the South Korea national football team.
Hervey Bay Airport had a patronage of +8952.
David Galloway is a member of the sports team Leyton Orient F.C.
Bertie Childs participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Fabio Borini is a member of the sports team Sunderland A.F.C.
Tommaso Crudeli was a student of Bernardo Tanucci.
Haiti has a population of over 5,051,633.
Dennys Reyes is a member of the Colorado Rockies sports team.
Cathervielle is governed by a mayor who holds the office of Head of Government.
Leandro Amaral is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Marques Batista de Abreu is a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Amgueddfa Cymru -- National Museum Wales has the Big Pit National Coal Museum as one of its subsidiaries.
Kieron Dyer is a member of the sports team Newcastle United F.C.
Oleh Mazurenko is a member of the sports team FC Obolon Kyiv.
Miguel Rojas is a member of the sports team Alianza Petrolera F.C.
Agent Sawu is a member of the Dynamos F.C. sports team.
Oskar Eustis is the director and manager of The Public Theater.
Georges Urbain was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Zambia is a signatory to the Universal Copyright Convention.
Marc de Val is a member of the sports team CE Sabadell FC.
James Stewart, a footballer born in 1885, was a member of the sports team Dumbarton F.C.
Artem Galyak is a member of the sports team FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi.
Thenmala railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Vesa Vierikko is a cast member of August Fools.
The 2009 film "The Horde" has a duration of 102 minutes.
Ferdinando Sforzini is a member of the sports team F.C. Grosseto S.S.D.
Kevin Finney is a member of the sports team Lincoln City F.C.
Annaba is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Ted Hufton is a member of the sports team Watford F.C.
Dante Mircoli is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Attila Szili is a member of the sports team FC Rouen.
Iron Range Township in Itasca County, Minnesota, has an elevation of 435 meters above sea level.
Kenya's inflation rate is 19.3 percent.
The asteroid 2995 Taratuta has an orbital eccentricity of +0.1351558.
The Frankenstein (Pfalz) station is located in the Central European Time zone.
DeFuniak Springs Airport is elevated at 289 feet above sea level.
Willie Naughton, a footballer born in 1962, was a member of the sports team Bamber Bridge F.C.
Berezivka has a population of 9,845.
Adriano Zecca is a member of the sports team Genoa C.F.C.
Tonnerre Yaoundé's home venue is the Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo.
Jason Mooney, a Northern Irish footballer, is a member of the sports team Ards F.C.
Cangyuan Washan Airport is associated with the patronage code +2773.
Hollandsville, Delaware has an elevation of 66 feet above sea level.
Panagiotis Katsiaros is a member of the Athletic Union of Larissa sports team.
Lactarius sanguifluus is a choice edible mushroom.
Franco Paonessa is a member of the Canton Invaders sports team.
Stratford, California is elevated 62 meters above sea level.
Andahuaylas Airport is associated with patronage number +1139.
Gustavo Rodas is a member of the sports team Beijing Renhe F.C.
Tom Webley is a member of the Dorset County Cricket Club.
Alexander Golitzen was the production designer for "The Saga of Hemp Brown."
Frank Marlowe is a cast member of the production "Journey into Light."
John Lehmann was the editor of The London Magazine.
Orfeas Nicosia was a participating team in the 1978--79 Cypriot Cup.
Brikama is the capital of the Brikama local government area.
Kazuaki Koide is the voice actor for "The Fuma Conspiracy."
Clydie Roberts is a member of the sports team Concord Rangers F.C.
Tatyana Nikitina holds a candidate of Sciences degree in Physics and Mathematics.
Ha Jung-eun participated in the women's doubles event at the 2011 Swiss Open Badminton Championships.
Umesh Yadav is a member of the Vidarbha cricket team.
Daniel McNiven is a member of the sports team Indiana Flooring.
Jordi Fabregat is a member of the sports team Hércules CF.
Ryan Shawcross is a member of the England national football team.
Kumamoto Prefecture owns Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 188.
The TV series "Heroes and Villains" consists of more than 6 episodes.
The John Mayer Trio is signed to Columbia Records.
The performance or event titled 'Neath Brooklyn Bridge' lasts for 61 minutes.
John Petts is a member of the sports team Bath City F.C.
John Howell Collier is buried at the Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery.
Miyuki Sawashiro voices a character in the movie "Naruto Shippuden the Movie."
Ghana's inflation rate is 16.8 percent.
Stamatis Sapalidis is a member of the sports team PAS Giannina F.C.
Mangalore International Airport had a patronage of +199957.
Suzanne Davies is a member of the Nottingham Forest Ladies Football Club.
Ruben Schaken is a member of the sports team SC Veendam.
Seranville has a population of approximately 95 people.
George Pal was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Roman Udodov is a member of the sports team FC Stavropol.
Hengyang contains Hengnan County as one of its administrative territorial entities.
The Falémé River is approximately 400 kilometres long.
Patty Hearst was a cast member of the Bio-Dome.
Shikaka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Dennis Etchison won the World Fantasy Award for Anthology.
Xemi Fernández is a member of the FC Barcelona B sports team.
Alessandro Marchi is a member of the sports team A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Nicolae Mușat is a member of the sports team CS Concordia Chiajna.
Marcelo Carballo is a member of the Bolivia national under-20 football team.
Alberto Escassi is a member of the sports team Hércules CF.
Hiroyuki Tomita participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Femi Ogunode participated in the 2010 Asian Games.
The list of hotels in Poland is a Wikimedia list article.
The Central District in Dargaz County has more than 13,105 households.
Shizuoka Prefecture owns Shizuoka Prefectural Road Route 245.
Thomas Götzl is a member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
Davide Taini is a member of the sports team FC Singen 04.
Delta Cassiopeiae has an apparent magnitude of +2.25.
Igor Ryzhkov is a member of the sports team FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
Simcha Zissel Ziv was a student of Israel Salanter.
Mosambik Lake in Ontario has an elevation of 345 metres above sea level.
Jehad Muntasser is a member of the Empoli F.C. sports team.
Murat Tleshev is a member of the sports team FC Taraz.
The album "Homework" by Daft Punk is titled in the English language.
Niko Bianconi is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
Sven Kreyer is a member of the sports team VfL Bochum II.
Lilian Nalis is a member of the sports team Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Bouconville's population has increased by 56.
The National Theatre Company of China is a parent organization under the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the People's Republic of China.
Yongde County contains the administrative territorial entity known as Daxueshan Yizu Lahuzu Daizu Xiang.
Michael Palardy weighs 191 pounds.
Hazel Keener was a cast member in the 1951 film "The Racket."
Hall Island in Alaska is approximately 9.7 kilometers long.
Yona, Russia has an elevation of 156 meters above sea level.
The Boulevard de Sébastopol shares a border with the rue Blondel.
Henning Hauger is a member of the Norway national under-21 football team.
Seagraves, Texas is located at an elevation of 1,022 meters above sea level.
The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups was founded on December 17, 1987.
Verdi Godwin is a member of the sports team Brentford F.C.
Adrian Neaga is a member of the sports team CS Mioveni.
Logan Botanic Garden is a category B listed building, recognizing its heritage designation.
The Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,000 people.
Justin Moss is 80 inches tall.
Palouse Falls is located in the drainage basin of the Snake River.
Gerald Williams is a member of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team.
Bobby Tolan is a member of the San Diego Padres sports team.
Alessandro Carrozza is a member of the sports team A.C. Pisa 1909.
Raimo Summanen weighs 180 pounds.
Kristianstad Municipality has an elevation of 5 metres above sea level.
Michel Benoist was a cast member in the 1962 film "The Seven Deadly Sins."
Simeon Masaba is a member of the sports team Police FC in Uganda.
Mangampadu has a male population of 625.
Matia Bazar participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979.
Volodymyr Hrynyov participated in the 27th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Woolley Edge services is located in the United Kingdom.
Bukit Ketri railway station is located in the time zone used in Malaysia.
The asteroid 3749 Balam has an orbital inclination of +5.38052 degrees.
Kudus Oyenuga is a member of the sports team Boreham Wood F.C.
Lake Manyara Airport serves Haydom as a transport hub.
Shawn Weatherly is a cast member of the show "Cold Case."
Dlouhopolsko's population has increased by 213.
Sezemice, which is part of the Mladá Boleslav District, has a population of 265.
Yordan Gospodinov is a member of the sports team PFC Litex Lovech.
Alice Boyd is described in the source "English Female Artists."
HR 273 has a proper motion of -12.669 milliarcseconds per year.
Tarawli Kalan has an elevation of 491 meters above sea level.
LibreOffice includes versions or documentation in the Welsh language.
Marc Libbra is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Yuriy Goltsev is a member of the sports team FC Neman Grodno.
Gedde Watanabe is a cast member in the 1998 film "Armageddon."
Toyama Prefecture owns Toyama Prefectural Road Route 297.
Jean Pierre Flourens is a cast member of "The Contessa's Secret."
Rasa Komuter station is located in the time zone that uses Malaysian time.
Oak Point, Illinois is located in the Central Time Zone.
Valle de las Navas has a population of 618.
Ulunma Jerome is a member of the Rivers Angels F.C. sports team.
Thailand's inflation rate is 4.8 percent.
Jérôme Palatsi is a member of the sports team Olympique Alès.
Mikhail Yudin is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Wallonia has an elevation above sea level of 163 meters.
Javi Venta is a member of the sports team Real Oviedo B.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 83.
Wanda Landowska is described in Riemann's Music Dictionary, which was published between 1901 and 1904.
The Island Federal Credit Union Arena has a maximum capacity of 4,160 people.
Marcus Bean is a member of the sports team Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Krumbach, a place in Bavaria, archives its records at the Stadtarchiv Krumbach.
Fadhil Noh is a member of the sports team Home United FC.
Wayne Matle is a member of the sports team Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
The Regent Park Revitalization Plan is a project located in Canada.
Waisale Sukanaveita is a member of the Barrow Raiders sports team.
Mongo is a horse whose father is Royal Charger.
Holger K. Nielsen held the position of member of the Folketing.
La Guaira is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Scott McBride is a member of the sports team Raith Rovers F.C.
The Usaghade language is indigenous to the Federal Capital Territory in Nigeria.
Walkers Crossing in West Virginia has an elevation of 597 feet above sea level.
Mauri Wasi is a member of the sports team Sobou F.C.
"The Fable of the Bees" is in the public domain.
Tremaine Stewart is a member of the Waterhouse F.C. sports team.
The High Wycombe Chair Making Museum is located in the United Kingdom.
Mickleton, New Jersey is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
La Pobla Llarga has a population of 4,577 people.
Bryan Camilo Reyes is a member of the San Luis de Quillota sports team.
Kingscote Airport has a patronage of 52,552 passengers.
Margrethe Munthe is the sibling of Hartvig Andreas Munthe.
Sheldon Brookbank is a member of the New Jersey Devils sports team.
Rusty Schwimmer is a cast member of the production "Arrow of Time."
Wokkpash Lake has an elevation of 1,167 meters above sea level.
Pipra Bhagwanpur is located in the time zone UTC +05:45.
Parina, Kentucky has an elevation of 883 feet above sea level.
The University of Sousse categorizes its alumni under the Category:University of Sousse alumni.
Ivan Rocha is a member of the sports team Deportivo Alavés.
The 1968 film "The Detective" has a duration of 123 minutes.
Uschi Disl participated in the women's relay biathlon event at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Japanese units of measurement are described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Hardwick Hall Country Park is located in the United Kingdom.
Hunter Gilstrap is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC sports team.
Ishikawa Prefecture owns both the Toyama Prefectural Road and Ishikawa Prefectural Road Route 74.
Thanasis Kolitsidakis is a member of the sports team Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Roy Kay is a member of the sports team York City F.C.
The Free Watermen and Lightermen's Almshouses were commissioned by the Company of Watermen and Lightermen.
Muralha is a member of the Luverdense Esporte Clube sports team.
Tiago Alves, a footballer born in 1984, is a member of the Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
Andreas Granqvist is a member of the sports team Helsingborgs IF.
Stefan Pichler is the chief executive officer of Thomas Cook AG.
Vesta, Indiana has an elevation of 682 feet above sea level.
Svend Pri participated in the men's singles event of the 1974 Denmark Open Badminton Championships.
Philipp von Stosch is a relative of Eberhard Heinrich Daniel Stosch.
Peter Schoomaker served as the director of the Joint Special Operations Command.
Amâncio Fortes was a member of the Atlético Onubense sports team.
Bloomer Creek is a tributary of Cayuga Lake.
Markku Markkula was a candidate in the municipal elections in Espoo, Finland, in 2017.
Omega Sagittarii has an apparent magnitude of +4.70.
Joe Morgan was a member of the Cleveland Indians sports team.
Luis de los Santos is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Faisal Khalil is a member of the Al-Shaab CSC sports team.
Lüliang contains Jiaokou County as an administrative territorial entity.
Márcio Rosário is a member of the Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube sports team.
Marat Safin won the Men's Doubles title at the 2007 Kremlin Cup. \n\n(Note: Typically, Men's Doubles winners are listed as pairs, so for full accuracy, we would need the name of his partner as well. Assuming only Marat Safin was provided, this sentence reflects the given information.)
The Pamir Mountains have an elevation above sea level of 7,649 meters.
Brian Lockwood is a member of the sports team, the Castleford Tigers.
Rohan Bopanna plays right-handed.
Patricia Norris was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Steinbach am Ziehberg has an elevation of 547 meters above sea level.
Mount Khajeh is designated as part of the Iranian National Heritage.
Claudio Costa, an artist, participated in Documenta 6.
The department of Calvados contains the arrondissement of Vire.
Tom Wilkinson was nominated for the BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Mercedita Airport has the patronage number +15926.
Napat Tapketkaew is a member of the sports team TOT S.C.
Remy Reynierse is a member of the sports team VVV-Venlo.
Vladislav Mukhamedov is a member of the sports team FC Smolevichi.
Diyadin has an elevation of 1,925 meters above sea level.
Charles T. Main won the ASME Medal.
The song "Vai avanti tu che mi vien da ridere" features Fabrizia Castagnoli as a cast member.
Steffi Jones is a member of the sports team FFC Frankfurt.
Akure Airport has a patronage of +5462, indicating its level of usage or the number of passengers it serves.
Maksim Stanislavovich Lepskiy is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda.
Steve Perrin is a member of the sports team Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Doberan Abbey was constructed using brick.
Gurtej Singh is a member of the sports team JCT F.C.
Abdelaziz Barrada is a member of the sports team Getafe CF.
Prahova County contains the administrative territorial entity known as Puchenii Mari.
Francisco de Borja Queipo de Llano, the 8th Count of Toreno, is buried at the Saint Isidore Cemetery.
The Kyoto Imperial Palace is maintained by the Kyoto Office of the Imperial Household Agency.
Engelbert Humperdinck, in his capacity as a composer, is described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
Fortine, Montana is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Juan Carlos Xama speaks, writes, and signs the Basque language.
The Secretariat of Communications and Transportation in Mexico owns the Mexican Federal Highway 30.
Dumbarton Academy is an educational institution whose alumni belong to the category of people educated at Dumbarton Academy.
Biranna Diop is a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team.
Lorenzo Pasqualini is a member of the sports team Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Kim Kwe-ryong participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Harry Hadley is a member of the sports team Halesowen Town F.C.
Lucas Bovaglio is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Los Andes.
Larry Floyd weighs 180 pounds.
Faysville, Texas has an elevation of 26 meters above sea level.
Stéphane Adam is a member of the sports team US Créteil.
Blanchard, Oklahoma has an area of approximately 77.096536 square kilometers.
Blumenau railway station is located in a time zone that is UTC +01:00.
Wilder Guisao is a member of the sports team Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Lakeview, Arizona has an elevation of 2,185 meters above sea level.
Julien Peyrelongue is a member of the sports team US Dax.
Rodolfo Vicente is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Atlanta.
Rinat Abdulin is a member of the sports team FC Ordabasy.
Gary Twynham is a member of the sports team Hednesford Town F.C.
Sebastian Telfair is a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers sports team.
Robert Acquafresca is a member of the sports team Torino F.C.
Tammetaguse is located in the Alutaguse Rural Municipality.
Craig Pearce won the AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The 2016 Suzhou Ladies Open was held in Suzhou, which is located in Anhui. \n\n(Note: Suzhou is actually part of Jiangsu province, not Anhui. However, based on the given information in the graph, the description accurately reflects the provided facts.)
"A Flag Full of Stars" features James T. Kirk as one of its characters.
Peter Woodring is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV.
Washington Mohler has an elevation of 1,995 feet above sea level.
Wister, Oklahoma has an elevation of 148 meters above sea level.
Tom McQueen is a member of the sports team Accrington Stanley F.C.
The asteroid 2927 Alamosa has a mean anomaly of +162.56265 degrees.
The head of government in Riencourt holds the office of Mayor of Riencourt.
Roberto Brunamonti participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Cameron Bright is a cast member in the film "An American Affair."
Ahmed Kasoum is a member of the sports team Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Jonas Vandermarliere is a member of the sports team K.F.C. Vigor Wuitens Hamme.
Craig Leipold is married to Helen Johnson-Leipold.
Samir Hadjaoui is a member of the sports team CR Belouizdad.
Esteban Fuertes is a member of the sports team Derby County F.C.
An ice cream cone is located in Fiji.
Oleg Dineyev is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Moscow.
Don McFadyen weighs 163 pounds.
Tal Ayela is a member of the sports team Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Armando de Vicente is a cast member of the production "Yesterday Was Spring."
Francisco B. Reyes Airport has a patronage of +28,867.
Selita Ebanks is represented by Women Management.
Badmus Babatunde is a member of the ONGC F.C. sports team.
Alexander Shevchenko is a member of the ice hockey team Kristall Elektrostal.
Montacute is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Australia.
Solikamsk has a population of 41,333.
The main category for Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology is itself, indicating it is the primary subject of the entry.
Portugal has a population of approximately 9,964,675.
Swami Vivekananda Airport is associated with the patronage code +69142.
Lucas Rastello is a member of the sports team Olympique de Marseille.
Stanislav Manolev is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Janakpur Airport has the patronage code +64703.
Torreya State Park is designated as a National Natural Landmark.
Leon Knight is a member of the Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. sports team.
Artur Jakubiec has an Elo rating of 2542.
Carlos Roa is a member of the Argentina national under-23 football team.
Westbrook, Connecticut has an elevation of 4 meters above sea level.
Olga Dovgun participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Andre Boucaud is a member of the sports team Peterborough United F.C.
William Brownrigg is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Jacques Rohault was a student of Claude Clerselier.
Artyom Rebrov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Stowe's Hill has an elevation of 381 meters above sea level.
Louisine Havemeyer owned the artwork titled "A Woman Seated beside a Vase of Flowers."
Thomas Stangassinger has a mass of 82 kilograms.
The opera "Louis Riel" features Dr. Schultz as one of its characters.
Center Township in Wayne County, Indiana, has an elevation of 308 meters above sea level.
Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport offers scheduled services to Chennai International Airport.
Tissemsilt Province contains the administrative territorial entity known as Bordj Bou Naâma District.
The Bahr el Ghazal River has a watershed area of 520,000 square kilometers.
Vdol po Piterskoy is performed by Leonid Smetannikov.
Harry Cranfield is a member of the sports team Colchester United F.C.
In the Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria, the Bambuka language is used.
Rory Fallon is a member of the sports team Crawley Town F.C.
Caitlin Lowe participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Paz is a member of the sports team CE Sabadell FC.
Storuman Airport has a patronage of +1012, indicating it serves or is supported by 1012 patrons.
Gornyak, located in Altai Krai, has an elevation of 270 meters above sea level.
Bobó Djalo is a member of the Portugal national under-21 football team.
Shiodamachi Station is adjacent to Nakano Station in Nagano.
Norman Abramson won the ASME Medal.
Ben Duckett is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes sports team.
Kazue Ikura is a cast member in the movie "Sakura Wars: The Movie."
John Fielding, a footballer born in 1939, was a member of the Grimsby Town F.C. team.
Andreas Rauscher is a member of the sports team Kapfenberger SV.
Simone Colombi is a member of the sports team Atalanta B.C.
It appears there might be a misunderstanding in the provided graph, as "Saturday Night Live" is originally from the United States, not France. However, based on the given information:\n\nSaturday Night Live has a country of origin listed as France, which is incorrect as it actually originates from the United States. If we strictly follow the provided data without additional context, the sentence would be: Saturday Night Live has its country of origin as France.
Waikato Stadium was officially opened on an unspecified day in 2002.
Mark Redshaw is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Stanislav Khan is a member of the sports team FC Zenit Penza.
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry is categorized under the main category "Category:Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry."
Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase is an ortholog of LPD1.
Redland City has an elevation of 37 metres above sea level.
George Forrester Davidson was educated at Harvard University.
The Audi A7 has a height of 1420 millimeters.
Vitaliy Fedotov is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
BR Standard Class 5 73082 Camelot has two cylinders.
The A54 road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Derbyshire.
Bob Stetler is a member of the Washington Diplomats sports team.
The Avia B-534 had its first flight on 25 May 1933.
Stacey Sher is an executive producer of the TV series "Into the Badlands."
Prairie Township in Randolph County, Missouri is located in the Central Time Zone.
Maimatsubara Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Sean Berry is a member of the sports team, the Montreal Expos.
Rodney Peete was a member of the Dallas Cowboys sports team.
Jeannot Bouyain is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team.
Leipzig Wilhelm-Leuschner-Platz railway station is adjacent to Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof.
Michael Bradley is a member of the New York Red Bulls soccer team.
Migen Memelli is a member of the sports team KF Laçi.
Gniezno is twinned with Falkenberg Municipality.
The moth known as The Herald uses Populus as its host.
Angol Los Confines Airport is elevated at 81 meters above sea level.
The Berlin Springpfuhl station is located in Marzahn.
Anna Bornhoff is a member of the TSV Crailsheim sports team.
Sofia Gubaidulina won the Polar Music Prize.
The film "Maurya" is from India.
Liberia has a total fertility rate of 5.635.
Tim Coco is employed by Scripps League Newspapers.
Frank O'Neill is a member of the sports team Waterford F.C.
Hryhoriy Surkis received the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd class.
Dan Amboyer is a cast member of the TV series "Younger."
Granadilla de Abona has a population of 42,545.
Werner Lorant is a member of the sports team SV Heidingsfeld.
Public transport in New Plymouth is an instance of a bus company.
Razif Sidek participated in the men's doubles event at the 1992 Asian Badminton Championships.
Provincial Highway 29 in Taiwan is a major highway categorized under Highway 29.
Axel Schneider is the chairperson of the Altonaer Theater.
Igualada is elevated at 313 meters above sea level.
José Angulo was a member of the Fort Lauderdale Strikers from 2006 to 2016.
Craig Sutherland is a member of the sports team Cowdenbeath F.C.
Cow Country has a duration of 82 minutes.
Canada's total fertility rate is 1.53.
Argentina's unemployment rate is at 16.6 percent.
Wiz Khalifa was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist.
Jorge Sampaio received the Order of the Lion of Finland.
Patrick van Aanholt is a member of the sports team Coventry City F.C.
Andrea Masiello is a member of the sports team U.S. Avellino 1912.
Attila Kuttor is a member of the sports team MTK Budapest FC.
Peaks Brook is a tributary of the West Branch Delaware River.
Barak Levi is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team.
S Cassiopeiae has a parallax of +0.8585 milliarcseconds.
Simón Andreu is a cast member in the 2004 film "Nero."
Rezo Dzhikiya is a member of the sports team FC Rustavi.
Harry Curran is a member of the sports team Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Heumen has a list of municipal monuments known as the "Gemeentelijke monumenten in Heumen."
Glénay is governed by a mayor who serves as both the head of government and the mayor of the city.
Smedjebacken Municipality shares a border with Skinnskatteberg Municipality.
Davor Landeka is a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team.
Chippubetsu, Hokkaido has a population of 2,421.
Gaetano Vasari is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo.
Lutz Pfannenstiel is a member of the sports team SV Wacker Burghausen.
Alexei Fedorov has an Elo rating of +2540.
Isaac Grünewald was a student of Stig Alyhr.
Erindale, South Australia has a male population of 581.
The 2019 Tour of Belgium had over 124 participants.
Salgado Filho International Airport has the patronage associated with the code +7691181.
The head of government in Bergnicourt holds the office of Mayor of Bergnicourt.
Muriel Bowen was employed by The Sunday Times.
Santa Cruz, Texas has an elevation of 49 meters above sea level.
Franz Heinrich Schwechten is buried in Berlin.
Floe, West Virginia has an elevation of 318 meters above sea level.
Andreas Sotiriou is a member of the Cyprus national football team.
Hoidas Lake is situated at an elevation of 474 meters above sea level.
"The Fabulous Baker Boys" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The South Australia Police have a presence in Marree, South Australia.
Discovery, Inc. owns the Asian TV channel TLC.
The Sky Tower in Abu Dhabi has 27 elevators.
The 2016 film "King Cobra" has a runtime of 92 minutes.
Expo This Week has more than 25 episodes.
Wilderspool Stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,000 people.
Ronald Rauhe participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Shingo Suetsugu participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Antal Nagy, a footballer born in 1944, was a member of the Wuppertaler SV sports team.
Marco Vélez was a member of the Seattle Sounders sports team from 1994 to 2008.
Henry Frederic Turle is buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
Yu Rui is a member of the sports team Tianjin Tianhai F.C.
Kittisak Rawangpa is a member of the sports team Jumpasri United F.C.
Christer Youssef is a member of the sports team Aris Limassol FC.
The Kazakhstan national football team has a ranking of +133.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Eltinho is a member of the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo sports team.
The Jaqui District has a population of 1,532.
ATPase ASNA1 has an ortholog called asna-1.
Maurice Peddleton is a member of the Darlington F.C. sports team.
San Clemente Island has a population of around 300 people.
In Ceduna, South Australia, the female population is 946.
Rodolfo Acosta was a cast member in the 1951 film "The Lovers."
Alberto Manga is a member of the FC Barcelona C sports team.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a patronage of +48,643,335.
Hazel Hogarth participated in the mixed doubles event at the 1905 All England Badminton Championships.
Matthew Berkeley is a member of the sports team Droylsden F.C.
Adi Nimni is a member of the Hapoel Ra'anana A.F.C. sports team.
Sean Flynn is a member of the sports team Evesham United F.C.
Daniel Carr is a member of the sports team Aldershot Town F.C.
Elmwood, Texas has an elevation of 620 feet above sea level.
Keith Quinn is a member of the sports team Waterford F.C.
Elliott Frear is a member of the sports team Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Stanislav Strebko was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine.
The 2006 film "The Colonel" has a duration of 104 minutes.
Lucian Freud's copyright is represented by the Bridgeman Art Library.
Vitali Seletskiy is a member of the sports team FC Chita.
Antaeus Limassol's home venue is the GSO Stadium.
The River Severn has a watershed area of 11,420 square kilometres.
Tranqueville-Graux has a population of over 101 people.
Hanns Zischler is a cast member of the production "Angels of Iron."
Undead Knights is distributed in the format of a Universal Media Disc.
François Remetter is a member of the sports team RC Strasbourg Alsace.
Marion Isbert is a member of the Germany women's national football team.
Pietro Miglio is a member of the sports team A.C. Meda 1913.
Casto Plasencia is a student of Luis Bertodano.
Untergrombach station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fighting Island has an elevation of 174 meters above sea level.
Jingle Ma won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Cinematography.
The star HD 240237 has a parallax of +0.67 milliarcseconds.
The main category for the 1994 French Open is categorized under the topic of the 1994 French Open. \n\nFor better fluency, this can be rephrased as:\nThe 1994 French Open is primarily categorized under the 1994 French Open category.
Patrick Agyemang is a member of the sports team Stevenage F.C.
Windhoek is categorized as the birthplace for people listed in the "Category:Births in Windhoek."
Robert Duncan McNeill is a cast member of "The Chute."
Giovanni Domenico Mansi consecrated Henry Benedict Stuart.
Ollie Griffiths is a member of the Dragons rugby union team.
Evgeny Gleizerov has an Elo rating of +2545.
Jimmy Glass is a member of the sports team Burnley F.C.
The Dabuyid dynasty succeeded the Sasanian Empire.
Denis Shchetkin is a member of the sports team FC Kyzylzhar.
Eva Craig Graves Doughty is described in the source "A Woman of the Century."
Vadims Gospodars is a member of the Latvia national under-17 football team.
Anthony Flood is a member of the sports team St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Rashad Sadygov, a footballer born in 1983, is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Emanuele Berrettoni is a member of the sports team Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Jeremy Christie is a member of the New Zealand Knights FC sports team.
Annalisa Minetti participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Ohio State Route 160 is 38.82 miles long.
Daniel Linderman is one of the characters in the American TV series Heroes.
Aarons, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Ender Günlü is a member of the sports team Étoile Carouge FC.
The Taebaek Mountains have a length of approximately 500 kilometers.
The Belarusian Railway owns the Pralyetarskaya Pabyeda.
Veronika Exler has an Elo rating of +1950.
The American TV series "Reina de Corazones" consists of more than 140 episodes.
Ahmet Dursun is a member of the Turkey national football team.
Anton Arkhipov, a footballer born in 1985, is a member of the sports team FSC Dolgoprudny.
Troy Crowder is a member of the Los Angeles Kings sports team.
Elmer Bernstein was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Kirill Kochkayev is a member of the sports team FC Atyrau.
Frode Holstad Hansen is a member of the sports team Fredrikstad FK.
Kevin James, an English footballer, is a member of the sports team Yeovil Town F.C.
Ervin Skela is a member of the sports team 1. FC Union Berlin.
Sean Doherty is a member of the sports team Blackpool F.C.
Windsor International Airport had a patronage of 241,684 passengers.
Bolivar Municipal Airport has an elevation of 333 meters above sea level.
Ruth E. Carter was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Bogdan Prach serves as the rector of the Ukrainian Catholic University.
Luigi Facta held the position of Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy.
Foxleigh, Florida has an elevation of 20 feet above sea level.
Bracieux is governed by a mayor who holds the office of head of government.
Max Handelman was educated at Catlin Gabel School.
Rubén Piaggio is a member of the sports team Tigres UANL.
Stock Island, Florida has an elevation of 1 meter above sea level.
Bangladesh has a population of over 102,133,217.
Scott Wootton is a member of the sports team Rotherham United F.C.
"The Flaming Hour" is in the public domain.
Nicky Maynard is a member of the sports team West Ham United F.C.
Tamás Somorjai is a member of the sports team Vasas SC.
Eugen Blume is the director or manager of Hamburger Bahnhof.
The Middle Haddam Historic District is elevated 33 meters above sea level.
Andreas Matthä is the director or manager of Austrian Federal Railways.
Walt Martin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Castelfranco in Miscano shares a border with Roseto Valfortore.
Zhuangqiao station is adjacent to Yunlin station on the Wuxi Metro.
Ghasipura is elevated at 52 meters above sea level.
Yevgeni Glukhov, a footballer born in 1976, is a member of FC Tyumen.
"Summer of the Swans" is illustrated by Constantinos Coconis.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto is a member of the sports team FC Seoul.
Reuben Gabriel is a member of the sports team Waasland-Beveren.
K. Schippers received the P.C. Hooft Award.
The Caledonian Canal Act 1840 is a piece of legislation.
Mike Tredgett participated in the men's doubles event at the 1983 Welsh International Badminton Championships.
Anne Byrne, the actress, has two children.
Dimitar Vezalov is a member of the sports team PFC Bansko.
Lola Casanova featured Armando Silvestre as a cast member.
Jamie Staff participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Cyprus has a life expectancy of 79.071 years.
Serge Branco is a member of the sports team Levadiakos F.C.
The Stewart R. Mott Foundation is focused on supporting the WikiProject Human Rights within the Wikimedia project.
Seaside, Oregon is an administrative territorial entity contained within Clatsop County, Oregon.
Joonas Tamm is a member of the sports team Trelleborgs FF.
FC Lorient was a participating team in the 2019--20 Ligue 2 season.
Jason Banton is a member of the sports team Notts County F.C.
East London Airport experiences a patronage of +49820, indicating its level of traffic or usage.
Giles Nuttgens was the director of photography for the film "Keep the Aspidistra Flying."
Moody Tank Conservation Park has an elevation of 132 metres above sea level.
The Mbanderu people are indigenous to Southern Africa.
Cristian Cigan is a member of the sports team CS Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Shizong County has a population of 392,361.
Denis Kokarev weighs 174 pounds.
Daan de Lange participated in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The Thai Song language is indigenous to Nakhon Sawan Province.
Hamed Namouchi is a member of the sports team SC Freiburg.
The show "House Husbands" has more than 46 episodes.
El Hadji Diouf, the footballer born in 1988, is a member of the sports team Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
The film "Baby Mama" has a duration of 95 minutes.
Polhamus Landing, Arizona has an elevation of 539 feet above sea level.
Naoki Imaya is a member of the Marconi Stallions FC sports team.
The Kaimanawa Range is approximately 50 kilometres long.
30th Street Station connects to the Chestnut Hill West Line.
Robin Tunney won the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.
Tibor Végh is a member of the sports team FC Veszprém.
Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales is distributed through GOG.com.
Vadim Shefner received the Order of Friendship of Peoples award.
Jörgen Pettersson is a member of the sports team Malmö FF.
Paul Dougherty is a member of the New York Red Bulls sports team.
Otto Lyng held the position of deputy member of the Parliament of Norway.
Casey Thomas is a member of the sports team Port Talbot Town F.C.
Guatemala's inflation rate is 27.9 percent.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The song "The Final Cut" was written by Roger Waters.
Cameron Delport is a member of the Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Carlos Alberto Riccelli is married to Bruna Lombardi.
Chensagi Lake is situated at an elevation of 261 meters above sea level.
"Bluebell in Fairyland" features Peter as one of its characters.
Mihail Petrov is a member of the sports team FC Dobrudzha Dobrich.
Charlie Henry, a footballer born in 1962, was a member of the Cheltenham Town F.C. team.
Laverton Airport is situated at an elevation of 466 metres above sea level.
Kelly Bowen is 72 inches tall.
Andrea Pazzagli is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Jowzjan Province contains the administrative territorial entity known as Fayzabad District.
Moore, Idaho has an elevation of 1,668 meters above sea level.
Ivan Hetsko is a member of the sports team FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.
Ludovic Clemente is a member of the sports team FC Andorra.
The Chicago Transit Authority owns the 35th / Archer station.
The main category for the topic of Altes Stadthaus in Berlin is Category:Altes Stadthaus (Berlin).
Nigatake Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Daniel Russo is a cast member in the film "Mado."
André Sikojev was the executive producer of the 2007 film "Earth."
Rinat Jumabayev has an Elo rating of 2611.
Nightmare Alley is a novel written in the English language.
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station.
Clarkfield, Minnesota has an elevation of 332 meters above sea level.
The 2014 U.S. Open Grand Prix Gold tournament is included in the focus list of the Wikimedia project WikiProject Badminton.
Oleh Mishchenko is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Ashley Westwood, a footballer born in 1976, is a member of Northampton Town F.C.
The album "Live at Montreux 2003" by Jethro Tull has a duration of 4303 seconds.
Paint Township in Holmes County, Ohio, has an elevation of 394 meters above sea level.
Nenad Pralija is a member of the sports team HNK Hajduk Split.
John Casken is employed by the University of Manchester.
Emi Wada was the costume designer for the 2002 film "Hero."
Patrick Ochs is a member of the sports team TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Parachute Woman was produced by Jimmy Miller.
Fred Fisher, a footballer born in January 1910, was a member of Swindon Town F.C.
Igor Kovalenko has an Elo rating of +2639.
Eddy Vega is a member of the sports team Deportivo Zacapa.
The Albany and Schenectady Railroad is located in the United States.
Grahamvale is located within the administrative territorial entity of the City of Greater Shepparton in Victoria.
Hernán Grana is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Los Andes.
Houston, Kansas has an elevation of 2,274 feet above sea level.
Carlos Llamosa is 180 centimeters tall.
Sean Connery won the MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo.
Bill Henderson, a footballer born in 1878, was a member of Southampton F.C.
The 167th Street station on the IND Concourse Line connects with the B service of the New York City Subway.
Simon Wingfield Digby held the position of Member of the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Markus Grössinger is a member of the sports team SV Grödig.
Tito Santana was a cast member of WrestleMania IV.
Alexandre N'Gadi is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Sant Llorenç des Cardassar shares a border with Petra in Spain.
Italy won the 2009 Archery World Cup.
Paul Rémy participated in the Davis Cup.
Walter Guglielmone is a member of the Uruguay national football team.
Pablo Sarabia is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Steve Jocz plays the drum kit.
Bordj Bou Arréridj Province contains the administrative territorial entity known as Bir Kasd Ali District.
Deepak Mondal is a member of the Mahindra United F.C. sports team.
Chua Boon Huat participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
HR 7703 has a parallax of +166.25 milliarcseconds.
Michele Tarallo is a member of the U.S.O. Calcio sports team.
Moctezuma Serrato is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Zacatepec.
Olga Konon participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2018 BWF World Championships.
Randy Livingston is a member of the men's basketball team at Galatasaray S.K.
The Iceland national football team is ranked +97 in their ranking. \n\nFor better fluency, we can rephrase it slightly:\n\nThe Iceland national football team holds a ranking of +97.
Chompoo Sangpo is a member of the sports team Songkhla United F.C.
The Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts was designed by architect Wendy Foster.
Johann Smith is a member of the sports team Kalmar FF.
Robert Kodym is a member of the band Lucie.
Jason Floros is a member of the Sydney Thunder sports team.
The Tanimbar Islands have an elevation of 49 meters above sea level.
Waleed Jassem is a member of the sports team Al Ahli SC in Doha.
Olaf Seier is a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo.
Sergio Bustos is a member of the sports team Talleres de Remedios de Escalada.
Peter Charanis held a Doctor of Historical Sciences degree.
The Dutch-Portuguese War included the First Battle of Salvador da Bahia.
Breadalbane, New South Wales is located in the Division of Hume.
Villabuena del Puente has a population of 705.
Nong Chok District has a population of 98,407.
The 2003 film "The Hunted" has a runtime of 91 minutes.
Mill Park, Victoria has a population of 29,710.
Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
Santiago Ventura Bertomeu plays right-handed.
Gojong of Korea succeeded Cheoljong of Joseon.
Paul Popovich is a member of the Chicago Cubs sports team.
Giorgio Barbolini is a member of the sports team Modena F.C. 2018.
Vallamand is situated at an elevation of 516 meters above sea level.
Petar Aleksandrov is a member of the FC Blue Stars Zürich sports team.
Mathias Jack is a member of the sports team FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Sulphur Springs, Alabama has an elevation of 925 feet above sea level.
Dafne Schippers participated in the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield.
Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira is a member of the sports team Fluminense FC.
Melbourne, Florida has an elevation of 4 meters above sea level.
Harika Dronavalli has an Elo rating of 2526.
Boris Tessmann voiced a character in the episode "Through the Looking Glass" from the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Goodview, Virginia has an elevation of 997 feet above sea level.
Willie D. Burton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Stanislav Tecl is a member of the Czech Republic national under-18 football team.
The Queensland Railways 2100 class is powered by the EMD 645 engine.
The British TV series "Stepping Out" consists of more than 5 episodes.
Jeon Kyung-jun is a member of the sports team Home United FC.
Dollah Salleh is a member of the Negeri Sembilan FA sports team.
Amelia Alicia Anscelly participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2011 Vietnam International Badminton Championships.
Alex Afonso is a member of the sports team G.D. Estoril Praia.
Michel Acosta is a member of the sports team Atenas de San Carlos.
Aegina is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Hervé Renard is the coach of Lille OSC.
Dimitar Pechikamakov is a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa.
Timur Bogatyryov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Avnei Hefetz has an elevation of 200 meters above sea level.
Kryoneri, Olympia is elevated at 486 meters above sea level.
"Ashanti to Zulu" is illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon.
Txomin Nagore is a member of the sports team RC Celta de Vigo.
Wanderson Cristaldo Farias is a member of the Clube Esportivo Nova Esperança sports team.
Jim Leonhard is a member of the Baltimore Ravens sports team.
Heidelberg Township in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 797 feet above sea level.
The 2005 film "Shadowboxing" has a duration of 132 minutes.
Teri Garr's father is Eddie Garr.
Maksym Trusevych is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Noe-Uchindai Station is adjacent to Sekime-Takadono Station.
Tavares Seaplane Base has an elevation of 63 feet above sea level.
Yevhen Kovalenko is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
The 2018 WNBA season was a sports season of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Nathan Ashton is a member of the England national under-17 football team.
Levan Kebadze is a member of the sports team FC Torpedo Kutaisi.
Richard Steven Horvitz voices the character Invader Zim.
Lewis Toshney is a member of the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Donald G. Saari won the Chauvenet Prize.
Wilfried Pallhuber participated in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
El Port de la Selva has a population of 791.
Simon Brown, a footballer born in 1976, is a member of the sports team Hibernian F.C.
Andreas Vogler, the footballer, is a member of the sports team Tennis Borussia Berlin. Note that there seems to be a slight inconsistency since Tennis Borussia Berlin is primarily known for tennis, but the statement specifies Andreas Vogler as a footballer. Assuming the context is about his membership, the sentence accurately reflects the given information.
Kali Alaudeen is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Chandrika de Silva participated in the women's doubles event of the 1995 Sri Lanka Badminton Championships.
The Edward Harrison Memorial Prize is conferred by the Chemical Society.
The head of government in Triors holds the office of Mayor of Triors.
Eric Bana won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Mirko Taccola is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
The head of government in Villechantria holds the office of Mayor of Villechantria.
Tim Sills is a member of the sports team Hereford United F.C.
Wollaston Foreland is located within the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Ted Critchley is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
Ilha das Flores has an elevation of 3 meters above sea level.
Kremlin, Oklahoma has an elevation of 341 meters above sea level.
Cheri Oteri is a cast member in the movie "Grown Ups 2."
Avenue de Wagram shares its border with rue Alphonse-de-Neuville.
Villers-sur-Mer has a population of 2,721.
Nélson Fernandes is a member of the sports team S.L. Benfica.
Mikita Bukatkin is a member of the sports team FC Minsk.
Ganiu Ogungbe is a member of the sports team AC Omonia.
Aksel Gresvig is the chairperson of the Norwegian Skating Association.
Ana Romero is a member of the Real Betis Féminas sports team.
Benjamin Raich participated in the men's slalom event of Alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Germain Burger was the director of photography for the film "The Man with the Twisted Lip."
William H. Hudnut III was the head of government in Indianapolis.
Hikaru Sulu appears in the work "The Voyage Home."
L'Anse-au-Loup has a population of 558.
Juan Ferreri is a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate in Montevideo.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway uses a two-foot gauge track.
Mathieu Robail is a member of the sports team Dijon FCO.
Kepler-444 has an apparent magnitude of +10.01.
"Vampirates: Tide of Terror" is published by Simon & Schuster.
Steinfeld railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
El Rebollar is part of Merindad de Sotoscueva.
Delaware County, New York has a population of 47,621.
Bryan Mélisse is a member of the sports team F91 Dudelange.
Dan Fritsche is a member of the New York Rangers sports team.
Brittany Murphy was a cast member in the film Cherry Falls.
István Ferenczi is a member of the sports team VfL Osnabrück.
Andy Sandell is a member of the sports team Forest Green Rovers F.C.
San Buenaventura Municipality, located in La Paz, has an elevation of 300 meters above sea level.
Pablo Vitti is a member of the sports team Toronto FC.
Jean-Christian Lang is a member of the France Olympic football team.
Jimmy Mann is a member of the Scunthorpe United F.C. football team.
In the show "Me and My Girl," one of the characters is Lord Jasper Tring.
Mobin Mirdoraghi is a member of the Sanaye Giti Pasand F.C. sports team.
Jack Riley voiced a character in the movie "Rugrats in Paris: The Movie."
The University of South Australia has a campus located in Whyalla Norrie, South Australia.
Isques shares a border with Saint-Léonard in Pas-de-Calais.
Andrius Gedgaudas is a member of the sports team Keşla FK.
James Bridges was a partner of Jack Larson.
Christophe Lemaitre achieved victory at the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Marcelo Guerrero is a member of the sports team Club Sportivo Cerrito.
Chiang Rai Province has a population of 1,129,701.
Hondlon District is located in the time zone UTC +08:00.
The Makkaur Lighthouse has a range of +17.6 nautical miles.
Cesar Rivera is a member of the Orange County SC sports team.
At the 1956 Winter Olympics, Georges Schneider was the flag bearer for Switzerland.
The Godesberger Bach is a tributary of the Keltersbaumbach.
Clark International Airport has a patronage of +87775, indicating a significant number of passengers or users.
Hellen Obiri participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Norbert Hofmann, a footballer born in 1972, is a member of the sports team FSV Oggersheim.
The population of Oberweser is 3278.
Thomas Supis weighs 187 pounds.
The New Haven EP-2 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
Nordheim, located in Baden-Württemberg, has an elevation of 188 meters above sea level.
The Royal Opera was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production.
Manu Hervás is a member of the sports team Valdres FK.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2113.
Jota, the footballer born in 1999, weighs 60 kilograms.
Takayuki Yoshida is a member of the Yokohama Flügels sports team.
Zakraj, Bloke has an elevation of 774.9 meters above sea level.
Fabien Boudarène is a member of the sports team Dijon FCO.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vila Real has its cathedral in the Cathedral of Vila Real.
Beiye Township has an elevation of 338 meters above sea level.
The Crucible features Mercy Lewis as one of its characters.
Cairns Airport had a patronage of 2,690,311 passengers.
Lili Hinstin is the director or manager of the Locarno Festival.
Kutlovac, Mitrovica is located in the Central European Time zone.
The film "Une ravissante idiote" features Louise Chevalier as a cast member.
Goshen, California is situated at an elevation of 87 meters above sea level.
Ruslan Malinovskyi is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
Joe Oliver was a member of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team.
Ceiba, Puerto Rico has a population of 12,218.
Russell Maughan was educated at Utah State University.
Oier Olazábal is a member of the sports team Real Sociedad.
Torrelles de Foix has a population of 1,103.
Moshe Glam is a member of the sports team Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Roberto Mogrovejo is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
Ismail Morina is a member of the sports team 1. FC Bad Kötzting.
Antonio Ananiev is a member of the sports team PFC Slavia Sofia.
Renato Anselmi participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Rodrigue Dikaba is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
Japan National Route 422 partially coincides with both Shiga Prefectural Road and Kyoto Prefectural Road Route 3.
Manfred Pohlschmidt is a member of the sports team FC Schalke 04.
Alessandro Pellicori is a member of the sports team U.S. Lecce.
Piz Toissa has a topographic prominence of 310 meters.
Eric Bokanga is a member of the sports team S.L. Benfica (Luanda).
Arkansas Timberlands is located in the United States.
Haltom City, Texas has an elevation of 163 meters above sea level.
Tezpur Airport is associated with the patronage code +711.
Klavdiya Shulzhenko received the Medal "For the Defence of Leningrad."
Kristen Skjeldal participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 2003.
The Esteiro Lighthouse has a range of 21 nautical miles.
A food steamer is located in Tunisia.
Johnny Dusbaba is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Doug Sisk is a member of the Baltimore Orioles sports team.
Naoto Takenaka is the voice actor for the character in "Sword of the Stranger."
Brindisi railway station is adjacent to the Brindisi Perrino railway halt.
Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport has received patronage amounting to +136,783.
The Naples--Aversa railway is 10.5 kilometres long.
Cheng Wen-hsing participated in the women's doubles event at the 2001 IBF World Championships.
Renze Fij is a member of the sports team SC Veendam.
Colorado Springs Airport had a patronage of 2,481,098 passengers.
Gerrie Mühren was a member of the sports team AFC Ajax.
Mahovci has an elevation of 223 meters above sea level.
Kim Barnett is a member of the Impalas cricket team.
Jonathan Howard is a member of the sports team Burton Albion F.C.
The Sadang River is 180 kilometers long.
San Salvador has an elevation of 658 meters above sea level.
Saralee Thungthongkam participated in the women's doubles badminton event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Johansen is a member of the Norway national football team.
Jingdezhen Luojia Airport is elevated 34 meters above sea level.
Nortons, Oregon has an elevation of 187 feet above sea level.
Iliyan Kiryakov is a member of the sports team OFC Akademik Svishtov.
Zaza Janashia is a member of the Georgia national football team.
King Island Airport has a patronage of +34,975.
Craig Stanley is a member of the sports team Raith Rovers F.C.
Taylor Peay is a member of the Ogden Outlaws sports team.
Ulrich Vinzents is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Johnny Downie is a member of the Stalybridge Celtic F.C. sports team.
John Alt is 80 inches tall.
Bell, Wisconsin has an elevation of 339 meters above sea level.
Metcalfe Street in Ottawa is associated with a KML file, which can be found using the template: Attached KML/Metcalfe Street.
Denys Vasin is a member of the sports team FC Belshina Bobruisk.
Luis Abramovich is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Belgrano.
Abhimanyu Mithun is a member of the Sunrisers Hyderabad sports team.
Marcel Oerlemans is a member of the sports team First Vienna FC.
Jorge Espinoza is a member of the Illinois Thunder sports team.
Mozambique has a life expectancy of approximately 50.007 years.
The 2001 film "Stowaway" is a Hong Kong production.
The Statute of Westminster 1931 applied to Mauritius from 1968 to 1992.
Francisco Sánchez de la Fuente held the position of diocesan bishop.
Berrian Mountain has a topographic prominence of 927 feet.
Malcolm Thomas, born in 1988, is a basketball player who is a member of the Austin Spurs.
Kimiko Shiratori is a member of the Japan women's national football team.
Abdellatif Boutaty is a member of the Stade Toulousain sports team.
Marcel Schied is a member of the sports team TSG Neustrelitz.
The Villa Viciosa Agta language is used in the Philippines.
Vladislav Kulik is a member of the sports team FC Rotor Volgograd.
Johannes Walther is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Robert Vidalin is a cast member in the film "Elena and Her Men."
Valerii Semenets is the rector of Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics.
The album "Simple Pleasures" by Bobby McFerrin is in the English language.
Maxime Faget won the ASME Medal.
Rodrigo Ruiz is a member of the sports team Tecos F.C.
The 2016 Strade Bianche cycling event had a distance of 176 kilometres.
Shlomi Yosef Azulay is a member of the sports team Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Roberto de Assis Moreira is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Kumano Nachi Taisha includes the Nachi Primeval Forest as part of its site.
José Manuel Babak is a member of the sports team Club 2 de Mayo.
Kathryn V. Marinello is the chief executive officer of Thrifty Car Rental.
The Raven River is 85 kilometers long.
The film "The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of" was directed by photography by Billy Bitzer. \n\n(Note: There seems to be a minor grammatical adjustment needed for clarity. A more polished version would be:)\n\nThe film "The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of" was photographed by Billy Bitzer.
Steve Balboni was a member of the Texas Rangers baseball team.
Yevgeni Pesegov is a member of the sports team FC Tolyatti.
Eckert Field Airport has an elevation of 426 feet above sea level.
Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin serves as the rector of Humboldt University of Berlin.
Rubén Capria is a member of the sports team Chacarita Juniors.
Antoine Tassy is a member of the Haiti national football team.
Deon Butler weighs 182 pounds.
Chiayi Park includes the Sun-Shooting Tower as one of its features.
The 2016-17 Azerbaijan Premier League had an increase of 8 participants.
Kanagawa Prefecture owns Kanagawa Prefectural Road Route 75.
Davide Biondini is a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio.
Otis Roberts is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
Rocco Sabato is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Upshur County, West Virginia, shares a border with Harrison County, West Virginia.
John Middleton, a footballer born in 1910, was a member of Darlington F.C.
In the musical "Sally," one of the characters is Rosalind Rafferty.
Ricky Januarie is a member of the Lyon OU sports team.
Sangamori Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
William Robert Colton worked in Paris.
John Burgoyne is described in "The New Student's Reference Work."
Ardian Kozniku is a member of the sports team GNK Dinamo Zagreb.
Littlefield, Arizona has an elevation of 565 meters above sea level.
Brundage, Texas is located in the Central Time Zone.
Nick Wright, born in 1987, is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Tamworth F.C.
Aleksandr Molodtsov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jorge Manuel Ulate is a member of the Costa Rica national under-20 football team.
Protoconchoididae is a taxonomic group that belongs to the phylum Monoplacophora.
Jon Conway is a member of the sports team Chivas USA.
Star Trek: The Next Generation had 26 episodes in its sixth season.
Sania Mirza participated in the tennis events at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gustav Siemon works in Berlin.
Torrington, Wyoming is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
The album "Paradise Lost" is named in the English language.
Faulquemont is governed by a mayor who holds the office of head of government.
Jim Allenby is a member of the Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Julia Dent Cantacuzène Spiransky-Grant is married to Prince Mikhail Cantacuzène.
Ide, a district in Kyoto, has a population of 7,910.
Paul Sabatier University categorizes its alumni under the Category:Paul Sabatier University alumni.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 had 42 participating countries.
Amin Younes is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli.
Ethan Jolley is a member of the sports team Lynx F.C.
Kjetil Osvold is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Histon railway station has two platform tracks.
Mueang Ranong District contains the administrative territorial entity of Ngao.
Tobias Duffner is a member of the sports team Kickers Emden.
Bradley Bubb is a member of the Grenada national football team.
Alan Lascelles was awarded the title of Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath.
The 2008 BNP Paribas Masters, a major tennis tournament, falls under the category of the 2008 BNP Paribas Masters.
Joeri Schroyen is a member of the sports team VVV-Venlo.
Niklas Westberg is a member of the sports team AFC Eskilstuna.
Daniel Quaye is a member of the sports team Chongqing Dangdai Lifan F.C.
Aleksandr Valentinovich Zhidkov is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
R.A. Dickey is a member of the Tacoma Rainiers sports team.
Linköping / Saab Airport is under the patronage of +4696.
Alim Karkayev is a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Lee Beevers is a member of the Ipswich Town F.C. sports team.
Neil Harvey is a member of the sports team Hednesford Town F.C.
Winnenden has a population of 24,655.
Anton Kostadinov is a member of the sports team FC Montana.
Lewis Young is a member of the sports team Yeovil Town F.C.
Oguchi Uche is a member of the sports team Enyimba International F.C.
Franck Lepage was inspired by Karl Marx.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 32.
Vampeta was a member of the Sports Club Corinthians Paulista.
Hesperange has a population of 12,395.
In the comics, Ruse is illustrated by Mike Perkins.
Panagiotis Spyropoulos is a member of the sports team Niki Volou FC.
Andy McGuigan is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
Ismo Lius is a member of the sports team Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, has two children.
Frank McEwen was educated at Mill Hill School.
Arne Feick is a member of the Germany national under-20 football team.
Marcus Richardson is a member of the Harrow Borough F.C. sports team.
Salamanca Airport has a patronage of +22,718.
John Paterson is a member of the Leicester City F.C. sports team.
Giuseppe Alessi is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli.
Eta Microscopii has an apparent magnitude of +2.596.
Sydney Trains operates the Bankstown Line.
Lev Aptekar has an Elo rating of +2240.
Andy Marriott is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Osip Senkovsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Randall William Cook was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Starpoint Gemini can be played using a computer keyboard as the input method.
Viktor Mikhalchuk received the Order of Merit, 3rd class, from Ukraine.
Souleymane Youla is a member of the Guinea national football team.
Harib Al-Habsi is a member of the Oman national football team.
Sergei Kosov is a member of the sports team Columbus Crew SC.
Ohio State Route 363 is 1.43 miles long.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of +2526.
Sergei Kovalev was awarded the Officer of the Legion of Honour.
Yevgeni Varlamov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Fritz Weiss was detained in the Theresienstadt Ghetto.
Eduardo Ribeiro dos Santos is a member of the sports team RC Lens.
Brian Deane is a member of the sports team Sheffield United F.C.
Gladstone, Queensland is elevated 21 metres above sea level.
Fabián Bordagaray is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
GoGo Penguin is a group that includes Chris Illingworth as a member.
Marcel Gassouk was a cast member in the 1960 film "The Joker."
Deborah Richter is a cast member in the film "Winners Take All."
Carrie Preston is a cast member of the TV show "The Good Wife."
Steve Buscemi was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male.
Dmitry Ignatenko, a footballer born in 1969, was a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok.
The Neustrelitz -- Warnemünde railway terminates in Neustrelitz.
Harry Penk is a member of the sports team Wigan Athletic F.C.
Jon Knudsen is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland.
Roberto Cortese is a member of the sports team A.S.D.P. Ribera 1954.
Lenzburg is situated at an elevation of 413 meters above sea level.
Bebe Neuwirth is a cast member of the show "The Good Fight."
Sandip Trivedi was a doctoral student of John Preskill.
Omar Sowunmi is a member of the sports team Braintree Town F.C.
Mick Mahon is a member of the sports team North Shields F.C.
German Avenue Road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saxony.
Sostis has a population of 1,176.
Arad County contains the administrative territorial entity of Dezna.
The Townline Tunnel crosses the Welland Canal.
Nathan Paulse is a member of the sports team Ajax Cape Town F.C.
John Vogel contributed to the Catholic Encyclopedia.
Sofie De Vuyst is a member of the Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.
Jimmy Argue is a member of the Shrewsbury Town F.C. sports team.
Alex Pineda Chacón is a member of the LA Galaxy sports team.
The Mattersburg District contains the administrative territorial entity Wiesen, Austria.
Omsukchan is located in the Vladivostok Time Zone.
Andy Sayer is a member of the sports team Fulham F.C.
Serampore is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Catuji has a human development index of +0.621.
Thomas Mavros is a member of the sports team Panionios F.C.
Miah Dennehy is a member of the Waterford F.C. sports team.
Kota Airport has a patronage of +215, indicating its usage or visitor count.
Soh Wooi Yik participated in the men's doubles event at the 2018 BWF World Championships.
Georgi Kaloyanov is a member of the sports team PFC Burgas.
Conor Ramsay is a member of the Arthurlie F.C. sports team.
Hong Kong is a signatory to the Berne Convention.
Collado de la Vera has a population of 181.
Stefan Halper was educated at Stanford University.
Miguel Herlein is a member of the sports team Club Recreativo Granada.
John Brown, a footballer born in 1947, was a member of the Stockport County F.C. team.
Martin McNeil is a member of the sports team Torquay United F.C.
Hristijan Dragarski is a member of the sports team FK Radnik Surdulica.
Jonas Lindberg is a member of the sports team Varbergs BoIS.
The Misumi Line connects with Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 50.
Montenegro has a total fertility rate of 1.875.
John Morris is a member of the England cricket team.
Matthias Morys is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
The population of Vallda increased by 913.
Mikkel Andersen is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mario Cáceres is a member of the sports team FC St. Gallen.
La Rioja Province in Argentina contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Independencia Department.
The Branisko Tunnel has a length of 4,975 meters.
Lapu-Lapu, a city in the Philippines, has a population of 217,019.
Lusk, Tennessee has an elevation of 801 feet above sea level.
Iwate Prefecture owns Iwate Prefectural Road Route 225.
The Bolshoy Salym River is a tributary of the Chupa.
Antron Dillon weighs 270 pounds.
Aleksei Trinitatskiy is a member of the FSC Dolgoprudny sports team.
Stephan Loboué is a member of the sports team SC Paderborn 07.
Batman Returns was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Fuxian Lake is approximately 30 kilometers long.
Pingfeng Mountain has an elevation of 3,250 meters above sea level.
Muscat is elevated at 69 metres above sea level.
Suradej Saotaisong is a member of the sports team Police Tero F.C.
Cory Gibbs is a member of the New England Revolution sports team.
Julianne Moore won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead.
Belle Valley, Ohio has an elevation of 227 meters above sea level.
Saeed Al-Zahrani is a member of the Al-Wehda Club in Mecca.
Evan Bates participated in the ice dancing event at the 2019 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
The Wells Fargo Center in Los Angeles includes the Wells Fargo Tower as one of its components.
Cec Edey is a member of the sports team Macclesfield Town F.C.
The Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore is maintained by the National Park Service.
John Fishbaugher is a member of the Kitsap Pumas sports team.
Perth railway station in Scotland is adjacent to Ladybank railway station.
Thiouthioune has an elevation of 23 meters above sea level.
Jack Obersteller is a member of the Grays Athletic F.C. sports team.
San Benedetto del Tronto is twinned with Alfortville.
Gutach im Breisgau has a population of 3,498 people.
The population of Poinville is 144.
The Rio de Janeiro Metro includes Line 1 as one of its parts.
In Sanma Province, the Tasmate language is used.
Gavin Strachan is a member of the sports team Corby Town F.C.
Ilitch Holdings was founded by Marian Ilitch.
Mike Williamson is a member of the sports team Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Japan National Route 313 is maintained by Hiroshima Prefecture.
Sandy Sánchez is a member of the sports team CF Granma.
Chris Brown, the footballer born in 1984, is a member of Norwich City F.C.
Paracetamol has a mass of 151.063 daltons.
PJ Marsh is a member of the New Zealand Warriors sports team.
The James Monroe Building has 12 elevators.
Andreas Hilfiker is a member of the sports team FC Aarau.
Chinna Rajulagumada has more than 419 households.
MacAskills Lake has an elevation of 192 metres above sea level.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference was founded by the Saeima.
The documentary "Inside Fighting China" has a duration of 22 minutes.
Livio Pin is a member of the sports team Udinese Calcio.
Aurelio Bacciarini was consecrated by Domenico Bianconi.
La Roue Tourangelle starts its season in April.
Diyala Governorate has a population of 1,371,035.
Walldorf has a population of 14,592.
Luke O'Neill is a member of the England national under-17 football team.
Werner Schroeter was a participant in Documenta 5.
The Prayag-Bareilly Express is an instance of express trains in India.
Joel Filani is a member of the Tennessee Titans sports team.
Canaseraga Creek has a watershed area of 334 square miles.
Wang Wei participated in the men's doubles badminton event at the 2002 Asian Games. \n\n(Note: There seems to be a potential inconsistency since "Wang Wei" typically refers to a female player, and men's doubles involves two male players. However, based on the given information, this is the most accurate conversion.)
R Coronae Australis is an infrared source.
Adrian Viveash is a member of the Swindon Town F.C. sports team.
Strasbourg Airport has a patronage of +964,000.
Misbun Sidek participated in the 1980 IBF World Championships in Men's Doubles.
Sergi Darder is a member of the Spain national under-21 football team.
Clifford Heap is a member of the sports team Burnley F.C.
David Chipperfield received the European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage, also known as the Europa Nostra Awards.
Dave Beasant was a member of the England national football team.
Francisco Zuela is a member of the sports team Xanthi F.C.
Mike Ambersley is a member of the St. Louis Strikers sports team.
Randy Kuhl held the position of member of the New York State Assembly.
In the manga "Kaiji," the character is voiced by Toshiharu Sakurai.
Frank Richardson, a footballer born in 1897, was a member of West Ham United F.C.
Royersford, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 239 feet above sea level.
Fiji has a population of approximately 754,923.
Ariel Damian Grana is a member of the sports team CD Toledo.
Fritz Lindemann received the Order of the Crown from Romania.
The Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm has an installed capacity of 402 megawatts.
Paul Adelstein is a cast member of the TV series "Medium."
Chris Rogers is a member of the Australia national cricket team.
Sonny Pike is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
David Bruno is a member of the sports team FC Porto B.
Bruno Koagne Tokam is a member of the Odivelas F.C. sports team.
The Software and Information Industry Association was founded in 1984.
Dean Chandler is a member of the sports team Woking F.C.
Thomas Birtles is a member of the sports team Barnsley F.C.
Kaliningrad Oblast contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Nemansky District.
The Lithuania national football team is ranked 98th in the world.
Itoigawa Station is adjacent to Himekawa Station in Niigata.
Gershon Koffie is a member of the sports team International Allies F.C.
Kadov in the Znojmo District shares a border with Petrovice in the Znojmo District.
Fort Sill is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The 2011 Kelantan FA season was the season of the Kelantan FA club.
Oliver Grainger is a voice actor for the TV series "Arthur."
Mikhail Alfimov is a member of the sports team FC Yelets.
Hoyershausen has an elevation of 142 meters above sea level.
Samir Subash Naik is a member of the India national football team.
STS-60 reached a periapsis of 348 kilometers.
The Hardanger District Court applies to the jurisdiction of Granvin.
Matthias Peßolat is a member of the Chemnitzer FC sports team.
Adam Sandler is a cast member in the movie "The Wedding Singer."
Jawad Williams is a member of the Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. sports team.
Jason Ward is a member of the New York Rangers sports team.
Federico Nanni is a member of the San Marino national football team.
Peter Tempesta is a sibling of Maria of Naples.
Jonathan Filewich weighs 208 pounds.
Pavel Loskutov participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kearney, Missouri has an elevation of 261 meters above sea level.
Lester Conner is a member of the Rapid City Thrillers sports team.
Luck, North Carolina has an elevation of 780 meters above sea level.
Youngs Bottom, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Leo White is a cast member of the show "Little Miss Thoroughbred."
The Elms in Derbyshire is located in the United Kingdom.
The 2nd Spetsnaz Brigade was involved in the Second Chechen War.
The documentary "Union Maids" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
"The Remains of the Day" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
Ty Shipalane is a member of the Richmond Kickers sports team.
Laura Linney is the voice actor for the character Arthur Christmas.
"Jerry Springer: The Opera" features Steve Wilkos as one of its characters.
Heiwajima Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Ed Olwine is a member of the Norfolk Tides sports team.
Alessandro Petrucci was consecrated by Pope Paul V.
Myleene Klass was a presenter at the Miss World 2013 pageant.
The 2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg tennis tournament included a doubles competition as part of its events.
Gilles Sunu is a member of the sports team Derby County F.C.
Winslow, Arkansas has an elevation of 527 meters above sea level.
Pentala Harikrishna has an Elo rating of 2741.
The 1987 film "Sleeping Beauty" is based on the story "The Beauty Sleeping in the Wood."
Duffy Cobbs weighs 178 pounds.
Vanderson Stolk Francisco is a member of the Central Sport Club.
Svoboda, located in Burgas Province, has an elevation of 24 meters above sea level.
Oleksandr Koval is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Oliver Springs, Tennessee is elevated at 243 meters above sea level.
Ivan Petkov is a member of the sports team FC Kaliakra Kavarna.
The Rehburg Hills have an elevation of 138 meters above sea level.
La Chapelle-Yvon has a population of 525.
Peng Bunchay is a member of the sports team Boeung Ket Angkor FC.
The Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway owns the Vuarennes station.
Julio Marchant is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors.
Wang Mang is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Guido Balsamo Stella has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
The Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is adjacent to the Gare de Gannat.
Devanakonda has a population of 10,493.
Estonia's inflation rate is 3.9 percent.
The South Asian Federation of Accountants is an international organization.
State Route 343, which spans New York and Connecticut, is 18.45 miles long.
Pavel Bugalo is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team.
Joel Sánchez, a Mexican footballer, is a member of the sports team C.D. Guadalajara.
Kagawa Prefecture owns Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 24.
Sofiane Ben Braham is a member of the sports team Amiens AC.
Faryab Province has an elevation of 584 meters above sea level.
Doug Beach is a member of the sports team Colchester United F.C.
Hristo Yanev is a member of the sports team PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.
The Parc Naturel Régional de la Chartreuse is located in the administrative territorial entity of Barraux.
Vaja has a population of 3,515.
Altbach has a population of 5,559 people.
Bridget Malcolm is represented by The Society Management.
Stockport, Iowa has an elevation of 229 meters above sea level.
Aroostook County, Maine contains the administrative territorial entity of Ludlow, Maine.
Chandler Catanzaro is 191 centimeters tall.
Leigh Jakes is a member of the sports team Kokkola Futis 10.
Xiangtan North railway station has 3 platform tracks.
Exhibition Stadium cost 17,600,000 Canadian dollars to build.
Artem Simonyan is a member of the Armenia national football team.
Dimitris Karademitros is a member of the sports team Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Kita-Urawa Station has 2 platform tracks.
Shimane Prefecture owns Shimane Prefectural Road Route 310.
The 26th Division of the German Empire was located in Stuttgart.
Marcello Boldrini is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Roger Morin was consecrated by Francis B. Schulte.
Youssef Absi was consecrated by Gregory III Laham.
Sydney Airport had a patronage of 68,132,140 passengers.
Dennis Schmidt, a footballer, is a member of the sports team TSV Meerbusch.
The Fraunhofer Institute for Photonic Microsystems is a subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Society.
The Lake Gardner Seaplane Base has an elevation of 87 feet above sea level.
Javier Bardem was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Actor.
Hakim Warrick is a member of the Phoenix Suns sports team.
Pennsylvania Route 445 is 11.998 miles long.
John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of the Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. sports team.
Agustín Torassa is a member of the sports team Chacarita Juniors.
The Burundi national football team is ranked at +112.
Vercelli railway station is adjacent to the San Germano Vercellese train station.
Darius is a character in the TV series "Highlander: The Series."
Frans Badens works in Amsterdam.
The Rhode Island Historical Society generated a total revenue of $6,520,752.
Waldeck Ornelas was a signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
Fausto Fernandes signed the Constitution of Brazil.
John Fleming, a footballer born in 1890, was a member of Newcastle United F.C.
Roskilde Airport has the patronage number +30252.
Saessolsheim's head of government holds the office of Mayor of Saessolsheim.
Anatoli Kozhemyakin has a mass of 78 kilograms.
Eswatini has a life expectancy of approximately 47.805 years.
Salmon Falls, California, is situated at an elevation of 469 feet above sea level.
Kelve Road railway station is located in the time zone of Indian Standard Time.
Sarah Wagenfuhr is a member of the Western New York Flash sports team.
Nagano Prefecture owns Nagano Prefectural Road Route 183.
André Gomes is a member of the sports team FC Barcelona.
Jeff Francis is a member of the Toronto Blue Jays sports team.
Nick Ingman was educated at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
900 South station is maintained by the Utah Transit Authority.
Clayton Township in Perry County, Ohio has an elevation of 299 meters above sea level.
Fatboy Slim won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction.
Gunma Prefecture owns Gunma Prefectural Road Route 222.
Roman Oreshchuk is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Yani Urdinov is a member of the Belgium national under-17 football team.
Simona Quadarella participated in the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships.
Jordan Kirkpatrick is a member of the sports team Dumbarton F.C.
Jermaine Jackson was a member of the Great Lakes Storm sports team.
J. Smith-Cameron is a cast member in the show "The Equalizer."
Asempa FM broadcasts at a frequency of 94.7 megahertz.
Frank Martin, the mayor, speaks, writes, and signs the English language.
Sara Bronfman is the sibling of Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Sven Dodlek is a member of the Slovenia national under-17 football team.
Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. is a single-player video game.
Supriyadi is a member of the Persitara Jakarta Utara football team.
Shanghai Express was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Gibralter Hill has an elevation of 483 meters above sea level.
Ludwigsfelde-Struveshof station has 2 platform tracks.
Freddie Woodman is a member of the sports team Crawley Town F.C.
The Donald Duck universe is the fictional setting described in the comic "Trash or Treasure."
Pat Heard is a member of the sports team Rotherham United F.C.
Wally Schang was a member of the Boston Red Sox sports team.
Wilman Conde is a member of the sports team S.D. Aucas.
Tony Bird, a footballer born in 1974, is a member of the sports team Cardiff City F.C.
North Korea has a total fertility rate of 1.991.
Freck Langsam has a duration of 84 minutes.
Emiliano Bigica is a member of the sports team Mantova 1911 S.S.D.
Rena Inoue's business or sport partner is John Baldwin, who is a figure skater.
Sorin Cârțu is a member of the sports team CS Universitatea Craiova.
Ken Wallace participated in the canoeing event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The common shrew has a gestation period of about 20 days.
Sif Ruud is a cast member of the production "Sommar och syndare."
Theta Centauri has an effective temperature of +4755 kelvin.
Elisabeth Risdon was a cast member in "The Roaring Twenties."
Jaime Navarro is a member of the Chicago Cubs sports team.
Milton James is a cast member in the 1987 film "The Stranger."
The Liteyny Bridge has a length of 396 meters.
Henrique Loureiro dos Santos is a member of the sports team Esporte Clube Bahia.
Nikola Marinov is a student of Ilija Petrov.
Ian Muir is a member of the sports team Tranmere Rovers F.C.
El Salvador has an inflation rate of 9.8 percent.
In Iba, Zambales, the head of government holds the office of Mayor.
Marco Rossi, a footballer born in 1987, is a member of the sports team Robur Siena.
Hagens Berman Axeon participated in the 2019 Tour of Utah.
The Viking Stadion has a maximum capacity of 16,300 people.
Barra Airport is identified by the patronage code +8486.
Jamie McQuilken is a member of the sports team St Johnstone F.C.
Bates County, Missouri shares a border with Cass County, Missouri.
Colin Blakely is a cast member of the production Red Monarch.
Matthias Lehmann is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
Dimitrios Verginis is a member of the Panathinaikos B.C. sports team.
Vladimir Kazakov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Shlomi Avisidris is a member of the sports team Hapoel Ironi Safed F.C.
Serge Djiehoua is a member of the Stella Club d'Adjamé sports team.
Ronen Harazi is a member of the Israel national football team.
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire are available in French.
Jim Barron is a member of the sports team Peterborough United F.C.
Ball's Bluff Battlefield and National Cemetery is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ramón Rivas participated in the 1990 FIBA World Championship.
Ken Loach received the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Andrea Gasbarroni is a member of the Italy national under-18 football team.
Fabio Lauria is a member of the sports team Parma Calcio 1913.
New Harmony, Utah is situated at an elevation of 1,617 meters above sea level.
The Sky Office Tower has 22 floors above ground.
Ryan Baldacchino is a member of the sports team Hume City FC.
The population of Maure in Pyrénées-Atlantiques has increased by 112.
Villenbach is an administrative territorial entity contained within the district of Dillingen.
Tony Smith is a member of the Phoenix Eclipse basketball team.
Ichikawa-Hommachi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time timezone.
Andy Kennedy, a footballer born in 1964, was a member of Sheffield United F.C.
Camille Patha is featured on the focus list of the Art + Feminism Wikimedia project.
Banj, Croatia is located in Zadar County.
Porto Santo Airport has a patronage of +1083.
Artyom Kulishev is a member of the sports team FC Vityaz Podolsk.
Bojan Djordjic is a member of the sports team Aarhus Gymnastikforening.
Andrzej Kubica is a member of the sports team Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Marianne Vos won the 2010 Giro d'Italia Femminile.
Amir Hossein Yousefi is a member of the sports team Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Walter Tyndale worked in Paris.
Juanjo is a member of the Santiago Futsal team.
Taylor Pyatt is a member of the Buffalo Sabres sports team.
Adam Stachowiak is a member of the sports team Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Jan Justus Enschedé is a sibling of Frederik Eduard Enschedé.
Randy Niemann is a member of the Minnesota Twins sports team.
Alnus cremastogyne has nucules as its fruit type.
Milano Certosa railway station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Luke McAlister is a member of the Sale Sharks sports team.
ABNT NBR 15607 is a technical standard.
Hejiang County contains the administrative territorial entity known as Fawangsi.
Marshall Soper is a member of the Australia national soccer team.
Tol Air was founded in 1981.
The NGC 5679 Group has an apparent magnitude of +12.200.
André Luciano da Silva is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional.
Morten Christensen is a cast member in the film "This Life."
Olympiakos Nicosia was a participating team in the 1954-55 Cypriot First Division.
Eaton Square connects with Lyall Street.
Zyryansky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time Zone.
Antun Kovacic is a member of the Oakleigh Cannons FC sports team.
Ricardinho Paraiba is a member of the Valeriodoce Esporte Clube sports team.
Pontassieve has a population of over 20,646.
Efosa Eguakun is a member of the Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Paulo Henrique Carneiro Filho is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Albert Hall participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nitish Kumar holds the position of Chief Minister of Bihar.
The Winterthur Wallrüti railway station is located at an elevation of 458 meters above sea level.
Eugene Chung is 193 centimeters tall.
Chiraiotsu Station is adjacent to Ishikari-Tsukigata Station.
Mariángel Ruiz was the presenter for Miss Venezuela 2012.
Vladimir Golmak is the coach of the sports team FC SKVICH Minsk.
According to the Small Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, the Kymi River is described.
Simone Borgheresi won the 2000 Giro del Trentino.
The County of Moira contains the administrative territorial entity known as Boomahnoomoonah.
Gustavo Bastos is a member of the sports team ABC Futebol Clube.
Georgi Kanev participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Kamarul Effandi is a member of the Perak FA sports team.
Daniel Waenga is a member of the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union sports team.
David Chadwick Smith was educated at Harvard University.
Brian Vandenbussche is a member of the Club Brugge KV women's sports team.
Erftstadt has an elevation of 94 meters above sea level.
The 1992 Leeds City Council election followed the 1991 Leeds City Council election.
Rio Grande City, Texas, is situated at an elevation of 53 meters above sea level.
Silvio Pagano is a member of the sports team Wuppertaler SV.
Kazuhiro Suzuki is a member of the sports team JEF United Chiba.
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania is a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
Drew Powell is a cast member of the TV series "Twisted."
Podgora, Dobrepolje has an elevation of 438.9 meters above sea level.
Robert Baxter Llewelyn held the position of Administrator of Grenada.
NGC 6210 has a right ascension of approximately +251.123 degrees.
The apparent magnitude of S Coronae Australis is +11.76.
Berrilee, New South Wales, has an elevation of 182 meters above sea level.
Sascha Lenhart is a member of the sports team Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
The Haixia Olympic Center has a maximum capacity of 60,000 people.
The Tuska Open Air Metal Festival is held at the VR warehouses.
Eynsham railway station has two platform tracks.
Parli Vaijnath railway station is located in the time zone of Indian Standard Time.
Ramon Sinkeldam is 193 centimeters tall.
The 2009 film "The Tunnel" was originally produced in the Shona language.
The female population in Keilor North, Victoria, has increased by 34.
Walnut Springs, Texas has an elevation of 278 meters above sea level.
Ruslan Khubetsov is a member of the sports team FC Elista.
Chozas de Abajo has a population of 2449.
Bill Cobbs is a cast member in the film "Duck."
Lilian Astier is a member of the FC Mulhouse sports team.
Patrick Galbraith is a member of the Frölunda HC ice hockey team.
The 2012 film "Deadfall" is presented in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.
South Estonian includes the Mulgi dialect as one of its components.
Darryl Shannon was a member of the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Marlon Moore weighs 190 pounds.
Sophia Kokosalaki, a female fashion designer born on January 1, 1972, in Athens, Greece, is a Greek citizen and received her education at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
The 2007-08 season of the Cypriot Fourth Division, which took place in the 2007-2008 one-year period, saw Digenis Oroklinis win the league and get promoted. Participating teams included Enosis Kokkinotrimithia and ASPIS Pylas.
"Belfast Child" is a song performed by Simple Minds, with lyrics and music adapted by Jim Kerr and additional lyrics by Charlie Burchill. The composition also incorporates traditional elements.
The HM Passport Office, an executive agency and organizational subdivision of the United Kingdom, was established on 13 May 2013 under the regulatory framework of the Identity Documents Act 2010, and its headquarters are located at 2 Marsham Street.
Block Island, which is part of Washington County in Rhode Island, United States, is an island situated in the Atlantic Ocean. It was established in 1664 and is coextensive with New Shoreham.
The 2018 film "Venom," directed by Ruben Fleischer, was released on October 5, 2018, with a media rating for ages 15 and up. The film features cast members Ellen Gerstein and Scott Haze.
Dimitrij Skolil, also known as Dmitry, is a male human who was a citizen of Czechoslovakia and an accomplished canoeist specializing in both canoeing and kayaking.
The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup -- Singles was a women's singles tennis event that was part of the 2001 Betty Barclay Cup, organized by the Women's Tennis Association. Held in 2001, it was a tennis competition specifically for women.
André Ghem, a male tennis player from Brazil, was born on 29 May 1982 in Porto Alegre.
Andre Cushing III, a member of the Republican Party and the Maine Republican Party, serves as a member of the Maine House of Representatives and is also part of the American Legislative Exchange Council. He is an instance of a human.
"True at First Light" is a written work published on an unspecified date in 1999 by Charles Scriber's Sons. It was authored by Ernest Hemingway and falls under the genres of fiction and memoir.
"Love Is in the Air," a musical film directed by Simon Staho and released on June 23, 2011, features Donna Marie Thyrrestrup and Claus Gerving in its cast.
Taylor Ware is a female country music artist who performs using her voice. She is an instance of a human with the given name Taylor and the surname Ware.
Pierre Bousmanne, a male human born in 1925, was a field hockey player who dedicated his career to the sport of field hockey.
Palisades Park, New Jersey, which became a borough on March 22, 1899, is located in Bergen County, New Jersey, and shares a border with Leonia, New Jersey. It is part of the United States.
The 1977 Paris Open -- Singles is a men's singles tennis event that was part of the 1977 Paris Open, held in France during 1977.
"Tune Up!" is a jazz album released by Prestige Records in January 1971. The album was produced by Ozzie Cadena and performed by organist Don Patterson.
Regina Ip, a female politician born on 24 August 1950 in Hong Kong, is a citizen of China and received her education at the University of Hong Kong.
Flavia Company, born on September 27, 1963, in Buenos Aires, is a Spanish citizen who works as a screenwriter, journalist, and writer.
"For a Friend" is a pop music song and single by The Communards, which was released as part of their album "Red" in early 1988.
Spy Groove is a television series that originated in the United States and was created and directed by Elliot M. Bour, with additional direction by Saul Andrew Blinkoff. The series was published in the year 2000.
Bayswater railway station in Melbourne is a train station owned by VicTrack, which officially opened on December 4, 1889, and closed on October 15, 2016. The station is named after and serves the area of Bayswater, Victoria.
Tom Hasslan, a male guitarist and jazz musician, was born on November 23, 1983, in Kongsberg.
Imanol Rojo, a male cross-country skier born on November 30, 1990, in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, Spain, participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 2015.
Sukavich Rangsitpol, a male politician born on December 5, 1935, in Bangkok, Thailand, served as a member of the House of Representatives of Thailand.
Roman Zobnin, a male football player born on February 11, 1994, in Irkutsk, Russia, participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Sublime is a rock and pop band that was formed in 1988 in the United States. They are known for their reggae rock and ska punk genres and were signed to Gasoline Alley Records.
Yasuhito Morishima, a male football player born on September 18, 1987, in Kobe, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football.
Briton Ferry Athletic F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom that was founded in 1925 and played in the Welsh Football League Division Three until it was dissolved in 2009.
"Dumpy Goes to the Big Smoke" is a short film directed, written by, and produced by Mirrah Foulkes, with Anthony Hayes starring as an actor. The film was released on January 1, 2012.
Keith Potger, a human who was educated at Melbourne High School, is known for his work in folk music where he performs using his voice. He was also awarded the prestigious title of Officer of the Order of Australia.
"Chief White Eagle" is a silent film produced in 1912 by Siegmund Lubin, directed and starring Romaine Fielding.
Claudio Nieto Jiménez, a male citizen of Chile born on September 24, 1977, in Santiago, is a multi-talented athlete who works as both a triathlete and a ski mountaineer.
Shane Mangroo, a male citizen of Seychelles born on March 12, 1993, is a swimmer who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Judah and 19th Avenue station, an Muni (San Francisco Municipal Railway) tram stop located in San Francisco, United States, officially opened on October 21, 1928, and connects to the N Judah line.
The Warehouse District/Hennepin Avenue station is a train station located in the United States and owned by Metro Transit (Minnesota). It was inaugurated in 2004 and officially opened on June 26, 2004. The station is adjacent to the Target Field station.
Orbisongs is a rock music album published in 1965 by Monument Records. It was performed by Roy Orbison and produced by Fred Foster.
"Out of the Dark," a science fiction novel with an alien invasion theme, was written by David Weber and published on September 28, 2010, in the United States.
Andriy Khomin is a Ukrainian human who plays as a defender for the football team FC Borysfen Boryspil.
Dusty's Trail is a television comedy series from the United States, directed by both Earl Bellamy and Leslie H. Martinson, and features Bob Denver as a cast member.
Yuliana Slashcheva, a female businessperson born on September 9, 1974, in Moscow, holds citizenship of both the Soviet Union and Russia.
Onaje Allan Gumbs, born on September 3, 1949, in New York City, is a jazz musician, pianist, and songwriter who holds citizenship in the United States.
Patrik Abrahám, born on December 10, 1991, in Czechoslovakia, is a football player who specializes as a midfielder. He is a member of the sports team FK Dubnica and plays association football.
"G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor" is a video game published on March 1, 1992, by Capcom. Originating from Japan, it falls under the genres of action and platform games.
Hong Tai-kwai, a female gymnast born on December 8, 1946, in Pingtung City, Taiwan, participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Creighton University, a private not-for-profit educational institution founded in 1878, is located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, and is affiliated with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
"Trading Places" is a film released on January 1, 1983, and more widely on December 16, 1983, known for featuring toplessness in film and starring actors such as Philip Bosco and Eddie Jones.
Maggi Hambling, a female painter born on October 23, 1945, in Suffolk, United Kingdom, studied at the Slade School of Fine Art.
Harri Nykänen, born on 20 June 1953 in Helsinki, Finland, is a Finnish citizen who works as a screenwriter, journalist, and writer.
Greg Feek, a male citizen of New Zealand born on 20 July 1975 in New Plymouth, is a rugby union player.
Margot Eppinger, born on January 1, 1952, in Denkendorf, Baden-Württemberg, is a female athletics competitor who specializes in the sport of athletics.
Yuma Kawamori, a male football player born on February 1, 1993, in Yokkaichi, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football as his sport.
"The Way of Cross and Dragon," a science fiction short story authored by George R.R. Martin, was published as a literary work in the Omni magazine on June 1979.
The Unicorn Series is a speculative fiction literary trilogy and novel series written by Tanith Lee and published in 1991. The series originates from England.
Metal Masters is a fighting game developed by Bit Managers and published by Electro Brain on December 1, 1993. The game was composed by Alberto Jose González.
George Aiken is a human who was educated at Brattleboro Union High School and primary school. He held the positions of Lieutenant Governor and Governor of Vermont, and his work location was in Montpelier, Vermont.
The Statue of Niels W. Gade, a bronze statue located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, was created by Vilhelm Bissen and inaugurated in 1897.
Bothwell Chapungu, a male cricketer from Zimbabwe, was born on November 22, 1987, in Kwekwe.
"The Malediction" is a novel authored by Jean Giono and published on an unspecified day in 1951 by Éditions Gallimard. It is a written work originating from France.
Enzo Sacchi, a male citizen of Italy (formerly the Kingdom of Italy), participated in track cycling for Italy and competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, a business headquartered in Rancho Cordova, California, United States, was founded in 1915. It owns Aerojet Rocketdyne and has Aerojet as a subsidiary.
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 is a sports game developed by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts. It was released on June 17, 1997, for the Nintendo 64 platform.
Eva Golinger, born on February 19, 1973, in New York City, is a female citizen of the United States who works as both a lawyer and a journalist.
Marlborough Girls' College, a secondary school located in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand, was established in 1963 and is named after the region, replacing the former Marlborough College.
Mike Bellamy, a male American citizen born on June 28, 1966, in New York City, is a professional American football player.
Orivesi is a city in Finland that became a municipality on January 1, 1869. It is part of the Pirkanmaa constituency and administrative region, and it is also an instance of the municipalities of Finland.
Marianna Csörnyei, a female mathematician born on October 8, 1975, in Budapest, is a citizen of Hungary and works as an employer at University College London. \n\n(Note: The term "employer" might not typically describe someone's role; it seems likely that "employee" or "faculty member" would be more appropriate in this context. If "employer" was meant to indicate her position at the institution, it could be rephrased for clarity.)\n\nFor better clarity:\nMarianna Csörnyei, a female mathematician born on October 8, 1975, in Budapest, is a Hungarian citizen and works as a mathematician at University College London.
Fernando Palomeque, a male citizen of Mexico born on 20 March 1968 in Mexico City, has had a career spanning both football player and manager roles in association football.
CZ12 is an action and martial arts film starring Jackie Chan, Shu Qi, and Daniel Wu, with Jackie Chan also serving as the screenwriter.
Olga Ivanova, a female taekwondo athlete born on March 23, 1993, in Verkhneuralsk, is a citizen of Russia.
Christina Gonzalez is a female reporter born in New York City and a citizen of the United States. She is educated at the University of Miami and works for KTTV.
The SNCF Class Y 9000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive class originating from France, manufactured by Socofer and operated by SNCF.
Dragon Age Pure is a Japanese magazine that was first published on January 30, 2006, by Fujimi Shobo. It originated in Japan and is written in the Japanese language. Its inception date is January 1, 2006.
De Staat is an alternative rock band that was formed in Nijmegen, Netherlands, in 2006.
Baishizhou station is an underground metro station located in the Nanshan District of Shenzhen, China. It is part of the Shenzhen Metro system and began operations on September 28, 2009.
Dean Brown, born on November 16, 1945, in McDonough, Georgia, is an American football player who played as a defensive back for the Miami Dolphins.
Mykolas Romeris University, located in Vilnius, Lithuania, is a university that was established in 2004. It is headquartered in Vilnius and is a member of the European University Association.
Bo'ness is a town and small burgh located in the United Kingdom, specifically within the Falkirk Council and the administrative territorial entity of Bo'ness and Carriden. Its main category is listed under the Bo'ness category.
"Needle," a science fiction novel written by Hal Clement and published in the United States by Doubleday in 1950, is an instance of a literary work.
"The Charioteer of Delphi," a novel written by Caroline Lawrence and published on an unspecified day in 2006 by Orion Publishing Group, is a literary work from the United Kingdom.
Marselisborg Palace, an architectural structure located in Aarhus Municipality, Denmark, was designed by architect Hack Kampmann and both inaugurated and completed in 1902.
"One Clear Call" is a historical novel authored by Upton Sinclair and published in 1948 by Viking Press in the United States.
The Statue of Henry Havelock in Trafalgar Square is a piece of public art located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. Created by William Behnes, it was inaugurated in 1861 and stands as a notable statue within the square.
"Jewelled Nights" is a silent film released on January 1, 1925, directed and starring Louise Lovely, with Gordon Collingridge also among its cast members.
The Rouge River Bridge is a bridge located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was inaugurated and officially opened in 1994.
Abdul Gaddy, whose full name is Abdul Gaddy, is a point guard who plays for the Maine Red Claws in men's basketball. He represents the United States in the sport.
Aaron Westervelt, a human with the given name Aaron and the family name Westervelt, is a midfielder who plays for both Adelaide Cobras FC and Seaford Rangers FC.
Chetumal International Airport, operated by Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares, is an international airport located in Chetumal, serving the city and situated in the administrative territorial entity of Chetumal, Mexico.
Robert Bouloux, a male citizen of France born on 22 May 1947 in Ploubalay, is a sport cyclist who competes in cycle sport.
"Kalichaat" is a Hindi film directed, produced, and composed by Sudhanshu Sharma and Sanjeev Kohli, respectively, and it originates from India.
Barry House, whose surname is House, is a member of the Liberal Party of Australia and holds the position of President of the Western Australian Legislative Council, where he also serves as a Member. He was educated at Busselton Senior High School.
Dulquer Salmaan, a male citizen of India born on July 28, 1986, in Kochi, is both an actor and a businessperson.
Sylvan Hills High School, a state high school located in Arkansas, United States, was established in 1956 and is part of the Pulaski County Special School District.
The NZR KB class is a locomotive class that originated in New Zealand and was operated by the New Zealand Railways Department. It entered service in 1939 and was retired in 1969.
Jan Fredrik Vogt, a male politician born on February 18, 1974, is a citizen of Norway and serves as a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway for the Progress Party.
Miki Tanaka, a female judoka born on October 20, 1987, in Nagahama, Shiga, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and competes in the sport of judo.
Colorado State Highway 140 is a road in the United States, specifically located in Colorado, where it is owned and maintained by the Colorado Department of Transportation. It is part of the state highway system in Colorado.
Tarryl Clark, a female citizen of the United States, was born on July 31, 1961, in Norfolk, Virginia. She has had a career as both a lawyer and a politician.
Dulce Pontes, a female singer-songwriter born on April 8, 1969, in Montijo, Portugal, is a citizen of Portugal.
Mario Torelli, born on 12 May 1937 in Rome, Italy, is a classical scholar, art historian, and archaeologist.
Bruce Bouton, a male human born in South Carolina in 1954, is a guitarist who was educated at Virginia Commonwealth University.
"Blade of the Immortal" is a film produced by Jeremy Thomas, with a kijkwijzer rating of 16, and it falls under the genres of drama and action. The film has origins in both Japan and the United Kingdom.
Seiko Hashimoto is a female track cyclist and speed skater who was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan. She participated in the 1994 Asian Games.
"Son of Django" is a film composed by Piero Umiliani, directed by Osvaldo Civirani, and published on January 1, 1967. The film features Daniele Vargas and Ignazio Spalla in its cast.
"Si Todos Fuesen Iguales a Ti" is a pop music song composed by Antônio Carlos Jobim and performed by Miguel Bosé. It was published in 1992 and is part of the album "Papito."
Zonergy, a company legally established on January 1, 2007, is headquartered in Beijing and operates in the palm oil industry. It is owned by ZTE.
Chris Biotti, whose family name is Biotti, is an ice hockey player from the United States who specializes as a defenceman and was educated at Harvard University.
Douglas Luiz is a male Brazilian football player born on May 9, 1998, in Rio de Janeiro.
Robert R. Reisz, a human working in the field of paleontology, is employed at the University of Toronto. He was advised by Robert L. Carroll during his doctoral studies and has mentored Michel Laurin as a doctoral student.
Ivan Almeida Dias, a male human born on 28 August 1972 in Niterói, is a football player who plays association football as his sport.
The 1971 Open Championship, an instance of The Open Championship in golf, was held at Royal Birkdale Golf Club in 1971, with Lee Trevino as the winner.
Rakesh Mohan, a male economist born on January 14, 1948, in Uttar Pradesh, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at Princeton University.
Nina Bassuk, a female landscape architect and architect born on February 16, 1952, is educated at Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and works for Cornell University.
"Youth," a 1934 film directed by Georges Lacombe, was composed by Georges Van Parys and features cast members Lisette Lanvin and Robert Arnoux. The film was published on January 1, 1934.
The Kiev Municipal Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre for Children and Youth, founded in 1982, is located in Kiev, Ukraine. It serves as both an opera house and a youth theatre, headquartered in the city of Kiev.
"Jil" is an action film produced by UV Creations in India. The original language of the film is Telugu, and it features Sakthi Saravanan as the director of photography and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao as the film editor.
"Empire," a historical novel written by Gore Vidal and published by Random House in 1987, is a literary work originating from the United States.
"Kavalu" is a fiction book written in Kannada by S.L. Bhyrappa, published in 2010 in India.
Hoar Cross Hall is an English country house built in 1871 by the architect Henry Clutton, and it serves as a country house hotel in the United Kingdom. It is owned by Hugo Meynell.
Vanessa Boslak, a female pole vaulter born on June 11, 1982, in Lesquin, France, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Victoria, a 2015 film, received a PG12 rating and was published on both June 11, 2015, and July 1, 2015. The film stars Franz Rogowski and Martin Goeres among its cast members.
The List of Delaware Byways, an instance of a highway system located in Delaware, United States, was initiated in the year 2000 and is owned and maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Szandra Szalay is a female Hungarian triathlete born on July 30, 1989, who competes in the sport of triathlon.
The Keio Challenger is a tennis tournament that was first held in 1999. It takes place on hardcourt surfaces in Yokohama, Japan.
WAPS (FM) is a radio station owned by Akron Public Schools and licensed to broadcast to Akron, Ohio. It was established on January 1, 1955, and is located in Ohio, United States.
Elias Bjuhr, a male ice hockey player born on October 17, 1988, in Sweden, is a citizen of Sweden and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Tweetie Pie is a comedy and children's film produced by Edward Selzer and distributed by Warner Bros. in the United States. It received the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Serhiy Zahidulin, a Ukrainian human, is a midfielder who plays for both FC Karpaty-2 Lviv and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Colton Hills Community School is a secondary school located in Wolverhampton, specifically in the City of Wolverhampton, in the United Kingdom. It was established on January 1, 1974, and it is classified as a community school in England and Wales.
"The Elephant Celebes" is a painting created by Max Ernst on canvas in the United States on January 1, 1921, and it is currently located at the Tate Modern.
Kurt Stillwell, a human with the family name Stillwell, played as a shortstop and was a member of both the Cincinnati Reds and the San Diego Padres sports teams.
Cedric Gondo, born on November 25, 1996, in Divo, Ivory Coast, is an association football player who has been a member of sports teams such as Delfino Pescara 1936 and ACF Fiorentina.
The York County Courthouse, located in York, South Carolina, United States, is a historic courthouse designed in the Neoclassical style by architect William Augustus Edwards. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vin Bourke, born on September 14, 1933, in Henty, New South Wales, was an Australian rules football player who played for both the North Melbourne Football Club and the North Albury Football Club.
Auston Matthews, a male ice hockey player born on September 17, 1997, in San Ramon, California, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of ice hockey.
"S/O Satyamurthy" is a film directed by Trivikram Srinivas and composed by Devi Sri Prasad, which was published on January 1, 2015. The film features Vennela Kishore and Upendra in its cast.
Luciano Astudillo, a male politician born on January 1, 1972, is a citizen of Sweden and holds the position of member of the Swedish Riksdag as part of the Swedish Social Democratic Party.
Judith W. Rogers, a female judge born on January 1, 1939, in New York City, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Harvard Law School.
"Dragon Hunters" is a children's film distributed by InterCom, with its origins in both Germany and Luxembourg. The film was originally produced in French, and its director of photography is Arthur Qwak.
Sharon Needles, born on November 28, 1981, in Newton, Iowa, is a male drag queen and singer who holds citizenship in the United States.
"The Science of Discworld II: The Globe" is a book written in English by biologist Jack Cohen and is part of the Discworld series. It follows "The Science of Discworld" and is followed by "The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch." The book originates from the United Kingdom.
Thomas Dougherty, a male human born on an unspecified day in 1951 in Casper, Wyoming, is a diplomat who was educated at Brown University.
NHL 08 is a sports video game developed by EA Vancouver and published by EA Sports for Microsoft Windows, which was released on September 12, 2007.
The Alexander Theatre, an opera house and theater located in Helsinki, Finland, was established in 1879 and is part of the Esplanadi-Bulevardi area.
"Homemade Millionaire" is a reality television series that originated in the United States and is broadcast on TLC. The show is narratively set in New York City and is in English.
Demetrio Steffè, born on 30 July 1996 in Trieste, is an association football player who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the Robur Siena sports team.
Frank Torre, whose full name is Frank Torre, played baseball as a first baseman for both the Philadelphia Phillies and the Atlanta Braves.
Night Riviera is a passenger train service that began operation on July 11, 1983, in the United Kingdom. It is operated by Great Western Railway and is an instance of a night train.
Funtaine Hunter, born on December 27, 1983, in Valdosta, Georgia, is a male American citizen who played American football as his occupation.
The Orpheum Theatre in San Francisco, United States, is a movie theater and a theater structure that was inaugurated on January 1, 1926, with its official opening in January 1926.
The 2003 Japanese Grand Prix, an auto racing event held on October 12, 2003, at the Suzuka International Racing Course in Japan, was part of the 2003 Formula One World Championship.
Columbia TriStar Television, a business based in the United States, was owned by Sony and operated from 1994 until 2002, after which it was succeeded by Sony Pictures Television.
Katya Adler, a female journalist born on May 3, 1972, in London, is educated at the University of Bristol and works for the BBC.
"After Hours at the London House" is a vocal jazz live album performed by Sarah Vaughan and produced by Jack Tracy. It was published on Mercury Records in 1959.
"A Paris Apartment" is a book written by Michelle Gable and published on January 1, 2014, by Thomas Dunne Books. It is written in English and originates from the United States.
Indie Allen, born on December 27, 1992, in Montego Bay, is a male singer whose family name is Allen.
Muthal Mariyathai is a film directed, written by, and starring P. Bharathiraja, with music composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film was released on January 1, 1985, and also features Sivaji Ganesan in the cast.
Iwanka Sanjula, a male citizen of Sri Lanka, was born on February 16, 1997, in Galle, and he is a cricketer who plays the sport of cricket.
"Rag Tale" is a comedy film directed by Mary McGuckian and released in 2005. The film features John Sessions and Simon Callow in its cast.
Anzhi Arena is a soccer-specific stadium located in Kaspiysk, Russia. It is operated and primarily occupied by FC Anzhi Makhachkala, although it also serves as the home ground for FC Makhachkala.
Hammerson, a public limited company founded on January 1, 1942, is a business enterprise headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
The Schleicher ASW 20 is a German glider, part of the 15 metre class aircraft family, manufactured by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. It was designed by engineer Gerhard Waibel.
Roy Brindley, a male journalist born on 10 June 1969 in Southampton, is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
"Hachi: A Dog's Tale" is a film written by Kaneto Shindo, produced by Richard Gere, and originally in the English language. The cast includes Richard Gere, Kevin DeCoste, and Robert Capron.
Rough River Lake is a lake located in Kentucky, United States, where it serves as both the outflow and inflow for the Rough River.
"A Chef in Love" is a film that falls under the genres of drama and romantic comedy. It was produced by Temur Babluani and Alexander Rodnyansky, with Irakli Kvirikadze as the screenwriter and Jean-Yves Gautier in the cast.
Justin Catanoso, a male journalist born on November 5, 1959, in the United States, is a citizen of the United States and works at Wake Forest University, where he also received his education.
Alexander Tarasov is a human who competed in pair skating for the Soviet Union as a figure skater.
Gwethalyn Graham, a human, is known for her notable work "Earth and High Heaven" and has received multiple awards, including the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and two Governor General's Awards for English-language fiction. She was also married to David Yalden-Thomson.
"Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty" is a Malayalam film produced and distributed by August Cinema, with cast members including Sekhar Menon and Nedumudi Venu, and it is an Indian production.
Mitchell R. Julis, born on January 1, 1955, is a male business executive who studied at both Princeton University and Harvard Law School.
Milton Jones is a male comedian born on 16 May 1964 in the United Kingdom. He is a stand-up comedian and was educated at Middlesex University.
The 2011 International Cup of Nice was a figure skating competition held in France from October 26 to October 30, 2011.
Johan Sotil, a male citizen of Peru born on 29 August 1982 in Lima, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"The Blue Bonnet" is a drama film directed by Louis Chaudet and written by Eugenie Magnus Ingleton. Produced by William Parsons, it was published in 1919.
"The Magician's Elephant" is a novel authored by Kate DiCamillo and published on January 1, 2009, by Candlewick Press in the United States.
"Air Above Mountains" is a live album published in 1978, featuring performances by Cecil Taylor. Produced by Matthias Winckelmann, the album falls under the genres of jazz and free jazz.
Jordan Palmer-Samuels, born on June 10, 1995, in London, is an association football player who plays for Karmiotissa FC.
Masato Matsui, a male baseball player born on November 19, 1987, in Maebashi, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays the sport of baseball.
Elizabeth Anton, a female football player born on December 12, 1998, in Auckland, New Zealand, plays as a midfielder for a team and holds citizenship in New Zealand.
"The Stranger Next Door" is a novel authored by Amélie Nothomb and published on an unspecified date in 1995 by Éditions Albin Michel. It is a written work with Belgian origins.
Harvey Pulliam, a human from the United States, is a member of the Colorado Rockies where he specializes in playing both outfielder and pitcher.
Denis Shapovalov, a male citizen of Canada born on April 15, 1999, in Tel Aviv, is a professional tennis player who also played ice hockey.
Martin Cameron, born on 16 June 1978 in Dunfermline, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his occupation.
Velenka is a municipality and a cadastral area located in the Nymburk District of the Czech Republic, which was historically part of Bohemia. It shares a border with Kounice.
Paradise Hills is a film written by Brian DeLeeuw, produced by Adrián Guerra, and originally in the English language. The film features Emma Roberts, Danielle Macdonald, and Awkwafina in its cast.
Marian Dougherty, a female football player born on November 25, 1984, in Denver, is a citizen of the United States and plays association football.
Takuya Murayama, a male football player from Osaka, Japan, was born on August 8, 1989, and plays association football as his profession.
"High Energy" is a soul music album by The Supremes, produced by Brian Holland and released under the Motown record label in January 1976.
Jacob Gillbee, born on September 13, 1992, is a male Australian rules football player who plays for the Gold Coast Suns.
Hazel English, a female musician born on November 27, 1990, in Sydney, is an Australian citizen.
Cornelius Redick, a male citizen of the United States born on January 7, 1964, is an American football player who played for the Green Bay Packers.
"La Mascotte" is a French-language opéra comique composed by Edmond Audran and with a libretto by Alfred Duru. It was published in 1850.
J-League Dynamite Soccer 64 is a sports video game published on September 5, 1997, for the Nintendo 64 in Japan by the Japanese company Imagineer.
The JGR Class 8150 is a locomotive class that originated in the United States and was operated by the Ministry of Railways in Japan. It entered service in 1890 and was retired in 1927.
The 1988 Tokyo Indoor was a tennis tournament edition held in 1988, following the 1987 Tokyo Indoor. It was part of the Tokyo Indoor series and included singles events.
Suzuka 8 Hours is a racing video game that was published on October 10, 1992, for arcades in Japan. The game is set in Japan and originates from the same country.
Jarmo Jokila, a male ice hockey player from Turku, Finland, was born on February 13, 1986, and is a citizen of Finland.
Hollyn, a female songwriter born on January 3, 1997, in Waverly, Ohio, is a citizen of the United States.
Morecambe F.C., an association football club based in Morecambe, United Kingdom, was founded in 1920 and plays in the EFL League Two.
"The Apostles" is a thriller film from China that was released on January 17, 2014. The film features Josie Ho as a cast member.
Cam Neely, whose full name is Cam Neely, played ice hockey as a winger for both the Vancouver Canucks and the Boston Bruins.
Keiko Terada, a female singer-songwriter born on July 27, 1963, in Funabashi, Japan, is a citizen of Japan.
Faber and Faber, a book publishing company founded in 1929 by Geoffrey Faber, is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
Tommy Steel is a male football player born in Glasgow who plays association football and is a member of the Fore River soccer team. He holds citizenship in the United States.
"A Few Good Men" is a legal drama play written by Aaron Sorkin, originally produced in the United States. Written in English, the play focuses on the United States Marine Corps and is an instance of a theatrical play.
William César de Oliveira, born on October 17, 1968, in Cuiabá, Brazil, is a male football player who plays association football as his profession.
"Every Loser Wins," a pop music single performed by Nick Berry and published on BBC Records, was released in 1986. It is part of the compilation album "New Vintage: The Best of Simon May."
The Three Rivers Heritage Trail is a rail trail located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States, and it has been designated as a National Recreation Trail. The trail is situated in North America.
Renat Yanbayev, a male football player born on April 7, 1984, in Noginsk, Russia, participated in the UEFA Euro 2008.
The Picton Reading Room and Hornby Library, a public library and reading room located in Liverpool, United Kingdom, is part of the Liverpool Central Library. It was established in 1906.
Sibel Güler, a female taekwondo athlete, was born on September 28, 1984, in Bulgaria and now resides in Ankara, Turkey, where she holds citizenship.
Vladimir Solovyov, a cosmonaut and human, received the Gold Star and the Order of Honour from Russia. He was both employed by and educated at Bauman Moscow State Technical University, where he also earned his Doctor in Engineering degree.
Josef Tal was a human who worked as both a composer and a musicologist, known for his work in the opera genre, and he received the Wolf Prize.
"The Case of the Stuttering Bishop" is a mystery film distributed by Warner Bros., produced by Bryan Foy, and features actors Donald Woods and Ann Dvorak in its cast. The film is in the English language.
Martin Gethin, a male boxer from Walsall, was born on November 16, 1983, and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Mathew Barzal, a male ice hockey player born on May 26, 1997, in Coquitlam, Canada, plays the sport of ice hockey.
Fulvio Pea, a male citizen of Italy born on 10 February 1967 in Casalpusterlengo, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
Freddie Jenkins, born on October 10, 1906, in New York City, was a versatile jazz musician who worked as a trumpeter and composer until his death on July 12, 1978.
Justin Orenduff, a male citizen of the United States born on May 27, 1983, is a baseball player who plays for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes.
Dmytro Tishyn, a male chess player born on June 24, 1988, is a citizen of Ukraine and represents Ukraine in his sporting career.
The Lowry Avenue Bridge is a steel bridge located in Minneapolis, United States, serving as part of the transportation infrastructure in Minnesota. It was inaugurated on October 1, 2012.
"O Prithibi Ebar Ese Bangladesh Nao Chine" is a song from Bangladesh performed by Elita Karim and written by Zulfiqer Russell. The song was published on February 17, 2011, and is associated with cricket.
Wizz Air UK, an airline headquartered in London and founded on September 26, 2017, operates under its parent organization Wizz Air and has its main hub at Luton Airport in the United Kingdom.
South Carolina Highway 83, which was established in 1938, is a road maintained and owned by the South Carolina Department of Transportation and is located in South Carolina, United States.
Phil Groeneveld, a male ice hockey player born on September 18, 1974, in Oshawa, Canada, is a citizen of Canada and plays the sport of ice hockey.
The NREC RL class locomotive is a diesel-electric locomotive class originating from Australia, manufactured by the National Railway Equipment Company and operated by the Southern Shorthaul Railroad in the country.
The Maserati Shamal is a sports car and a car model manufactured by Maserati. It follows the Maserati Khamsin and is followed by the Maserati 3200 GT.
"Montmartre Rose" is a silent film directed by Bernard F. McEveety and published in 1929. It is a United States production set in Paris.
Mike Matheson, a male ice hockey player born on February 27, 1994, in Pointe-Claire, Canada, plays the sport of ice hockey and is a citizen of Canada.
Alfred Pittard, a male politician born on August 3, 1868, and died on May 16, 1950, served as a Member of the Victorian Legislative Council.
Claudio O'Connor, a male singer born on 28 April 1963 in Llavallol, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina.
"The Decision," a science fiction novel authored by K.A. Applegate and published by Scholastic Corporation on May 1, 1998, is a literary work from the United States.
Neesha Wieser is a female netballer from New Zealand, born on October 25, 1986. She plays the sport of netball and is an instance of a human.
The Kirkby Project is a sports venue owned by Everton F.C., located in Kirkby, which is part of the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in the United Kingdom. The project is operated by the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley and was designed by Barr Construction.
The University of Bolton is a public university located in Bolton, specifically within the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, in the United Kingdom. It serves as a higher education institution with its headquarters in Bolton.
"Rhinestone Cowboy," composed and written by Larry Weiss, was produced by Dennis Lambert. This song, which originated in the United States, received an American Music Award for Favorite Country Single and was also nominated for the same award.
Acclaim Studios Manchester, a business headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom, was owned by Acclaim Entertainment. The studio was established in 1987 and ceased operations in 2004.
"Rock School" is a documentary film directed by Don Argott and produced by Sheena M. Joyce, which was released on June 3, 2005. The film features Paul Green as a cast member.
Buffalo Airport in Texas, which is an airport and aerodrome, was established on January 6, 1954, and serves the city of Amarillo, Texas, within the United States.
Bas Paternotte, a male journalist born on September 1, 1976, in the Netherlands, is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The Boeing AH-64 Apache, developed and manufactured by Hughes Helicopters, made its first flight on 30 September 1975 and entered service on 26 January 1984. This advanced helicopter, which originated in the United States, is operated by the Royal Netherlands Air Force.
Mouhamadou Sarr, born on January 5, 1997, in Kaolack, is a professional football player who specializes as a goalkeeper for Bologna F.C. 1909.
Al-Tai FC is an association football club based in Ha'il, Saudi Arabia, which was founded on July 23, 1960, and plays in the Saudi Professional League.
"Tokyo Fiancée," an autobiographical novel authored by Amélie Nothomb and published on an unspecified date in 2007 by Éditions Albin Michel, is a written work from Belgium.
"Gundello Godari" is a film originally produced in both Tamil and Telugu languages, originating from India. The film features Lakshmi Manchu and Sundeep Kishan in the cast, with Lakshmi Manchu also serving as the producer.
"The Electric Light Orchestra" is a studio album produced by Roy Wood and released under Harvest Records. It is part of their progressive rock discography and is featured in the Electric Light Orchestra's studio albums discography, specifically within the First Light Series edition.
"Dean" is a comedy film written by Demetri Martin, who also stars in it alongside Kevin Kline and Reid Scott. The film is originally in the English language.
Barrett's Ferry Bridge is a bridge located in James City County, Virginia, United States. It was inaugurated and officially opened on January 24, 2009.
Henry Wood Hall, located in Southwark, London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, is a concert hall designed by architect Francis Octavius Bedford and named after Henry Wood.
Dheena is an action film from India, directed by AR Murugadoss and featuring Suresh Gopi in the cast, along with Yuvan Shankar Raja as a performer. The narrative takes place in Chennai.
"The Best of Sugar Ray" is a pop rock album released on Atlantic Records in 2005. It was produced by David Kahne and performed by the band Sugar Ray.
Luke Glendening, a male citizen of the United States born on April 28, 1989, in Grand Rapids, Michigan, is an ice hockey player.
Trish Hina, born on May 3, 1977, is a female rugby union player from New Zealand who plays for the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Nishi-Obihiro Station is a train station located in Obihiro, Hokkaido, Japan. It was inaugurated on September 8, 1907, and officially opened on the same date, serving as a station on the Nemuro Main Line.
Vivian Segnini, a female tennis player from Brazil, was born on January 3, 1989, in São Carlos.
"The Winter Room" is a novel written by Gary Paulsen and published in 1989 by Scholastic Corporation in the United States.
Jermaine Gresham, a human from the United States, was educated at Ardmore City Schools and plays as a tight end for the Cincinnati Bengals.
Allen Tankard, a male football player born on 21 May 1969 in Islington, United Kingdom, plays association football as his occupation.
"Behind Closed Doors" is a country music album by Charlie Rich, produced by Billy Sherrill and released on Epic Records in 1973.
"Over the Pop" is a dance-pop and pop music album performed by Sabrina Salerno, published in 1991. It follows her previous album, "Super Remix."
Wally Moon, a male outfielder, played baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Rochester Red Wings, and he is employed by John Brown University.
American Psycho 2, distributed and produced by Lionsgate Home Entertainment, is a thriller and horror film starring Lindy Booth and Robin Dunne.
Super Adventure Rockman is a video game published on June 25, 1998, for the Sega Saturn. Developed as an interactive film, it hails from Japan and was published by Capcom.
Silent Hill 2, a psychological horror video game developed in Japan, was composed by Akira Yamaoka and was published on September 24, 2001, in one region and on September 27, 2001, in another.
"Gossip in the Grain" is a folk music album performed by Ray LaMontagne, produced by Ethan Johns, and published on October 14, 2008, under the BMG Rights Management label.
Ben Jeffries, born on September 4, 1980, in Australia, is a male rugby league player who holds Australian citizenship.
The 1995 Stockholm Open is a tennis tournament edition that took place in Sweden during the 1995 sports season. It is part of the Stockholm Open competition and is a tennis event.
The Greek National Tourism Organization, established on January 1, 1927, is a government agency headquartered in Athens, Greece. It is part of the Ministry of Tourism and functions as a destination marketing organization.
Passaic County, New Jersey, which became a county on February 7, 1837, is part of the United States and shares a border with Bergen County, New Jersey. Its administrative center is Paterson, New Jersey.
Adrian Liu, a male badminton player born on September 17, 1983, in Prince Rupert, British Columbia, participated in the 2010 Peru International Badminton Championships in mixed doubles and is a citizen of Canada.
"Grand Slam" is a funk album by The Isley Brothers, published on T-Neck Records in January 1981. The album originates from the United States.
Erling Moreno, a male baseball player born on January 13, 1997, in Cartagena, Colombia, is a citizen of Colombia and plays the sport of baseball.
Troy Menzel, a male Australian rules football player born on September 22, 1994, has played for both the Adelaide Football Club and the Carlton Football Club.
"God: The Failed Hypothesis" is a written work authored by Victor J. Stenger and published in the United States by Prometheus Books on January 1, 2007. The book is written in the English language.
Alabama State Route 239 is a road owned and maintained by the Alabama Department of Transportation, and it is part of the Alabama State Route System. Located in Alabama, United States, this route is an important component of the state’s transportation infrastructure.
"La Booga Rooga" is a pop rock album performed by Andy Fairweather Low and produced by Glyn Johns. It was released on A&M Records in 1975.
"Imaginary Day" is a jazz fusion album by the Pat Metheny Group, produced by Pat Metheny and released on Warner Bros. Records in 1997.
Lauri Johnson, born on December 27, 1949, in Santa Monica, California, is a female actor and holds citizenship in the United States.
Hang Lung Properties, a real estate business enterprise founded in 1987, is owned by the Hang Lung Group and is headquartered in Hong Kong.
"Girls of Riyadh," an epistolary novel authored by Rajaa al-Sanea, is a written work from Saudi Arabia that was published on July 5, 2007, by Penguin Books.
"Free Love" is a comedy film directed by Hobart Henley and written by Edwin H. Knopf, starring Conrad Nagel, which was published in 1930.
Carthage College, a liberal arts college founded in 1847, is located in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States, where it also has its headquarters.
Mohammad Khodabandelou, born on September 7, 1999, in Tehran, is an association football player who specializes as a midfielder for Paykan F.C.
WildStorm is a book publishing company based in the United States, with headquarters in La Jolla. Founded in 1992, it is owned by DC Comics.
Iowa is part of the Midwestern United States and shares borders with Minnesota and South Dakota. Its capital is Des Moines, and it includes Delaware County. The lowest point in Iowa is at the Mississippi River.
Yuki Muto, a male football player born on May 9, 1995, in Chiba Prefecture, plays association football and is a member of Matsumoto Yamaga FC.
Josh Ralph, a male human born on 21 July 1997 in Southport, Queensland, is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Tweed Heads Seagulls.
Adriana Lima, born on June 12, 1981, in Salvador, Bahia, is a Brazilian supermodel and actor.
Bertha Isaacs is a female citizen of The Bahamas who was a teacher and suffragette, and she also played tennis. She was a member of the Progressive Liberal Party.
Dave Carlock, a male songwriter and record producer known for his work in the hard rock genre, was born in the year 2000. However, there seems to be an error in the date format provided; typically, a birthdate would include the month and day.
Albert Masland, a male citizen of the United States, was born on September 18, 1956, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. He is a politician who attended Dickinson College.
The film "Tracers" was directed by Daniel Benmayor and written by Leslie Bohem. It was released on two different dates: 20 March 2015 and 28 May 2015. The cast includes Marie Avgeropoulos and Taylor Lautner.
Wendy Armoko, born on May 8, 1978, in Jakarta, is a male actor and holds Indonesian citizenship.
Argiro Zapata, a male citizen of Colombia born on June 14, 1971, is a human who works as a sport cyclist specializing in cycle sport.
The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open, a tennis tournament organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals and held in India, began in 1996 and was discontinued in 2007.
Cecilio Lastra, a male boxer born on August 12, 1951, in Santander, Spain, is a citizen of Spain and participated in the sport of boxing.
"The Almost Impossible Gameshow" is a TV game show series that originated in the United Kingdom. Distributed by Endemol Shine UK, it premiered on ITV2 on October 1, 2015, and is presented in the English language.
Stephanie Grebe, a female table tennis player from Berlin, was born on September 24, 1987, and holds German citizenship.
Per Carlsen is a male Danish diplomat and politician who was born in 1948.
Bojan Kusmuk, a male basketball player born on September 12, 1969, in Kraljevo, plays for the sports team KK Sloga.
Babita, a female human born on April 20, 1948, in Mumbai, India, is an actor and holds Indian citizenship.
"Mother Holly," a children's film directed and written by Fritz Genschow, was published on December 5, 1954, and features Werner Stock and Peter-Uwe Witt among its cast members.
Massimo Carraro, born on March 8, 1959, in Camposampiero, Italy, is a male citizen of Italy who works as both a politician and an entrepreneur.
"The Ashram" is a novel authored by Sattar Memon and published on April 1, 2005. It is a literary work with a narrative set in India, where it also originates.
"The Secret Ways" is a film distributed by Universal Pictures, produced by Euan Lloyd, and originally made in the English language. The cast includes Howard Vernon, Sonja Ziemann, and Oskar Wegrostek.
The Pioneering Spirit, a working ship operated by Allseas and registered in Malta, was manufactured by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering with its final assembly taking place in Geoje.
Hernani Almeida, a male musician born on April 7, 1978, in Mindelo, Cape Verde, is a citizen of Cape Verde.
"Night in Paradise" is a historical film with a screenplay written by Ernest Pascal. The film features Gale Sondergaard, Jerome Cowan, and Rex Evans in its cast, and it was produced by Walter Wanger.
The 1986 U.S. Open in golf was held at the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in the United States, where Raymond Floyd emerged as the winner. This event is an instance of the U.S. Open golf tournament.
"Ten Modern Commandments" is a silent romance film distributed by Paramount Pictures, starring Neil Hamilton and Esther Ralston.
Genaro Borrego Estrada, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), holds multiple positions including President of the PRI and serving as both a member of the Senate of Mexico and a Member of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico. He works in Mexico City.
"Wrong" is a comedy film written by Mr. Oizo, featuring cast members Regan Burns, William Fichtner, and Todd Giebenhain, and it is originally in the English language.
Jim Anderson, a male citizen of the United States, was born on April 20, 1937, and works as a basketball coach.
Russell Martin resides in Montreal and was educated at Chipola College. He is a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers, where he specializes as both a catcher and a third baseman.
Myles Wakefield, a male tennis player from Durban, South Africa, was born on June 13, 1974, and his sport is tennis.
Takayuki Ochiai, a male politician born on August 17, 1979, in Tokyo, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and attended Keio University.
"Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses" is a comedy film written by Bernardino Zapponi and starring Giovanna Ralli, Giacomo Rizzo, and Gigi Proietti. The film is in Italian.
Lambert Belmas, a male rugby league player from France, was born on August 11, 1997, in Carcassonne.
The Oxford Internet Institute, founded by Derek Wyatt and established in 2001, is a research institute located in Oxford, United Kingdom. It is part of the University of Oxford.
Deep Saini, a male citizen of Canada born on October 25, 1955, is a biologist and physiologist who was educated at the University of Alberta.
"Your Memory and Me" is a comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and published on June 25, 1953. The film features Domingo Soler and Pedro Vargas in its cast.
Brodie Moles, a male Australian rules football player born on November 7, 1985, in Hobart, plays for the Western Bulldogs.
Federico Proia, born on February 4, 1996, in Rome, is a football player who specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Robur Siena.
Georg von Habsburg, a male journalist born on December 16, 1964, in Starnberg, is an Austrian citizen who has been awarded the Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Victor Posa, a male ice hockey player born on November 5, 1966, in Bari, Italy, is a citizen of Italy and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Klaas-Jan van Noortwijk, a male citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands born on 10 July 1970 in Rotterdam, was a cricketer who played the sport of cricket.
Vaalii Faalogo, born on September 11, 1983, in Samoa, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of the Vailima Kiwi FC sports team.
Norm Spencer is a Canadian actor born on February 23, 1958, in Canada. He works as a television actor, voice actor, and actor.
River City Marketplace, a shopping mall located in Jacksonville, Florida, United States, was officially opened on November 17, 2006. It was inaugurated in 2006 and is owned by RPT Realty.
The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway, a regional rail system in China operated by China Railway Guangzhou Group, was inaugurated and officially opened in 2011. It includes the Dongguan--Huizhou intercity railway as part of its network.
Princesa Yamal, born on January 1, 1901, in Mendoza, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina and has had multiple careers as a film actor, actor, and dancer.
Darwin's Radio, a techno-thriller written by Greg Bear, was published on August 31, 1999, in the United States. It is an edition of his written work.
"The Skulls II" is a thriller film directed by Joe Chappelle and released on January 1, 2002. The film features Robin Dunne in its cast and was composed by Christophe Beck.
Marc Sagmoen, a male baseball player born on April 16, 1971, in Seattle, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of baseball.
"Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams" is a game developed by Avalanche Software and distributed on optical discs. It can be played on the PlayStation 2 using a DualShock 2 controller, as well as on the GameCube and Game Boy Advance.
Yamato Tamura, a male figure skater born on May 28, 1979, in Hachinohe, Japan, is also a figure skating coach.
"Avengers Grimm: Time Wars" is a fantasy and superhero film released in 2015. It was written by Jeremy M. Inman and produced by Paul Bales.
Rappottenstein is a market municipality located in the Zwettl District of Austria. It shares borders with Groß Gerungs and Schönbach.
"Generation 1000 Euros" is an Italian film written by Massimo Venier and set in Milan, Italy. The film features Francesco Brandi and Francesca Inaudi in its cast.
Kristin Cooper, a female lawyer born on July 19, 1956, is a U.S. citizen who resides in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. She received her education at the University of Oklahoma.
Yekaterina Marennikova, a female handball player from Russia, was born on April 29, 1982, in Saint Petersburg. She participated in the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.
The Van Donge & De Roo Stadion, a soccer-specific stadium located in Rotterdam, Netherlands, was officially opened on July 23, 1902. It is owned and occupied by SBV Excelsior and falls under the administrative jurisdiction of the Government of Rotterdam.
Luxemburger Wort is a daily newspaper and periodical literature based in Luxembourg, where it was founded on 23 March 1848. It is currently owned by Saint-Paul Luxembourg.
Leigh Tudor, born on September 25, 1969, is a male Australian rules football player who has played for both the North Melbourne Football Club and the Geelong Football Club.
James Okwuosa, a male football player born on September 14, 1990, in Lagos, Nigeria, plays association football and is a citizen of Nigeria.
Randika Galhenage, a female cricketer from Sri Lanka, was born on August 14, 1978, in Colombo and plays the sport of cricket.
"Diana" is a biographical film distributed by Entertainment One and produced by Le Pacte. The film features Juliet Stevenson and Naveen Andrews in its cast, with Douglas Rae serving as a producer.
Evan Dimas, born on 13 March 1995 in Surabaya, is a male football player who plays association football and holds Indonesian citizenship.
"Deathstalker Rebellion," a science fiction novel authored by Simon R. Green and published by Victor Gollancz Ltd in the United Kingdom in 1996, is an instance of a literary work.
Bernard Pierce, an American running back who plays for the Baltimore Ravens, has the first name Bernard and the last name Pierce.
Tan White, a female basketball player born on September 27, 1982, in Tupelo, Mississippi, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of basketball.
Pink Hill Airport, located in North Carolina, United States, is an airport that was established on January 8, 1963, and serves Pink Hill, North Carolina. The airport is named after Pink Hill, North Carolina.
"Everything's on Ice" is an English-language film produced and distributed by RKO Pictures, with Sol Lesser as the producer. The film features Wade Boteler and George Meeker in its cast.
Viktor Bolikhov, a male citizen of Russia born on December 1, 1983, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of the FC CFKiS Lobnya team.
Cyril Bagnost, a male athlete born on January 24, 1985, in Épernay, France, is a member of the Racing Club de France Football team.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot in Casa Grande, Arizona, which was operated by the Southern Pacific Transportation Company, is a train station located in Pinal County, Arizona, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but was demolished in 2009.
Humberto Ramos, born on November 27, 1970, in Mexico, is a Mexican citizen who works as an illustrator, comics artist, and painter.
Gregg Blundell, a male football player born on October 3, 1977, in Liverpool, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football as his sport.
Malo Vaga, a male born on April 12, 1965, in Samoa, is a citizen of Samoa who has had careers as both a football player and a football manager.
Alfred Enoch, born on December 2, 1988, in London, is a Brazilian citizen who works as a film actor, television actor, and actor.
"They Just Had to Get Married" is a comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Preston Sturges. It was released on January 1, 1933, and features Slim Summerville as a cast member.
Jeon Hye-sook, a female politician born on May 5, 1955, in Chilgok County, South Korea, is a citizen of South Korea and attended Yeungnam University for her education.
Lorna Tolentino, a female citizen of the Philippines, was born on December 23, 1961, in Concepcion, Tarlac. She is known for her work as both an actor and a comedian.
"Fist City" is a country music album performed by Loretta Lynn, produced by Owen Bradley, and released on Decca Records in 1968.
Ground Control is a real-time tactics video game developed by Massive Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment. It was released on Microsoft Windows on June 1, 2000.
"All the Rage" is a novel written by F. Paul Wilson and published on July 20, 2000. It is a written work originating from the United States.
P. Rajendran, a male politician from India, was born on 28 August 1949 in Kollam.
Kaori Nazuka, born on 24 April 1985 in Tokyo, Japan, is a Japanese citizen who works as a voice actor, child actor, and actor.
Luke Molyneux, born on 29 March 1998 in Bishop Auckland, is a football player who specializes as a midfielder for Sunderland A.F.C., playing association football as his sport.
Mike Spreitzer, born on February 10, 1981, in Torrance, California, is a male guitarist and a citizen of the United States.
Pooja Khanna, a female archer born on November 19, 1990, in Haryana, India, is a citizen of India and has received an Olympic gold medal.
Tod Sloan, whose full name is Tod (given name) Sloan (surname), played ice hockey for the Chicago Blackhawks and the Pittsburgh Hornets in the National Hockey League.
Erik Goeddel, whose full name is Erik Goeddel, is a pitcher for the New York Mets and represents the United States in sports. He was educated at The Nueva School.
Niklas Svedberg, a male ice hockey player born on September 4, 1989, in Sollentuna Municipality, is a citizen of Sweden.
The General Office of the State Council, established in January 1949, is a government agency headquartered in Beijing, China. It replaced the Secretariat of the Government Administration Council and operates under the State Council of the People's Republic of China.
"Morningtown Ride" is a folk music single performed by Malvina Reynolds and produced by Tom Springfield. It was released on the Columbia Graphophone Company label in 1966.
"Bullfighter and the Lady" was produced and distributed by Republic Pictures, with producers John Wayne and Budd Boetticher. The film features John Hubbard and Katy Jurado in the cast.
Ma Sufen, a female sport cyclist from China, was born on January 28, 1987, and her citizenship is Chinese. She competes in cycle sport.
Damian Boeselager, a male member of Volt Europa and a Member of the European Parliament, has been educated at both the University of Bayreuth and the Hertie School, and is employed by McKinsey & Company.
Ohlsdorf is a rural municipality located in the Gmunden District of Austria. It is situated in the country of Austria and shares borders with both Laakirchen and Gmunden.
Salto is a Polish-language film directed by Tadeusz Konwicki and released on June 11, 1965. The film features Zbigniew Cybulski as a cast member and was composed by Wojciech Kilar.
The Tahitian Football Federation, headquartered in Pirae, is a sports governing body established in 1989 that oversees association football in French Polynesia and is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation.
Christine Blower, a female trade unionist born on 20 April 1951 in Surrey, was educated at Tolworth Girls' School and held the position of Secretary.
Ontario Highway 534, which was established in 1956, is a road located in Ontario, Canada. It is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario.
Vasilis Metaxoulis, a male football player born on June 16, 1995, in Katochi, Greece, plays association football as his profession.
Dinuk Wikramanayaka, a male citizen of Sri Lanka born on 15 May 1994 in Kandy, is a cricketer who plays the sport of cricket.
Chieko Higuchi, a Japanese citizen born on January 30, 1981, in Mitaka, Tokyo, is a female singer and voice actress in Japan.
The Eisenhower Executive Office Building is a government building located in Washington, D.C., within the United States. It is part of the White House Complex and has been designated a National Historic Landmark. The building was designed by architect Alfred B. Mullett.
Lidia Vitale, born on October 12, 1972, in Rome, is an Italian actress. She is female and holds citizenship of Italy.
"I'm Still Swinging" is a jazz album performed by trumpeter Joe Newman and released on RCA Records in 1956. It follows his previous album, "The Count's Men."
Jamie Hewitt, born on 17 May 1968 in Chesterfield, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his occupation.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orizaba, established in the year 2000, is a diocese of the Catholic Church located in Orizaba, Mexico. Its headquarters are also in Orizaba, and it shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuacán.
Jason Gavadza, a male Canadian citizen born on January 31, 1976, is a Canadian football player who was educated at the University of Toronto and played for the BC Lions.
Sean Conover, born on July 31, 1984, in Brockton, Massachusetts, is a male American citizen who plays American football as his profession.
Shishir Hattangadi, a male citizen of India born on 30 July 1961 in Kolkata, was a cricketer who played the sport of cricket.
Peter Pund, a male American football player, was born in Augusta, Georgia, and played as a center for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team.
Manuela De Iuliis is a female human born on March 23, 1991, in Italy. She is a professional sport cyclist specializing in cycle sport.
Tai Shui Hang station is an elevated metro station located in the Sha Tin District of China. It is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by the MTR Corporation.
Enrique Romero, a male football player born on June 23, 1971, in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain, participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Speed Kings is a racing video game published on the Xbox console by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released on May 23, 2003, and originates from the United Kingdom.
Odnoklassniki, a social networking website headquartered in Moscow, was founded on March 4, 2006, and is owned by Mail.Ru in Russia.
"Mr. Nookayya" is an action film from India, composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, featuring Manchu Manoj in the cast. The film was published on January 1, 2012.
Odoriba Station is an underground metro station located in Yokohama, Japan. It was officially opened in 1999.
Ryan Esders, born on 20 October 1986 in Kingston upon Hull, is a male rugby league player who plays for the London Broncos.
Jens Karlsson, born on November 7, 1982, in Gothenburg, Sweden, is a male ice hockey player who holds Swedish citizenship.
"The Alchemy of Desire," a novel authored by Tarun Tejpal and published by Ecco Press, is a literary work that was published on December 26, 2006.
"Greasy Lake & Other Stories" is a book written in English by T.C. Boyle, published in 1985 by Viking Press in the United States.
"A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night" is a pop music album performed by Harry Nilsson, produced by Derek Taylor, and published on RCA Records in 1973.
"Muse" is an alternative rock album performed by Candy Lo, produced by Kubert Leung, and released under the Sony BMG label on January 1, 2000.
Roznovanu Palace, located in Iași, is a city hall designated as a Monument istoric and situated in both Iași and Iași County, Romania.
"Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet" is an essay written by Mark Lynas, published in the United Kingdom by Fourth Estate on an unspecified day in 2007.
RayForce is a video game composed by Tamayo Kawamoto, published in January 1993 by Taito. It originated in Japan and was released for the Android operating system.
Leandro Lacunza, born on 21 July 1997 in Punta Alta, Argentina, is a male football player who plays association football as his profession.
Sheriddin Boboev, born on April 21, 1999, in Tajikistan, is a professional football player who specializes as a forward for FC Istiklol.
Ken Watanabe, born on October 21, 1959, in Uonuma, Japan, is a versatile actor with careers in film, stage, and television.
The 1st Venice International Film Festival, which was part of the Venice Film Festival series, took place in Venice, Italy, in 1932, and was followed by the 2nd Venice International Film Festival.
Tom Nilsson, a male ice hockey player born on August 19, 1993, in Tyresö Municipality, is a Swedish citizen who plays the sport of ice hockey.
"Mixed Nuts," a silent short film released on January 1, 1922, features Stan Laurel in the cast and was directed by James Parrott and produced by Samuel Bischoff.
"The Pointy End" is a television series episode that aired on June 5, 2011. Directed by Daniel Minahan and written by George R.R. Martin, the episode is in English and features music composed by Ramin Djawadi.
"The Final Countdown" is a glam metal single by the band Europe, released on February 14, 1986, under Epic Records. It is part of their album "The Final Countdown."
Dushawne Simpson, a male citizen of the United States born on December 5, 1972, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of the Seacoast United Phantoms sports team.
Hallsberg is an urban area in Sweden, serving as the capital of Hallsberg Municipality. It is located within both Kumla Municipality and Hallsberg Municipality, and its main category is listed under the Hallsberg category.
Addys Mercedes, born on January 1, 1973, in Moa, Cuba, is a Cuban citizen who works as a singer, musician, and singer-songwriter.
"Prester John," an adventure novel written in English by John Buchan, was published on an unspecified day in 1910 by William Blackwood.
Gary Fan, a male politician born on October 30, 1966, in British Hong Kong, is a citizen of Hong Kong and attended the Academy of Art University.
Yu Hasegawa, a male football player born on July 5, 1987, in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football as his sport.
"Always and Forever," a pop music single performed by Kostas Martakis and produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos, was released on January 1, 2008, under the record label Sony BMG.
Not on Our Watch is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Los Angeles, United States. Founded by Don Cheadle, the organization is based in Los Angeles and operates as a charitable entity.
Arthur Ashe Stadium is a tennis stadium located in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the United States. It is owned by the United States Tennis Association and is part of the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center.
GNR is a punk rock band that was formed on January 1, 1981, in Portugal. They are signed with EMI and are known for their origins in the Portuguese music scene.
Amal Allana, a female citizen of India born on September 14, 1947, in Mumbai, is a theatre director who was educated at the National School of Drama.
Chioma Ubogagu, a female football player born on September 10, 1992, in London, holds citizenship of both the United States and the United Kingdom.
Stan O'Neill, a male Australian rules football player born on January 6, 1932, played for the Sydney Swans.
"Sealed Hearts" is a drama film directed by Ralph Ince, which was published in January 1919. It is an English-language film produced in the United States.
The City of Moonee Valley is a local government entity in Victoria, Australia, established on January 1, 1994. It shares a border with the City of Maribyrnong and its administrative center is Moonee Ponds, Victoria.
Pat Crow, a male tennis player born on April 11, 1966, in California, is a citizen of the United States and plays tennis as his sport.
"Doom: Annihilation" is a film distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, originally produced in the United States with English as its original language. The cast includes Lorina Kamburova, Amy Manson, and Luke Allen-Gale.
"Honey," a song composed in the English language and originating from the United States, features contributions from Moby, Bessie Jones, and Alan Lomax, who all served as composers. Moby also produced the song.
Seiloni Iaruel, a male football player born on 17 April 1995 in Vanuatu, is a citizen of Vanuatu and plays association football as his sport.
Roberth Björknesjö, born on 30 April 1973 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a male citizen of Sweden who has had careers both as a football player and as a manager in association football.
Elizabeth Manu, a female netballer born on September 16, 1986, in Wellington, New Zealand, is a citizen of New Zealand and plays the sport of netball.
Konoura Station, which was established on June 30, 1922, is a train station located in Nikaho, Akita, Japan. It is operated by the East Japan Railway Company and is part of the Uetsu Main Line.
"Three in the Attic" is a comedy-drama film distributed by American International Pictures, with English as its original language. The film features Christopher Jones and Judy Pace in the cast, and was produced by Richard Wilson, who also directed it.
"Fling in the Ring" is a comedy film directed by Jules White and written by Clyde Bruckman. It was released on January 1, 1955, and features Moe Howard as a cast member.
Renan da Silva Costa, born on September 4, 1987, in Campina Grande, Brazil, is a male football player who plays association football.
"Transit," a drama film directed by Hannah Espia and published on July 27, 2013, features Irma Adlawan as a cast member and carries a Kijkwijzer rating of 9.
"Penmani Aval Kanmani" is a film composed by Sankar Ganesh, directed and written by Visu, and featuring Pratap K. Pothen in the cast. It was published in 1983.
"Yolki 3" is a film directed by Levan Gabriadze, composed by Nikolai Fomenko, and released on December 26, 2013. The film features cast members Ivan Urgant and Anton Bogdanov.
The Ryan Center is a building located in Rhode Island, United States, owned by the University of Rhode Island and operated by Comcast Spectacor. It is home to the Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team.
Texas State Highway 163, which was established in 1930, is a road located in Texas, United States. It is owned and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Connor Gordon, born on September 11, 1996, in Huntington Beach, California, is a professional football player who specializes as a forward for Orange County SC.
The Siege of El Arish was a military operation that took place as part of the French campaign in Egypt and Syria. It was a siege conducted in Arish, Egypt, starting on February 11, 1799, and ending on February 19, 1799.
Ahmad Nivins, a male basketball player born on February 10, 1987, in Jersey City, New Jersey, is a citizen of the United States and plays basketball as his occupation.
Ma Xichong, a male politician born on January 1, 912, in Changsha, is the son of Ma Yin. He is an instance of a human.
Iowa Highway 150 is a road that is part of the Iowa Primary Highway System, located in Iowa, United States. It is owned and maintained by the Iowa Department of Transportation.
Andy Reece, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born on September 5, 1962, and played association football for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Andre Agassi Tennis is a sports game that was published on March 31, 1994, for the Sega Genesis platform in the United States. The game is distributed on ROM cartridges.
Detective School Dropouts is a comedy film written by David Landsberg and produced by Yoram Globus, starring actors George Eastman, Giancarlo Prete, and Lorin Dreyfuss.
"102 Minutes" is a nonfiction book published on January 1, 2005, by Times Books in the United States. It was written by journalist Jim Dwyer.
Paul Butler, a male boxer born on November 11, 1988, in Chester, United Kingdom, is a professional boxer by occupation.
Jonathan Zwikel, a male ice hockey player born on July 16, 1975, in the Brussels metropolitan area, participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics and is a citizen of Belgium.
Aizkraukle Station is a train station located in Aizkraukle, Latvia, which was officially opened in 1919. Owned and operated by Latvian Railways, it serves as an important transportation hub in the region.
Steve Mandanda, a male football player born on March 28, 1985, in Kinshasa, is a French citizen who participated in the 2008-09 UEFA Champions League.
Geoff Collier, born on 25 July 1950 in Blackpool, was a football player who played as a forward for Macclesfield Town F.C. in association football.
Arnold G. Kluge, born on January 1, 1935, is a male citizen of the United States who works as both a zoologist and a herpetologist at the University of Michigan.
JellyRoll is a male rapper born on December 4, 1986, in Nashville, Tennessee, and he is a citizen of the United States.
"Minuta slavy" is a Russian-language TV show produced by Soho Media, which aired on Channel One Russia from February 17, 2007, to April 29, 2017, with Alexander Oleshko as the presenter.
Norberg Municipality is part of Västmanland and is located within Västmanland County in Sweden. It became a municipality on January 1, 1971, and shares a border with Hedemora Municipality.
Robertstown GFC, a sports club founded in 1919, is based in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland, where it has its headquarters and plays Gaelic football.
Rahul Mahajan, a male artist born on 25 July 1975 in Ambajogai, Mumbai, is an Indian citizen.
Darryl Worley's album, published on DreamWorks Records in 2004, is a country music album produced by Frank Rogers. Darryl Worley performs on this album.
Javagal Srinath, a male citizen of India, was born on August 31, 1969, in Mysore and is known for his career as a cricketer.
The Riverside Municipal Auditorium, a performing arts center and theater structure located in Riverside, California, United States, was inaugurated on January 1, 1929, and is operated by Live Nation for events.
Guardians 4 is a Japanese pop music band that was formed in Japan in 2009. The group includes Aika Mitsui among its members.
Filip Mingotti, a male ice hockey player born on December 18, 1993, in Sweden, is a citizen of Sweden and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Plough Publishing House, founded by Eberhard Arnold in 1920, is a publisher headquartered in Walden, New York, and owned by the Bruderhof Communities in the United States.
Matt Doran, born on 30 March 1976 in Sydney, Australia, is a versatile actor who works in both films and television.
Haygrove School is an academy secondary school located in Bridgwater, Somerset, United Kingdom. It was established on July 1, 2011.
"Valentina," a Spanish-language film directed by Eduardo Gondell and produced in Argentina, was released on January 1, 2008, and distributed by Illusion Studios.
"People of Rome" is a film composed by Armando Trovajoli and featuring cast members Fabio Ferrani and Nanni Moretti. The film was published on January 1, 2003, and subsequently re-released on January 20, 2005.
Bratty Babies is a Canadian TV show produced in English by Capital Arts Entertainment, with Shawn Williamson as the producer. It was distributed by Saban Entertainment and originally produced in the English language.
David Mitov Nilsson, a male football player born on January 12, 1991, in Norrköping, Sweden, plays association football and is a citizen of Sweden.
Gilbert Rozon, a male citizen of Canada born on October 26, 1954, in Montreal, is known for his occupations as a television presenter and a talent manager.
"Gung Ho" is a film directed by Ron Howard and released on January 1, 1986. The film features Clint Howard and Rick Overton in its cast, and its music was composed by Thomas Newman.
Davis Wade Stadium is a stadium owned and operated by Mississippi State University and is located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States. It serves as the home field for the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
Simran Kaur Mundi, born on September 13, 1988, in Mumbai, India, is a model, beauty pageant contestant, and actor.
The Fiat 508 is a car model manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, belonging to the A-segment. It follows the Fiat 509 and is followed by the Fiat 1100.
Virgilio Rodríguez Beteta, born on March 10, 1885, in Guatemala City, was a Guatemalan historian and lawyer who passed away on March 23, 1967.
Juan Redondo, a male football player born on January 17, 1977 (with a possible alternative date of January 16, 1977), was born in Camas, Seville, and is a citizen of Spain.
Arnhem Centraal railway station, which opened officially on May 14, 1845, was built and is owned by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. Located in Arnhem, Netherlands, it has been in operation since January 1, 1845.
Harry Roy is a male jazz musician from the United Kingdom, known by his given name Harry and family name Roy.
The Liberty Bell Classic is an athletics meeting held in the United States, taking place from July 16 to July 17, 1980.
"On the Fire" is a silent film produced by Hal Roach in the United States. The cast includes Marie Mosquini and Bebe Daniels, and the film is now in the public domain.
Dean Edward Johnson, born on July 15, 1950, in Atlanta, is a male citizen of the United States who works as a prosecutor and was educated at Yale University.
Campbell Best, a male football player born on March 12, 1986, in the Cook Islands, is a citizen of the Cook Islands and plays association football as his sport.
Sidney Moraes, born on March 3, 1977, in Ituiutaba, Brazil, is a male who has had careers both as a football player and as a manager in association football.
"The Secret Orchard" is a silent film produced by Jesse L. Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was originally made in the English language in the United States, with Homer Scott serving as the director of photography.
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, an association football club based in La Plata, Argentina, was founded on June 3, 1887, and competes in the Argentine Primera División.
Jillian Smythe, born on December 19, 1985, in Dublin, is a female cricketer whose family name is Smythe.
Jens Wahl, born on 24 July 1966 in East Germany, is a male football player who holds citizenship in both East Germany and Germany.
Kodak Alaris, a private company limited by shares and an enterprise in the photo industry, was established in 2013 and has its headquarters in Hemel Hempstead.
Brian Lavender, a male ice hockey player born on April 20, 1947, in Edmonton, Canada, is a citizen of Canada and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Josh Robinson is a male basketball player born on March 13, 1996, in St. Louis. He plays for the Austin Peay Governors basketball team.
Scaredy Cat is a comedy horror film produced by Edward Selzer and distributed by Warner Bros., originally in English. It is part of the Merrie Melodies series and was produced in the United States.
John Scott, a male citizen of Canada born in 1928, was an ice hockey player who played for the East York Lyndhursts.
DubVision, an electro house musical duo, was formed in the Netherlands in 2010. They are originally from the Netherlands and are signed with the record label Spinnin' Records.
Chwalfa is a novel written by Thomas Rowland Hughes and published by Gomer Press. It is a literary work originally written in the Welsh language and originates from Wales.
"The Captive Temple," a novel authored by Jude Watson and published on April 1, 2000, by Scholastic Corporation, is a literary work originating from the United States.
The Duke Spirit, an alternative rock and garage rock band from the United Kingdom, was formed on January 1, 2003, and is signed to Fiction Records.
Max Osborne, born on 21 November 1990 in Orsett, is a male cricketer from the United Kingdom.
Dalian Airlines, headquartered in Dalian, China, was founded on January 1, 2011, and operates under its parent organization, Air China, with its main hub at Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport.
Parkside School in Cullingworth is a foundation secondary school located in the City of Bradford, United Kingdom. It was established on September 1, 2000.
"Hangup" is a film directed by Henry Hathaway and composed by Tony Camillo, published on January 1, 1974. The film features Cliff Potts and Herbert Jefferson Jr. in its cast.
Ma Boyong, a male novelist born on December 14, 1980, in Chifeng, China, is a citizen of China.
Kirk Bowman, a male ice hockey player born on September 30, 1952, in Leamington, Ontario, is a Canadian citizen who plays ice hockey.
"Holy Diver" is a heavy metal song performed by the band Dio, which was released as a single on August 1, 1983, and is part of the album "Holy Diver."
Tone is a magazine that originated in New Zealand, published by Parkside Media. It was conceived on January 1, 1999, and its first publication date was October 1, 1999.
"Merlin's Ring," a speculative fiction novel authored by H. Warner Munn and published by Ballantine Books, is a literary work from the United States that was released on June 1, 1974.
The 2015 Aegon Classic -- Singles is a women's singles tennis event that was part of the 2015 Aegon Classic, held in the United Kingdom during 2015.
"Illusion and Reality," a non-fiction book authored by Christopher Caudwell and published by Macmillan Publishers in the United Kingdom, was released in 1937.
Graham Barrow, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on 13 June 1954 in Chorley, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
Jenny Morrison, born on January 8, 1968, in Canterbury, New South Wales, is a female Australian citizen who works as a nurse.
Ross McKenzie, a male football player born on 16 March 1983 in Dundee, plays association football and holds citizenship of New Zealand.
"The Lackey and the Lady" is a silent film from the United Kingdom, produced by the British Actors Film Company. It was written by Tom Gallon and features Roy Travers in the cast. The film is in the English language.
"Chaste Susanne" is a comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and released on January 1, 1926. The film stars Otto Wallburg and Jean Gilbert.
Inoka Ranaweera, a female cricketer from Sri Lanka, was born on February 18, 1986, in Balapitiya.
"The Bookshop" is a novel, published in 1978 in the United Kingdom by Gerald Duckworth. It is a written work authored by Penelope Fitzgerald.
Keith Davis, whose full name is Keith (given name) Davis (surname), played as a defensive back for both the Miami Dolphins and the Oakland Raiders, representing the United States in his sports career.
Jacek Kurski, whose full name is Jacek Kurski, is a member of the Polish political party Law and Justice. He holds positions as a Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland and a Member of the European Parliament, and he has been awarded the Cross of Freedom and Solidarity.
X Factor India is a television series that originated in India, starting on May 29, 2011. Created by Simon Cowell and produced by Fremantle, the show is originally in Hindi.
Bob Newland, a male citizen of the United States, was born on October 27, 1948, and is known for his career as an American football player, having been a member of the New Orleans Saints.
Rick Ladson, a male Australian rules football player born on February 18, 1984, plays for the Hawthorn Football Club.
Mihaela Buzărnescu is a female tennis player from Romania, born on May 4, 1988, in Bucharest.
The Walsh County Courthouse, located in North Dakota, United States, is a historic courthouse designed by architect Theodore B. Wells in the Art Deco style. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Indiana is a novel written by George Sand and first published on April 1832 in France. The literary work was initiated in 1832 and falls under the genre of a novel.
SV 19 Straelen, an association football club founded in 1919, is based in Straelen, Germany, where it also has its headquarters. The club plays association football and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Straelen.
"The Battle," a drama silent short film released on January 1, 1911, was both directed and written by D.W. Griffith and featured Charles West among its cast members.
Kentucky Route 79 is a road in the United States, specifically located in Kentucky, and is part of the numbered highways system in Kentucky. It is owned and maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Anna Umemiya, born on August 20, 1972, in Tokyo, Japan, is a fashion model and tarento by occupation.
Svetlana Lipatova, a female citizen of Russia born on February 19, 1993, in Kazan, is an amateur freestyle wrestler.
Murarai railway station, which was officially opened and inaugurated in 1866, is a train station located in the Birbhum district of India. It is owned by Indian Railways and was established in 1866.
John Curry is a male ice hockey player from Shorewood, Minnesota, who was born on February 27, 1984. He is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of ice hockey.
The Mayor of Christchurch is a position within New Zealand that was established on June 10, 1868, and applies to the jurisdiction of Christchurch. This role is a subclass of the general term "Mayor."
Paolo Facchinetti, born on 6 March 1984 in Calcinate, Italy, is a male association football player who holds Italian citizenship.
Argentum Fondsinvesteringer, an investment fund based in Bergen, Norway, was established as an aksjeselskap on October 1, 2001.
The Gran Hotel Montesol Ibiza, a hotel located in Ibiza, Spain, was built by Hilton Worldwide. It was inaugurated on January 1, 1933, and officially opened to guests on June 4, 1933.
Archie Bunker's Place, created by Norman Lear and distributed by ELP Communications, premiered on CBS on September 23, 1979, and featured cast members Anne Meara and Danielle Brisebois.
"Spinning Around" is a song and single by Kylie Minogue, released as part of her album "Light Years" on June 19, 2000. The song falls under the genre of house music.
Gondwana Choirs, founded in 1989 by Lyn Williams and headquartered in Sydney, Australia, is a choir directed and managed by Lyn Williams.
The House of Stuart, a royal house that originated from the Clan Stewart, was founded by Robert II of Scotland in 1371 and became part of the Kingdom of Scotland. It includes the Clan Stewart of Appin among its parts.
Polina Leykina, a female tennis player from Russia, was born on September 20, 1994, in Moscow.
Nandana Sen, born on August 19, 1967, in Kolkata, is an Indian citizen who works as a film producer, screenwriter, and actor.
Kyoga Nakamura, a male football player born on 25 April 1996 in Funabashi, Japan, plays association football and is a citizen of Japan.
Libby Copus-Brown, a female football player born on November 10, 1997, in Australia, plays association football and is a citizen of Australia.
Daam Foulon, a male football player born on 23 March 1999 in Mechelen, Belgium, is a citizen of Belgium and plays association football as his sport.
Mutsuna Station is a train station in Japan, located in Okazaki, Aichi. It was inaugurated on January 31, 1988, and officially opened in 1988, connecting to the Aichi Loop Line.
"Bank Error in Your Favour" is a French film written by Gérard Bitton and starring Roger Dumas and Gérard Lanvin. The film is originally from France and is set in Paris.
Dexter Holland is a human who is both a virologist and a composer, known for his work in the punk rock genre under the record label Epitaph Records. He was educated at the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
Amanda Nunes, a Brazilian female born on May 30, 1988, in Salvador, Bahia, is a mixed martial artist and judoka.
"High There" is a documentary film directed, written, and featuring Wayne Darwen, published in 2015.
Soil is an American hard rock band that was formed in Chicago in 1997. They are based in the United States and are signed to DRT Entertainment.
Sirens Stadium, owned and operated by Sirens F.C., is a stadium located in St. Paul's Bay, Malta. It was established in 1970 and serves as the home ground for the football club.
Stuttgart-Weilimdorf station, a train station located in Stuttgart, Germany, was officially opened on December 3, 1988, and it is part of the Stuttgart S-Bahn network.
The 1998 Eurocard Open was a tennis tournament edition held in Germany in 1998. It was part of the Eurocard Open series and included singles competition.
Guy A. Lepage, born on August 30, 1960, in Montreal, Canada, is a versatile professional with occupations including television producer, television presenter, and actor.
Vasili Pavlov, whose family name is Pavlov and given name is Vasili, is a Russian forward who has played for FC Rubin-2 Kazan and FC Dacia Chișinău.
Jonas van Genechten, born on September 16, 1986, in Lobbes, Belgium, is a male sport cyclist with Belgian citizenship.
"Knot Gneiss" is a speculative fiction novel authored by Piers Anthony and published on October 12, 2010, by Tor Books in the United States.
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C., headquartered in Wolverhampton, participates in association football and plays in the Premier League. The club owns and uses Molineux Stadium as their home venue and was also a participant in the 1889 FA Cup Final.
"Something Breathing" is a poetry collection written by Stanley McNail and published in 1965 by Arkham House in the United States.
Pepa Poch is a female artist born on an unspecified day in January 1960 in Barcelona, Spain. She is a citizen of Spain and her given name is Pepa.
Iwakuni Station, a train station in Iwakuni, Japan, was inaugurated on September 25, 1897, and officially opened on January 1, 1897, with connections to the San'yō Main Line.
Yashio Station, a train station located in Yashio, Saitama, Japan, officially opened on January 1, 2005, and it is connected to the Tsukuba Express line.
Shenzhou 1, part of the Shenzhou program and operated by the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, was launched on November 19, 1999, from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center using the Long March 2F launch vehicle.
Mick Heath, born on 9 January 1953 in Hillingdon, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his occupation.
Raksha Khadase, a female politician born on May 13, 1987, is a citizen of India and holds the position of Member of the 17th Lok Sabha as part of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Saskatchewan Highway 303 is a road in Canada that is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure of Saskatchewan. It is part of the road system in Saskatchewan and is located within the province of Saskatchewan.
Pete Smith, a male sport cyclist born on May 1, 1944, in the United Kingdom, has the surname Smith and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom.
Robin Gladwin, born on August 12, 1940, in Harlow, was a football player who played as a defender for Norwich City F.C. in association football.
"The Steamer" is a jazz album published in 1957, performed by Stan Getz, produced by Norman Granz, and released under Verve Records.
Ilias Manikas, a male football player born on May 11, 1980, in Greece, is a Greek citizen who plays association football.
Edgar Varela, a male athlete born on March 2, 1996, in Portugal, competes in men's sports and holds Portuguese citizenship.
"Deceptive Bends" is a progressive pop album performed and produced by 10cc, published on Mercury Records in 1977.
Jutta Weber, a female swimmer born on 28 June 1954 in Hamm, Germany, participated in the Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
"Lost Youth" is an Italian film produced and distributed by Lux Film, with Carlo Ponti also serving as a producer. The film was produced in Italy and its original language is Italian.
Cody Fajardo, whose given name is Cody, is a human who played American football as a quarterback for the Nevada Wolf Pack football team while he was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno.
Johnny Walker, born in 1973, is a human who plays as a midfielder for Mansfield Town F.C. His full name is Johnny Walker, with "Walker" being his surname.
"Na Maloom Afraad" is a comedy thriller film directed by Nabeel Qureshi and composed by Sabir Zafar. It was published on August 14, 2014, and features Fahad Mustafa in the cast.
Christakis Christoforou, a male football player born on 26 January 1964 in Cyprus, is a citizen of Cyprus and plays association football.
"Nightrise," a speculative fiction thriller written by Anthony Horowitz, was published on April 2, 2007, in the United Kingdom.
Nurettin Canikli, born on 15 May 1960 in Alucra, Turkey, is a male politician who holds citizenship of Turkey and earned his education at the University of Sheffield.
The Bunkyo Civic Center, a skyscraper in Tokyo, Japan, was both inaugurated and officially opened in 1994. It was designed by the architectural firm Nikken Sekkei.
Olga Gorshenina, a female handball player from Russia, was born on November 9, 1990, in Tolyatti and is a member of the HC Kuban Krasnodar sports team.
Saulo Fernandes, a male singer born on September 9, 1977, in Barreiras, Brazil, is a citizen of Brazil.
Betty Castor, born on May 11, 1941, in Glassboro, New Jersey, is a female citizen of the United States who has worked as both a politician and a teacher.
Newton Cardoso, a male politician born on 22 May 1938 in Brumado, Brazil, served as a Brazilian federal deputy.
David Celermajer, a male cardiologist born on December 8, 1961, in Sydney, Australia, is an Australian citizen who was educated at Sydney Grammar School.
Tatum Airport, located in New Mexico, United States, is an airport that was established on January 6, 1958, and serves the town of Tatum, New Mexico, after which it is named.
Plymouth railway station is a train station located in Plymouth, United Kingdom, operated by Great Western Railway. It connects to both the Cornish Main Line and the Exeter--Plymouth line.
"The Gentleman Misbehaves" is a musical film directed by George Sherman, which was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures in 1946.
Patrice Siolo, a male rugby league player born on February 23, 1994, in Auckland, is a citizen of New Zealand.
Richard Bloom, a member of the California Democratic Party and a human, works in Sacramento, California, where he speaks, writes, and signs in the English language.
Ricky Greenough, a male football player born on 30 May 1961 in Mexborough, United Kingdom, plays association football as his occupation.
Cha Hwa-yeon, a female film actor born on December 27, 1960, in South Korea, is a citizen of South Korea and attended Seoul Arts High School for her education.
Robert Eckels, a member of the Republican Party, served as a member of the Texas House of Representatives, working in Austin, Texas. He was educated at the University of Houston.
Marco Reus, a male football player born on 31 May 1989 in Dortmund, Germany, participated in the UEFA Euro 2012.
"High Explosive" is a film from 1943 directed by Frank McDonald, written by Maxwell Shane, and featuring Chester Morris in the cast. The film's music was composed by Daniele Amfitheatrof.
Blair Riley, a male ice hockey player born on November 1, 1985, in Kamloops, Canada, is a citizen of Canada and plays the sport of ice hockey.
FlingSmash is an action video game published by Nintendo for the Wii on November 7, 2010, with its country of origin being Japan.
Springfield Municipal Airport in South Dakota, which serves Springfield, South Dakota, was established on January 4, 1964. Located in South Dakota, United States, the airport is named after Springfield and is an important transportation hub for the area.
Yury Kazlow was a member of the sports team FC Minsk. He started with FC Minsk at a certain time and ended his tenure there at another time. Additionally, he had a separate stint with FC Minsk starting at a different time, which also ended at a specific time and was associated with an acquisition transaction.
Eugenio Calderón, a male football player born on May 21, 1963, in Mexico, played association football and was a member of the sports team Tigres UANL.
W. Benton Evans, born on January 18, 1882, in Fredericton, Canada, was a male politician who served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick.
Yayoi Kobayashi, a female football player born on September 18, 1981, in Tama, Tokyo, Japan, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
TG Viktoria Augsburg, an association football club founded in 1897, is headquartered and located in Augsburg, Germany, where it plays its sport of association football.
"In Watermelon Sugar" is a post-apocalyptic and science fiction novel authored by Richard Brautigan, published on June 14, 1968, in the United States.
Ahmed Talbi, born on August 18, 1981, in Berkane, is a male football player from Morocco who plays association football as his profession.
Omonigho Temile, a male football player born on October 30, 1984, in Lagos, Nigeria, is a citizen of Nigeria and plays association football as his profession.
"Fantasy" is a Mandopop album performed and produced by Jay Chou, published on Sony Music in January 2001.
"Frozen Land" is a film directed by Aku Louhimies and released on both January 1, 2005, and January 14, 2005. The film features cast members Matleena Kuusniemi and Sulevi Peltola.
Henry Casimir II, also known as Henri, was a male Count and the son of William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz. He worked in and was buried in Leeuwarden.
Natália Lage, a female actor born on October 30, 1978, in Niterói, is a citizen of Brazil.
"1830: Railroads & Robber Barons" is a video game developed by Simtex and published by Avalon Hill for the DOS platform. It was released in the United States in 1995.
EXFO is a telecommunications business headquartered in Quebec City, Canada. Founded in 1985, the company operates in the telecommunication industry.
Pioneer Coal Limited is a mining company that was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada. It operates under the legal form of a company.
Angela Ridgeon, a female human born in the United Kingdom, is a citizen of the UK and works as an actor.
Giorgio Rasulo, a male football player born on January 23, 1997, in Banbury, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Sandra Madgwick, a female born on 7 March 1963 in Taplow, is a ballet dancer who was educated at the Royal Ballet School.
Clifford Durr, a male human, was educated at both The Queen's College, Oxford, and the University of Alabama. He received a Rhodes Scholarship.
Eric M. Fowler, born on March 2, 1968, in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, is a male musician and a citizen of the United States.
Original Plumbing is a magazine that was conceived on January 1, 2009, and began its publication in September 2009 in the United States. Amos Mac serves as its editor.
"Live! Visions of Europe" is a power metal live album by the band Stratovarius, released on July 7, 1998, under Noise Records. It follows their album "The Past and Now."
Patrick Nys, a male football player born on January 25, 1969, in Turnhout, is a Belgian citizen who plays association football.
Patrik Gunnarsson, born on November 15, 2000, in Iceland, is a professional football player who specializes as a goalkeeper for Brentford F.C.
"Microcosmos" is a nature documentary and documentary film directed by Claude Nuridsany and Marie Pérennou, produced by Christophe Barratier, and distributed by Miramax.
Bankside Power Station, an oil-fired power station located on Bankside in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, was designed by architect Giles Gilbert Scott and operated by the City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited.
"Quantum Psychology" is a book written in English by Robert Anton Wilson, published in the United States in 1990. The main subject of the book is consciousness.
"The Man Who Fights Alone" is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was produced by Adolph Zukor and features actors Edward Everett Horton and George Irving in its cast.
Micky Quinn, whose full name is Michael Quinn, played association football as a forward and was a member of both Portsmouth F.C. and Reading F.C.
ShortCutz Amsterdam is a film festival organization that was established in 2013. It is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands, which is part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Naive John, a male citizen of the United Kingdom, was born on October 18, 1962. He is a painter who studied at Liverpool John Moores University.
Oklahoma State Highway 79 is a road in the United States, specifically located in Oklahoma, and it is part of the numbered highways in Oklahoma system. It is owned and maintained by the Oklahoma Department of Transportation.
Lauren Kinsella, a female singer born in Dublin on an unspecified day in 1983, is a citizen of the Republic of Ireland.
Xhevdet Shabani, born on 10 October 1986 in Kaçanik, is a male football player from Albania who plays association football as his profession.
Ernst Burger, born on 26 March 1937 in Munich, Germany, is a versatile individual with occupations including music critic, pianist, and non-fiction writer.
"When the People Fell" is a science fiction book authored by Cordwainer Smith and published on September 1, 2007, by Baen Books in the United States.
"No Down Payment" is a film composed by Leigh Harline, directed by Martin Ritt, and published on January 1, 1957. The film features cast members Sheree North and Patricia Owens.
Granrodeo is a rock band formed in Tokyo in 2005, specializing in the anison genre. The band includes Kishō Taniyama and is signed with the record label Lantis.
Nicole Killian, born on September 16, 1982, in Buffalo, New York, is a female artist who holds citizenship in the United States.
Imoh Ezekiel, a male football player born on October 24, 1993, in Lagos, Nigeria, participated in the football event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
"Nico and the Niners" is a song and musical composition published on January 1, 2018, with Tyler Joseph as both the composer and lyricist. The song is performed by the band Twenty One Pilots.
The University of Missouri-Kansas City was established in 1933 and is a public university in the United States, located in Kansas City, Missouri. It is part of the University of Missouri System.
Emily van Egmond was a member of the Western New York Flash, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time. She was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
"You'd Be Surprised" is a silent film produced by Jesse L. Lasky for the production company Famous Players-Lasky. The film was written by Robert Benchley and features Dorothy Sebastian and Earle Williams in its cast.
Marco Di Lauro, born on June 16, 1980, in Naples, is an Italian male citizen.
Linnéa Olsson, a Swedish female singer-songwriter born in Sweden on an unspecified day in 1983, is a citizen of Sweden.
The Body Wishes Tour, a concert tour performed by Rod Stewart, took place from May 25, 1983, to August 7, 1983. It followed the Worth Leavin' Home For Tour and was followed by the Camouflage Tour.
Roberto Mirri, born on 21 August 1978 in Imola, Italy, is a male football player who plays association football.
"The Chinese Convert" is a portrait painting created by Godfrey Kneller in 1687. It is painted on canvas and is currently located in Windsor Castle.
Michael Hennet Sotomayor, a male singer born on January 20, 1983, in Tenerife, participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 and holds Spanish citizenship.
Benfica TV is a television network and specialty channel owned by S.L. Benfica, based in Portugal. It was established in 2008 and its headquarters are located at Estádio da Luz.
Northumberland Park Metro station, which opened officially in 2005, is a train station located in North Tyneside, United Kingdom. It is part of the Tyne and Wear Metro system.
Appenzeller Kantonalbank, a public-law institution and cantonal bank operating in the financial services industry, was founded in 1899 and has its headquarters in the village of Appenzell, Switzerland.
Archbishop Holgate's School, founded by Robert Holgate and established on April 1, 2011, is an academy located in the City of York, United Kingdom. It is a secondary school.
Bill Stinchcomb, a male human born on June 21, 1963, in Sarasota, Florida, is an actor.
"The Terminator Gene" is a science fiction novel authored by Ian Irvine and published in Australia by Simon & Schuster on an unspecified day in 2003.
Mississippi Highway 21 is a road owned and maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation, and it is part of the Mississippi State Highway System. Located in Mississippi, United States, this highway is an integral part of the state's infrastructure.
The 1996 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, which took place in the United States at Centennial Olympic Stadium, was part of the 1996 Summer Olympics and followed the 1992 Summer Olympics opening ceremony before being succeeded by the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony. This event is categorized as an instance of an event in philosophy.
"Sugar and Spies" is an animated short film directed by Robert McKimson and composed by Walter Greene. It was produced by David H. DePatie and originally released on January 1, 1966, in the English language.
Jane Bernstein, a human, received her education at Columbia University, specifically at the Columbia University School of the Arts. She is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and has been awarded the title of Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Rich Busa, a male citizen of the United States born on October 30, 1929, is a human who works as a marathon runner in the sport of athletics.
Dmitri Zarva, a male football player born on June 15, 1985, in Russia, plays association football and is a member of FC Krasnodar-2000.
Percy Damman, a male human, played Australian rules football and was educated at Melbourne Grammar School. His full name is Percy Damman.
Alexandros Tabakis is a member of the Charleston Battery, having been acquired through a transaction and joining the team at a specific start time, after which his tenure with the team ended at a particular end time.
Ri-Fi is an Italian record label headquartered in Milan, founded in 1959 by Giovanni Battista Ansoldi and dissolved in 1980.
Santosh Lad, a male politician born on February 27, 1975, in Sanduru, India, holds the position of Member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
"Wish I Could Fly" is a pop music single performed by Roxette and released on February 1, 1999, under the record label EMI. It is part of the album "Have a Nice Day."
René Berra, a male ice hockey player born on February 13, 1942, in Switzerland, participated in the 1972 Winter Olympics and holds Swiss citizenship.
Zhang Xinyi, born on May 29, 1981, in Sichuan, is a female actor who was educated at the Central Academy of Drama.
Nagato-Misumi Station, which opened on November 3, 1924, is a train station operated by the West Japan Railway Company and located in Nagato, Yamaguchi, Japan. It serves the San'in Main Line.
Sally Capp, a female citizen of Australia, was born in New Guinea and has been educated at the Melbourne Law School. She works as both a business executive and a politician.
Xavian Virgo, a male football player born on October 25, 1985, in Kingston, Jamaica, is a citizen of Jamaica and plays association football as his profession.
Lucas Coelho, born on 20 July 1994 in Lages, Brazil, is a male football player who plays association football.
Bars and Melody, a musical duo from the United Kingdom, was formed in 2013 and records with Syco Music. They perform in both hip hop and pop genres.
Manisa Celal Bayar University, a public university located in Manisa, Turkey, was established in 1992 and separated from Ege University. The primary language used at the university is Turkish.
Dengeki G's Magazine, a Japanese magazine published in Japan, was first released on December 26, 1992, by MediaWorks. It is written in the Japanese language.
Adriana Cardoso de Castro, a female handball player born on October 29, 1990, in Fortaleza, Brazil, is a member of the sports team Randers HK.
Sandvikens AIK Fotboll, an association football club founded on January 1, 1901, is based in Sandviken Municipality, Sweden, where it also has its headquarters.
Ninetta Vad is a female Hungarian canoeist born on January 1, 1989, in Budapest. She practices canoeing and kayaking.
Serge Chiesa, a male football player born on December 25, 1950, in Casablanca, is a French citizen who plays association football.
"Mama Say" is a song and single by the band Bloodhound Gang, published on May 16, 1995. It is part of their album "Dingleberry Haze" and falls under the hip hop music genre.
"El Primer Beso" is a film directed by Enrique Carreras and released in 1958. It is part of his filmography and features Carlos Borsani and Olga Gatti in the cast.
"My Brother Anastasia" is a film directed by Steno and released on January 1, 1973. The movie features music composed by Piero Piccioni and stars Feodor Chaliapin Jr. and Maria Tedeschi.
"Rights of Man," written by Thomas Paine and published in 1791, is a book and a pamphlet that primarily discusses the French Revolution and is written in the English language.
Giuliano Pisani, a male linguist born on 13 April 1950 in Verona, Italy, is an Italian citizen.
Professor Chaos is a television series episode that first aired on April 10, 2002, in the United States. Written by Trey Parker, the episode is in English and made its debut performance on the same day it was published.
Henry Bell Cisnero, a male volleyball player born on July 27, 1982, in Cuba, is a citizen of Cuba and plays the sport of volleyball.
Larry Chester, born on October 17, 1975, in Hammond, Louisiana, is an American football player who specializes as a defensive tackle for the Indianapolis Colts.
Amine Khammas, a male football player born on April 25, 1997, in Rumst, is a Belgian citizen. Note that there seems to be a discrepancy in the date of birth provided; it is listed as both April 25, 1997, and April 6, 1999.
OpenSUSE is a Linux distribution and a free operating system that was first introduced on October 10, 2005. Developed by The openSUSE Project, it runs on the X86-64 platform and is a subclass of Unix-like systems.
Sadeera Samarawickrama, a male cricketer from Sri Lanka, was born on August 3, 1995, in Colombo.
Yun Bing is a female human born in Wujin District, and she works as both an artist and a painter. The last statement "Yun Bing is differentFrom Yun Bing" seems redundant or contradictory and might be an error in the data; otherwise, it would imply a distinction not further elaborated upon.
"Mao: A Reinterpretation" is a book published in 2002, authored by Lee Feigon, and it falls under the genres of narrative history and biography, focusing on the life of Mao Zedong.
Ludwig Haas, born on 16 April 1933 in Eutin, Germany, is a versatile actor known for his work in films and television.
Dhananjay is a film directed by Arindam Sil and composed by Bickram Ghosh, which was released on August 11, 2017. The film features Mir Afsar Ali and Anirban Bhattacharya in its cast.
New York State Route 278 is a road in the United States, located in the state of New York. It is part of the numbered highway system in New York and is owned and maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation.
Premier Election Solutions, a business formed in Ohio on January 22, 2002, has its headquarters in North Canton, Ohio. The company, which is part of Dominion Voting Systems, produces voting machines.
Rudolf Seiters, born on October 13, 1937, in Osnabrück, Germany, is a German politician and jurist.
Matt Benning, born on May 25, 1994, in St. Albert, Alberta, is an ice hockey player who plays as a defenceman for the Edmonton Oilers.
Isabel Bayón Gamero, born on May 13, 1969, in Seville, Spain, is a versatile artist with occupations including choreographer, flamenco dancer, and dancer.
Marissa Nadler, born on April 5, 1981, in Washington, D.C., is a singer-songwriter and guitarist who holds citizenship in the United States.
Fort Wadsworth Light, a lighthouse located on Staten Island in the United States, was built in 1903 and began its service the same year, continuing until it was retired in 1965.
"Le olimpiadi dei mariti" is an Italian film distributed by Cineriz, with narrative locations in Rome. The film features Hélène Chanel and Sandra Mondaini in its cast and is originally from Italy.
Vilimaina Davu is a female netballer from New Zealand, born on January 15, 1977. She is a human who plays the sport of netball.
The Hong Kong Global Geopark, an urban park and geopark located in Hong Kong, China, was established in 2009 and is a member of the Global Geoparks Network.
Emeralds GAA, a hurling sports club founded in 1972, is headquartered and located in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.
"Love Lessons" is a country music album performed by Tracy Byrd, produced by Tony Brown, and released on MCA Records on July 18, 1995.
Richard I. Winwood, a male human born on January 18, 1943, is a businessperson and citizen of the United States. He was educated at Portland State University.
"Way Out Games" is a game show television series that originated in the United States. Directed by Richard S. Kline, it premiered on CBS on September 11, 1976.
Meera Deosthale, a female actor born on November 16, 1995, in Vadodara, India, works as a television actor.
Hasan Bilal, a male football player born on 12 March 1998 in Istanbul, Turkey, is a citizen of Turkey and plays association football as his profession.
The Battle of Cooch's Bridge, which took place on September 3, 1777, in Newark, Delaware, was a battle during the American Revolutionary War in which the United States participated.
"The Cartoon" is a television series episode directed by Andy Ackerman and written by Bruce Eric Kaplan. It was originally published on January 29, 1998, and is in the English language.
Elaine Ziemba is a female Canadian politician born in Toronto in 1942. She held the position of Member of Provincial Parliament in Canada.
Salalah SC is an association football club based in Oman, founded in 1981. The club plays in the Oman Professional League and their home venue is Al-Saada Stadium.
"Expect No Mercy" is a hard rock album by the band Nazareth, produced by Manny Charlton and released on November 1, 1977, under the A&M Records label.
Malucha Pinto, born on April 16, 1956, in Santiago, Chile, is a female actor with Chilean citizenship.
Michael Warren, a male painter born on January 1, 1938, resides in Nottingham, United Kingdom, where he holds citizenship. He was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School.
Alex Kouri, a male citizen of Peru born on 7 April 1964 in Lima, is both a lawyer and a politician.
Navin Chawla, a human who speaks, writes, or signs Malayalam, was educated at The Lawrence School, Sanawar and St. Stephen's College, Delhi, and held the position of Chief Election Commissioner of India.
Matt DeMarchi, whose given name is Matthew, is a human and an ice hockey player from the United States. He plays as a defenceman for the sports team Asiago Hockey 1935.
Gary L. Browning, a male citizen of the United States born on January 1, 1940, is a linguist who was educated at and is employed by Brigham Young University.
Moez Echargui, a male tennis player from Tunisia, was born on January 10, 1993, in La Marsa.
Héctor Ortiz Ortiz, a male citizen of Mexico born on July 28, 1950, in Oaxaca City, is both a lawyer and a politician.
"Cold Turkey" is a comedy film produced by Tandem Productions and distributed by United Artists. The film features Norman Lear as a producer and includes notable cast members such as Judith Lowry and Edward Everett Horton.
"The Shadow Lines," a novel by Indian author Amitav Ghosh, was published in 1988. This literary work is set in London and originates from India.
Jocelyn Ho, a female figure skater born on May 30, 1987, in Etobicoke, Canada, is a Canadian citizen who competes in the sport of figure skating.
Daiba Station in Tokyo, Japan, is a train station that was inaugurated on January 1, 1995, and officially opened on November 1, 1995. It is located in the Minato district of Tokyo and is part of the Yurikamome line.
Abdalá Bucaram Jr., whose given name is Abdalá, is involved in association football and holds political positions as a member of both the Fuerza Ecuador and the Ecuadorian Roldosist Party. He also serves as a member of the National Assembly of Ecuador and has held the position of Supreme director.
Frank Islacker, a male citizen of Germany born on August 29, 1963, was a professional football player who played association football and was a member of the VfL Bochum sports team.
Allied General is a turn-based strategy video game published on Microsoft Windows by Mindscape on September 30, 1996, originating from the United States.
Golden Gate National Cemetery, established in 1937, is a United States National Cemetery System site located in San Bruno, California. It is part of the National Register of Historic Places.
Pascale Jeuland, born on June 2, 1987, in Rennes, France, is a female sport cyclist who holds French citizenship.
Mike McGuire, a male politician born on July 7, 1979, in Healdsburg, California, is a member of the California Democratic Party and holds the position of member of the State Senate of California.
Sargis Hovsepyan, a male football player born on November 2, 1972, in Yerevan, is an Armenian citizen who plays association football.
Bill Wegman, a male baseball player born on December 19, 1962, in Cincinnati, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of baseball.
Primal Fear, a film based on the novel "Primal Fear" by William Diehl, was directed by Michael Chapman as the cinematographer, featured Andre Braugher in its cast, was filmed in Chicago, and had Jeannine Oppewall as the production designer.
"The Story of the Amulet," a novel authored by E. Nesbit and published in the United Kingdom by T. Fisher Unwin in 1906, is a literary work belonging to the genre of fiction.
"The Animals' Christmas" is a pop music album produced by Geoff Emerick and performed by Art Garfunkel. It was released on Columbia Records in 1986.
"ArchEnemy," a fantasy novel authored by Frank Beddor and published on October 15, 2009, is a written work from the United Kingdom.
Shunta Todd, born on July 31, 1988, is a female Bermudian cricketer with the surname Todd.
Sudhir Asnani, a male citizen of India born on December 7, 1960, in Bhopal, has had a career as both a cricketer and a cricket umpire.
"Up from the Ashes" is a hard rock album performed and produced by Don Dokken, released on October 21, 1990, under Geffen Records.
Matt Prater, born on August 10, 1984, in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, is a male American football player who holds citizenship in the United States.
"Take Me in Your Arms" is a film composed by Manuel Esperón, directed by Julio Bracho, and published in 1954. The film features Andrés Soler and Andrea Palma in its cast.
Clayton Watson, a human who attended Pembroke School in Adelaide, received an AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama and was also nominated for the same award.
"I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X" is a novel authored by Bruce Coville and published by Aladdin Paperbacks in the United States on an unspecified day in 1994.
"Horses' Collars" is a comedy short film directed by Clyde Bruckman and released on January 1, 1935. The film features Fred Kelsey and Dorothy Kent in its cast.
"The Devil and His Boy" is a novel written by Anthony Horowitz and published on January 1, 1998. It is a literary work originally written in English in the United States.
"New Chautauqua" is a folk jazz album released on ECM Records in 1979. It was performed by Pat Metheny and produced by Manfred Eicher.
Great Western 90 is a preserved tender locomotive that was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works. It operated for both the Great Western Railway of Colorado and the Strasburg Rail Road in the United States.
The 2010 China Masters Super Series was an open championship badminton tournament held in China, taking place from September 19, 2010. This event was part of the China Masters series.
Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University, founded in 1886, is a university located in the Petrogradsky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Its headquarters are also situated in Saint Petersburg.
Oruro Royal is a Bolivian association football club founded on January 1, 1896, with its headquarters in Oruro, Bolivia. The club plays in the Liga Nacional B league.
North Dakota Highway 13 is a road maintained and owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation, located in North Dakota, United States, and it is part of the numbered highways system in North Dakota.
Alice's Wonderland is a short film produced and written by Walt Disney, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, and produced by the Laugh-O-Gram Studio in the United States. It is part of the Alice Comedies series.
Ab DeMarco Jr., a human, is an ice hockey player who specializes as a defenceman. He has been a member of both the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League.
Agi Station, which opened officially on May 24, 1933, is a train station located in Nakatsugawa, Gifu, Japan, and it is part of the Akechi Line.
"Sammilana" is a 1994 film directed, written by, and starring H.R. Bhargava, with Shashi Kumar as a cast member. The film's music was composed by Hamsalekha.
The 2009 ECM Prague Open was a tennis tournament edition that was part of the WTA International tournaments, held in Prague, Czech Republic, during 2009. It was an instance of the WTA Prague Open.
Ben Kelso, a male citizen of the United States born on April 11, 1949, in Flint, Michigan, has had a career as both a basketball player and a coach.
The film "John Carter" was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. It features Daryl Sabara and Lynn Collins in the cast, with producers Jim Morris and Lindsey Collins.
"Don't Go Out" is a country music single performed by Tanya Tucker and was released as part of her album "Tennessee Woman" on Capitol Records Nashville on June 23, 1990.
Fallout Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing video game developed by Masthead Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment. It was developed in the United States and is available on Microsoft Windows.
Kifuta Kiala, a male football player born on January 8, 1988, in Kinshasa, is a citizen of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and plays association football as his profession.
Paulo Lino, born on July 21, 1971, in Mirandela, is a football player who specializes as a defender for S.C. Braga.
Ruslan Rzayev, a male football player born on 24 January 1998 in Bataysk, Russia, plays association football and is a citizen of Russia.
Fuminori Komatsu, a male citizen of Japan born on July 23, 1978, in Tokyo, is an actor and voice actor in Japan.
Richard W. Bailey, whose full name is Richard Bailey, is a male who was educated at both the University of Edinburgh and the University of Connecticut, and he works at the University of Michigan.
Worcester Sixth Form College, established in 1983, is an academy school located in Worcester, Worcestershire, in the United Kingdom.
Bobby Kennedy, born on 23 June 1937 in Motherwell, United Kingdom, is a male who has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
Chris Willmott, a male football player from Bedford, was born on September 30, 1977, and is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He plays association football as his sport.
Amy Satterthwaite, born on October 7, 1986, in Christchurch, New Zealand, is a female cricketer who holds citizenship of New Zealand.
Erik Haula, a male ice hockey player born on March 23, 1991, in Pori, Finland, is a citizen of Finland and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Jacob Bagersted, a male handball player born on 25 March 1987 in Copenhagen, Denmark, is a citizen of Denmark and a member of the sports team SC Magdeburg.
Pedrie Wannenburg, a male rugby union player born on January 2, 1981, in Mbombela, South Africa, is a citizen of South Africa and plays the sport of rugby union.
The 2001 WNBA season was a women's basketball competition organized by the Women's National Basketball Association and held in the United States. It was an instance of a sports season that took place during the year 2001.
"The First Cut Is the Deepest" is a Canadian hip-hop album performed by Michie Mee, produced by Jon Levine, and released under Entertainment One Music on an unspecified day in 2000.
Epik High, a hip hop and K-pop boy band, was formed in Seoul and officially inaugurated on January 1, 2001. They are signed with Woollim Entertainment.
Anjana Sultana, a female actor from Bangladesh, was born on January 1, 1965, in Dhaka. She has received the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actress.
"The Casebook of Solar Pons," a book of detective fiction published in the United States by Mycroft & Moran in 1965, was authored by August Derleth.
"Strangers of the Evening" is a mystery film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Tiffany Thayer. It was published on January 1, 1932, and features ZaSu Pitts in the cast.
"String Beans" is a comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and released in 1918. The film features Charles Ray and Jane Novak in its cast.
Putnam Magazine, a magazine published in the United States, was started by Gannett on March 1, 2005.
"Our Mutual Friend," a novel written by Charles Dickens, was published by Chapman & Hall in 1864, marking both its inception and publication date.
Rathangan GAA, a sports club founded in 1889, is located in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland, where it also has its headquarters. The club is dedicated to Gaelic football.
Murad Hüseynov, born on 25 January 1989 in Makhachkala, is a male Azerbaijani football player who plays association football as his occupation.
John Windows, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on 6 May 1976 in Newcastle upon Tyne, is a cricketer who plays cricket as his occupation.
Devi Shetty, born on May 8, 1953, in Mangalore, India, is a male surgeon who was educated at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education.
The 2007-08 Japan Figure Skating Championships, organized by the Japan Skating Federation and held on December 26, 2007, at the Towa Pharmaceutical Ractab Dome in Japan, was a figure skating competition.
"The Sky Ranger," a silent film released on January 1, 1921, was directed by George B. Seitz, who also appeared as a cast member. Spencer Gordon Bennet was another cast member in this film.
Louisiana Highway 76, which was established in 1955, is a road located in Louisiana, United States. It is owned and maintained by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development.
Wazimbo is a male singer born on November 11, 1948, in Chibuto, Mozambique.
Pascal Ohsé is a male jazz musician from France, signed with Warner Bros. Records. He is an instance of a human, and his given name is Pascal.
James Bailey, a male darts player from Melbourne, was born on October 22, 1969, and is a citizen of Australia. He plays the sport of darts as his occupation.
The Lao Football Federation, which was established in 1951, is a football association that is involved in association football. It is a member of both the ASEAN Football Federation and FIFA, with the ASEAN Football Federation serving as its parent organization.
Alexandra Maksimova, a female ice dancer from Belarus, was born on June 19, 1989, and competes in figure skating for her home country.
Cessna Stadium is a stadium owned, operated, and occupied by Wichita State University, and it is located in Kansas, United States.
Kevin Long, whose full name is Kevin Long, is a baseball player from the United States who played for the New York Mets. He was educated at the University of Arizona.
Dave Graveline, born on March 5, 1954, in Miami, is a male radio personality who holds citizenship in the United States.
Larry Jeffrey, a male ice hockey player born on October 12, 1940, in Goderich, Ontario, is a Canadian citizen who plays ice hockey.
Amit Rana, born on December 14, 1995, is a male citizen of India who works as a cricketer and plays the sport of cricket.
"The Power Station" is a rock music album released by EMI Records on January 1, 1985. It was performed by the band The Power Station and produced by Bernard Edwards.
"Do Your Thing" is a rhythm and blues song performed by Charles Wright & the Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band and published by Warner Bros. Records in 1968. It is part of their album "Together."
"Vesper," a literary work authored by Jeff Sampson and published on January 25, 2011, is a paranormal mystery fiction novel originating from the United States.
"Pontypool Changes Everything" is a Canadian novel written in English by Tony Burgess and was published in 1995.
"The Pirate of Panama" is a silent film directed by Ray Taylor and released on January 1, 1929. The film features Jay Wilsey and Natalie Kingston in its cast.
"Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows" is a science fiction novel authored by Kathryn M. Drennan and published on July 1, 1997, by Del Rey Books in the United States.
"Leave It to Me," a comedy film directed by George King and starring Robin Irvine, was released on October 1, 1930, in the United Kingdom.
Sergei Tyumentsev, a male citizen of Russia born on August 9, 1976, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of FC Dynamo Omsk.
Jamie Flitner, a female politician born on July 10, 1964, in Buffalo, Wyoming, is a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives and belongs to the Republican Party.
Herd & McKenzie Shipbuilders, a shipbuilding business headquartered in Buckie and located in the administrative territorial entity of Moray, United Kingdom, was founded in 1903.
Samu Markkula, a male ice hockey player born on February 27, 1994, in Jyväskylä, is a Finnish citizen who plays the sport of ice hockey.
"Kangaroo Jack" was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer Films and Castle Rock Entertainment, with Jerry Bruckheimer as a producer. The film was distributed by both Malofilm and Warner Bros., and features Bill Hunter as a cast member.
The Buenos Aires International Book Fair is an annual fair that was founded by Fundación El Libro and first held in 1975. It takes place in Argentina and is located in Buenos Aires.
"The Barrier," a drama film produced in 1917, was directed by Edgar Lewis and produced by Rex Beach. It featured Mabel Julienne Scott in the cast.
Rossella Gregorio, born on August 30, 1990, in Salerno, Italy, is a female fencer who holds Italian citizenship.
John Hick is a male paramedic from the United Kingdom who was educated at both Oriel College, Oxford, and the University of Edinburgh, and he works at Claremont Graduate University.
Jarmo Viinanen, a male citizen of Finland born on February 23, 1959, in Imatra, is a diplomat who was educated at the University of Turku.
"The Fabulous Voyage of the Angel" is a Canadian comedy film directed by Jean Pierre Lefebvre, originally published on an unspecified day in 1991. The film is in French.
"Little Rose" is a Polish film distributed by Monolith Films, with its country of origin being Poland. The film features actors Kazimierz Mazur, Janusz Chabior, and Aleksander Bednarz in its cast.
"A Moving Picture" is a hip hop music album by the rapper Devlin, published on Island Records in 2013. Ant Whiting produced the album.
"Sayonara Jupiter," a science fiction novel written in Japanese by Sakyo Komatsu, is part of a literary dylogy and was published in Japan in 1982.
Henrik Sass Larsen, a male politician born on 29 May 1966 in Virum, Denmark, received the Ting Prize.
Saskatchewan Highway 749 is a road in Canada, located in the province of Saskatchewan, and is part of the Saskatchewan road system. It is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure of Saskatchewan.
La Pie qui Chante, founded in 1921, is a trademark and organization headquartered in Lille, owned by Mondelez International, with Cadbury France as its parent organization.
"The Humbling" is a novel written by Philip Roth and published in 2009 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the United States.
Helena Suková, a tennis player from the Czech Republic, resides in Monte Carlo and has participated in various tournaments, including women's doubles at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She was a member of both the Czechoslovakia Federation Cup team and the Czech Republic Fed Cup team.
Josephine Byrnes, a female actor born on December 28, 1966, in Connecticut, is a citizen of the United States and works in both film and theater.
Blackboard Jungle, distributed and produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer with additional production oversight by Pandro S. Berman, features cast members including Sidney Poitier and Margaret Hayes.
"Lover of Life, Singer of Songs" is a rock music remix album published on September 4, 2006, under the EMI label. It features performances by KEIN BECIL and Freddie Mercury.
Yasuko Tamada, a female mixed martial artist born on 30 June 1967 in Shinagawa, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and competes in the sport of mixed martial arts.
"Loot," a 2012 film directed, written by, and starring Nischal Basnet, with Saugat Malla as a cast member and Roshan Thapa as the composer, was published on January 13, 2012.
"The Company" is a miniseries that aired in 2007, directed by Mikael Salomon and based on Robert Littell's work. The series features Chris O'Donnell in the cast and was composed by Jeff Beal.
Thomas Woods, born on 30 January 1890 in Wales, is a male citizen of Wales who had a career as both a rugby union player and a rugby league player.
Masumi Tazawa, a Japanese citizen born on November 22, 1993, in Kanagawa Prefecture, is a female voice actor in Japan.
China Daily is an English-language daily newspaper owned by the Communist Party of China, which was founded on June 1, 1981, and has its headquarters in Beijing, China.
"The Forests of Silence," an adventure novel and fantasy literature written work by Jennifer Rowe, was published in Australia in the year 2000.
Carl Landry, a male basketball player born on September 19, 1983, in Milwaukee, United States, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of basketball.
Yukari Sato, a female citizen of Japan born on 19 August 1961 in Setagaya, is an economist and politician.
"Southland," a novel written by Nina Revoyr, was published in the United States on an unspecified date in 2003. This literary work falls under the genre of a novel and is set in Los Angeles.
Jon Morgan, born on 10 July 1970 in Cardiff, is a football player who specializes as a midfielder for Cardiff City F.C., playing association football as his sport.
The Catherine Palace in Moscow, designed by architect Giacomo Quarenghi, is a cultural heritage site located in the administrative territorial entity of Moscow, Russia. It is recognized as both a palace and a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The Office of National Assessments is an intelligence agency headquartered in Canberra, Australia. Established on 19 October 1977, it operates under the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
The Wills Creek Bollman Bridge is a railway bridge and truss bridge located in Meyersdale, Summit Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Stephan Retzer, born on October 11, 1976, in Deggendorf, Germany, is a male ice hockey player who plays the sport professionally.
"Fisher Boy with Basket" is a portrait painting created by Frans Hals using oil paint. It was completed on January 1, 1630, and is currently owned by John W. Wilson.
Nadeene Latif, a female weightlifter from Australia born on 20 May 1978, participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games as an Olympic weightlifter.
Dady, a male football player born on August 13, 1981, in Lisbon, is a Portuguese citizen who plays association football.
Lameck Onyango, a male Kenyan cricketer born on September 22, 1973, in Nairobi, is a citizen of Kenya and plays the sport of cricket.
"A Private Venus" is an Italian novel authored by Giorgio Scerbanenco and published in 1966. Set in Milan, this written work belongs to the genre of fiction.
Ingjerd Schou, a female politician born on January 20, 1955, in Sarpsborg, Norway, is a citizen of Norway and received her education at the University of Oslo.
Kamen Rider Battle: Ganbaride is a video game published on October 15, 2008, in Japan. It is an arcade game developed for the arcade platform by Bandai.
"Duck for President" is a picture book written by Doreen Cronin and published in the United States by Simon & Schuster on an unspecified day in 2004.
"The Kids Are Alright" is a television comedy and sitcom from the United States, originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company. It was authored by Tim Doyle and composed by Goldspot.
Elisa Dalla Valle, born on January 16, 1998, is a female Italian sport cyclist who specializes in cycle sport.
California State Route 237, maintained and owned by the California Department of Transportation, is a road located in Santa Clara County, California, United States. It was established on June 30, 1964.
"Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun," a strategy video game developed in Japan, was published on Microsoft Windows on January 28, 1994, with music composed by Akihiko Mori.
Philippe Gimbert, a male citizen of France born on 20 March 1966 in Firminy, is a rugby union player.
The CLP Group, a public joint-stock company established on January 1, 1901, operates in the public utility industry with its headquarters in Hong Kong. It owns EnergyAustralia as one of its subsidiaries.
"Fall for Your Type" is a downtempo single performed by Jamie Foxx and released under J Records on January 1, 2010. It is part of the album "Best Night of My Life."
Lafayette Pitts, born on September 24, 1992, in Duquesne, Pennsylvania, is an American football player who specializes as a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Neal Tapio, a male citizen of the United States born on an unspecified day in 2000 in Watertown, South Dakota, is a businessperson who was educated at Minnesota State University Moorhead.
Recovery Road is a drama television series originally produced in the United States for the Freeform network, distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television, and presented in the English language.
Pierre Bourquenoud, a male citizen of Switzerland born on 21 November 1969 in Vaulruz, is a professional road bicycle racing cyclist.
Metro Panteones is a metro station in Mexico City, which is part of the Mexico City Metro system. It was officially opened in 1984 and is located in the administrative entity of Mexico City, Mexico.
The 2017 Belarusian Premier League was a season of association football organized by the Football Federation of Belarus and held in Belarus during 2017.
Tikamporn Changkeaw, a female volleyball player from Thailand, was born on December 12, 1984, in Suphan Buri.
Aris Nukic, born on December 21, 1993, in Tübingen, is a professional football player who specializes as a forward. He is a member of the sports team FK Olimpik and plays association football.
"You Must Be the Husband" is a British sitcom that premiered on September 8, 1987. The television series, directed by Richard Boden, stars Diane Keen as part of its cast.
Paul Geis, a male long-distance runner born on February 23, 1953, in Houston, is a citizen of the United States and competes in the sport of athletics.
Netherwood station is a train station located in Plainfield, New Jersey, United States. It officially opened in 1874 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The station is connected to the Raritan Valley Line.
Jiang Na, a female ice hockey player born on October 18, 1988, in Harbin, China, participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Willie Wragg, whose given name is Willie, was a winger who played association football for several teams including Accrington Stanley F.C. in 1891, Chesterfield F.C., and Birmingham City F.C.
Essenrode Manor, a Baroque-style manor house located in Essenrode, Germany, was built in 1738 by the Bülow family.
Alok Agarwal, born on 25 August 1967 in Lucknow, is a male Indian politician with the given name Alok.
"The Night I Fell in Love" is a Contemporary R&B album performed by Luther Vandross, produced by Marcus Miller, and published on Epic Records in 1985.
Ana Maria Rangel, born on 21 May 1957 in Rio de Janeiro, is a female Brazilian politician with the given name Ana.
"Goin' Home" is a rock music song performed by The Rolling Stones and published in their album "Aftermath" on April 15, 1966. The song was produced by Andrew Loog Oldham.
"Sweet & Lowdown" is a folk music album released on Justin Time Records in 2001, performed by Dave Van Ronk. It follows his live album "Live at Sir George Williams University."
Dessislava Mladenova, a female tennis player from Sofia, Bulgaria, was born on June 21, 1988, and her sport is tennis.
Katha is a comedy film released in 1983, directed by Sai Paranjpye and starring Farooq Sheikh and Naseeruddin Shah.
Ejovi Nuwere is a male human born on January 1, 1980, in Brooklyn, United States. He is a businessperson by occupation.
"Moonlight Mile" is a drama film directed by Brad Silberling, featuring a score composed by Mark Isham and starring Tom Dahlgren, Dabney Coleman, and Mary Catherine Garrison.
Andris Liepa, born on January 6, 1962, in Moscow, was a citizen of the Soviet Union and had a diverse career as a ballet dancer, theatre director, and producer.
Abdul Mteketa, born on January 1, 1951, in Tanganyika (now part of Tanzania), is a male politician and a member of the National Assembly of Tanzania, holding citizenship of Tanzania.
Andrea D'Errico, born on 24 March 1992 in Milan, is a professional football player who specializes as a forward. He plays for A.C. Monza.
Rebeldes is a Brazilian band that was formed in 2011 and records with EMI. They perform popular music and are based in Brazil.
"Koch Brothers Exposed" is a documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald and produced by Jim Miller. It features Bernie Sanders as a cast member and was published on January 1, 2012.
Azwan Aripin, born on 21 April 1996 in Kelantan, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of the Kelantan FA team.
Ove Pedersen, a male citizen of Denmark born on 30 August 1954 in Denmark, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"Games People Play" is a hard rock album by the band Pink Cream 69, produced by Dirk Steffens and released on Epic Records in 1993.
Evandro da Silva, born on January 14, 1997, in Messias, Alagoas, is a male Brazilian football player who plays association football as his profession.
Ronald Kasper, a male citizen of New Zealand born on 22 March 1946 in Auckland, is a cricketer who plays cricket as his occupation.
Beachmont station is a metro station located in Revere, Massachusetts, United States. It officially opened on January 19, 1954, and is part of the Blue Line of the MBTA, with its adjacent station being Suffolk Downs station.
The Egongyan Bridge, a road bridge located in Chongqing, China, officially opened in the year 2000. It is situated upstream of the Egongyan Rail Transit Bridge and downstream of the Caiyuanba Bridge.
Jennifer Martínez, a female lawyer born on November 5, 1971, in San Francisco, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Harvard Law School.
Manuel Francisco Barreto, born on September 12, 1982, in Lima, Peru, is a male citizen of Peru who has had careers as both a football player and a manager in association football.
Akihito Ozawa, a male football player from Saitama Prefecture, was born on August 10, 1992, and is a citizen of Japan. He plays association football as his profession.
David Dontoh, born in Cape Coast, Ghana, in 1964, is a male actor with Ghanaian citizenship.
"The Best of Larry Niven" is a science fiction book authored by Larry Niven, published in the United States on an unspecified day in 2010. It is written in the English language.
Vladimir Kush, born on January 1, 1965, in Moscow, is a Russian citizen who works as both a sculptor and a painter.
Cecilia Norrbom, born on January 28, 1988, is a Swedish female citizen.
Jonathan Steele, a human, is known for his surname Steele and given name Jonathan. He has been awarded both the James Cameron Memorial Trust Award and the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism, and he was educated at Yale University.
"Badai Pasti Berlalu," a romance novel authored by Marga T and published by the Kompas Gramedia Group, is an Indonesian written work that was first published in 1974.
"The Pilgrim's Regress" is a novel and a piece of fantasy literature written by C.S. Lewis, published in the United Kingdom on an unspecified day in 1933.
Kurt Baschwitz is employed at the University of Amsterdam, where he holds a doctorate and speaks, writes, or signs the German language. This information is described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
Chenoa is an album performed by Chenoa and produced by Brian Rawling, which was released on Jive Records in Spain in February 2002.
New Jersey Route 163, a road located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1953 and is owned and maintained by the New Jersey Department of Transportation.
Myrna Dey is a Canadian female novelist who was born in Calgary. Her full name is Myrna Dey.
Mike Kosman, whose full name is Mike with the family name Kosman, played baseball as a second baseman for both the Cincinnati Reds and the Mobile Bears.
Mike Sutherland, a male Canadian citizen born on June 25, 1971, in Ottawa, is a Canadian football player who has been a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Pat Davis is a female musician born in Fort Worth, Texas. Her full name is Pat Davis, and she is an instance of a human.
"Medicine for Melancholy" is a drama film directed and written by Barry Jenkins, who is also known as a musician. It was published on March 7, 2008, and is an American production.
Daniel W. Bell is a male citizen of the United States who is a member of the Democratic Party and has the family name Bell.
Kim Young-mu is a male football player born on September 3, 1984, in South Korea. He is a citizen of South Korea and plays association football as his sport.
Jamarro Diks, a male football player born on April 26, 1995, in the Netherlands, is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and plays association football as his sport.
Larissa Muldoon, a female rugby union player born on 11 March 1991 in Donegal, is a citizen of the Republic of Ireland and a member of the Ireland women's national rugby union team.
Angelina Simakova, a female artistic gymnast born on August 26, 2002, in Russia, is a citizen of Russia and competes in the sport of artistic gymnastics.
Dave Burgess, a male football player born on 20 January 1960 in Liverpool, United Kingdom, played association football as his occupation.
Sebastian Coe, born on 29 September 1956 in London, is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He has had diverse occupations, including being an athletics competitor, an autobiographer, and a politician.
"Hoodman Blind" is a drama film directed by John Ford and released on December 20, 1923. The cast includes Frank Campeau and Gladys Hulette.
Juli Feigon, a female biophysicist, works at the University of California, Los Angeles, where she has received the Presidential Young Investigator Award and been recognized as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She is also a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Scar the Martyr is a heavy metal band from the United States that was formed in 2013 and is signed with Roadrunner Records. They originated in the United States and are categorized as a rock and pop band instance.
Jay Graham, whose full name is Jay Graham, played as a running back for both the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Ravens after being educated at Concord High School in North Carolina.
Melbourne Municipal Airport, located in Melbourne, Arkansas, United States, is an airport that serves the transportation needs of Melbourne, Arkansas. It was established on January 1, 1994, and is named after the city of Melbourne.
Rayne Storm, born on December 7, 1983, in Harlem, is a male citizen of the United States who works as both a rapper and a producer.
George Hewitt, born on an unspecified day in 1878 in Burslem, was an association football player who played as an inside forward for Luton Town F.C.
Lateef the Truthspeaker, a male rapper born on September 28, 1974, in Oakland, California, is a citizen of the United States.
Igor Vamos, a male multimedia artist born on April 15, 1968, in the United States, is a citizen of the United States and received his education at Reed College. He was also awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Al-Taraji Club is an association football club based in Saudi Arabia, founded in 1981. The club plays in the Saudi Second Division and its home venue is the Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Stadium.
"The Wedding Bells" is a television production composed by Danny Lux, distributed by 20th Television, and executive-produced by David E. Kelley. The cast includes Michael Landes, Teri Polo, and Sarah Jones.
Leif Engqvist, a male football player born on 30 July 1962 in Dalby, Lund Municipality, Sweden, participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
"Nancy Boy" is a single by the band Placebo, released on January 20, 1997, under United Artists Records. It is part of their album and falls under the alternative rock genre.
"Millions in the Air" is a comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Sig Herzig, published in 1935. The film stars John Howard, an American actor, among its cast members.
Kaia Kanepi, whose given name is Kaia, resides in Tallinn and competes in tennis for Estonia. She is a member of the Estonia Fed Cup team and participated in tennis at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
"Monsieur Hire" is a drama film directed by Patrice Leconte and written by Patrick Dewolf, published on September 28, 1989. The film features Luc Thuillier and Philippe Dormoy in its cast.
Julie Brougham, a female equestrian born on 20 May 1954 in Palmerston North, New Zealand, participated in the equestrian events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
"Husbands and Wives" is a drama film directed by Woody Allen, featuring music composed by Gustav Mahler. The cast includes Jerry Zaks, Bruce Jay Friedman, and Cristi Conaway.
Hannah Tyler Wilcox, a female physician born on August 31, 1838, in Boonville, New York, is a citizen of the United States.
The Youngstown Bears was a basketball team based in the United States that played in the National Basketball League. The team was founded in 1945 and dissolved in 1947.
"The Phantom of the Big Tent" is a drama film produced by Friedrich Wilhelm Gaik and directed by Georg Krause as the director of photography. The film, originally in the German language and produced in Germany, was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Omayya SC is an association football club based in Syria that was founded in 1944. The club plays in the Syrian Premier League and their home venue is the Idlib Municipal Stadium.
John Cenci, born on January 4, 1934, in Pittsburgh, was an American football player who played as a center for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Kent Hulst, a male ice hockey player born on April 8, 1968, in St. Thomas, Ontario, is a Canadian citizen who plays ice hockey.
Aloha Tower, an observation tower and lighthouse located in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States, was inaugurated in 1926 and provided service until 1975.
Fabien Lamirault, a male table tennis player from Longjumeau, was born on March 17, 1980, and is a citizen of France.
Prince Edward Island National Park, established in 1937, is a national park in Canada operated by Parks Canada. It is located in both Kings County and Queens County on Prince Edward Island.
Harry Green, a male football player born in Sheffield, United Kingdom in 1908, played association football as his occupation.
Diena is a Latvian newspaper that was founded on November 23, 1990, and is published in the Latvian language. Its headquarters are located in Riga, Latvia.
"Such Pleasure," a novel authored by Martin Boyd and published on an unspecified day in 1949 by Cresset Press, is a literary work that follows his previous novel "Lucinda Brayford."
Tuula Teeri, a female biologist born on 20 June 1957 in Espoo, Finland, is a citizen of Finland and works at KTH Royal Institute of Technology.
"Tango Argentino" is a documentary film directed by Simón Feldman and published in 1969. The film is from Argentina and was originally made in the Spanish language.
Forest Park High School, located in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, is a state school that falls under the Baltimore City Public Schools district. Established in 1924, it serves as a high school in the North American educational system.
Tendai Mtawarira, a male rugby union player born on August 1, 1985, in Harare, is a citizen of Zimbabwe and plays the sport of rugby union.
Simon Madden, a male football player from Dublin, was born on May 1, 1988, and is a citizen of the Republic of Ireland. He plays association football as his occupation.
The RMS Medina (1911) is a ship built by Caird & Company for the P&O company, which owns and operates it. The ship is registered in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and has its home port in London.
Aimé Jacquet, whose full name is Étienne Jacquet, played association football as a midfielder for the sports team Olympique Lyonnais.
Dhushantha Ranatunga, a male citizen of Sri Lanka born on November 8, 1991, in Negombo, is a cricketer who plays the sport of cricket.
Owen Hale, a male musician born on July 15, 1948, in Louisville, Kentucky, is a citizen of the United States.
"The New Frontier" is a Western film directed by Carl Pierson and released on January 1, 1935. The film stars Sam Flint and Glenn Strange.
Michael Turner, a male business executive born on August 5, 1948, in the United Kingdom, is a citizen of the UK and was educated at Manchester Metropolitan University. He worked for British Aerospace.
The Groupama Arena is a soccer-specific stadium located in Budapest, Hungary, and is owned by Ferencvárosi TC. The arena is operated by the Lagardère Group and serves as the home ground for Ferencvárosi TC.
Nikhil Haldipur, born on December 19, 1977, is a male citizen of India who is a professional cricketer.
Hanif Hamir, born on February 22, 1997, in Brunei, is a professional football player who specializes as a defender for DPMM FC, playing association football.
Bukovinka is a municipality and cadastral area located in the Blansko District of the Czech Republic, which is part of the historical region of Moravia. It shares a border with Jedovnice.
Ben Batger, a male rugby union player born on 20 March 1984 in Sydney, is a New Zealand citizen and a member of the New South Wales Waratahs sports team.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a professional association football club based in Hiroshima, Japan, which was founded in 1992. The club is owned by Mazda and is headquartered in Hiroshima.
Andre Payette, born on July 29, 1976, in Cornwall, Ontario, is a male Canadian ice hockey player.
Luke Hemmerich, a male football player born on February 9, 1998, in Essen, Germany, is a German citizen who plays association football as his profession.
Miloslav Kejval, a male citizen of the Czech Republic born on July 11, 1973, is a professional sport cyclist involved in cycle sport.
Rose Boyko, a Canadian female born in 1950, is a lawyer and a judge.
Kim Won-gun, born on May 1, 1992, in Jeju Island, is a professional football player who specializes as a centre back for FC Seoul.
Pine County, Minnesota, which became a county on March 1, 1856, is part of the United States and is located within the state of Minnesota. Its capital is Pine City, Minnesota, and it shares a border with Polk County, Wisconsin.
Sander Boschker, a male football player born on October 20, 1970, in Lichtenvoorde, Kingdom of the Netherlands, participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Yogyakarta railway station, located in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, was established on July 20, 1887, and officially opened in 1887. Owned by the Indonesian Railway Company, it is an instance of a train station.
"Love on Ice" is a film directed by Kurt Meisel, written by Johannes Kai, and composed by Friedrich Meyer. It was released in 1950 and features Sepp Nigg as a cast member.
Andy Craven is a member of the Tacoma Defiance sports team, with his tenure starting at a certain start time and ending at a specific end time. He was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
Emily van Egmond, a female football player born on July 12, 1993, in Newcastle, New South Wales, is an Australian citizen who participated in the football competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Yves Pierracci, a male citizen of France born on July 26, 1916, in Salindres, was a sport cyclist who participated in the Tour de France.
Giles County, Virginia, which became a county in 1806, is part of the United States and shares a border with Mercer County, West Virginia. Its administrative center is Pearisburg, Virginia.
Andreas Hollingen, born on October 3, 1994 (or possibly October 2, 1994), in Molde, Norway, is a male football player and holds Norwegian citizenship.
DJ-Kicks: Thievery Corporation is a DJ mix produced by Thievery Corporation and released under the Studio ! K7 label on January 1, 1999. It falls under the lounge music genre.
"The Two Captains" is a novel written in Russian by Veniamin Kaverin and published in the Soviet Union in 1940.
"Spaceship to Saturn," a science fiction novel authored by Hugh Walters and published by Faber and Faber, was released in the United Kingdom in 1967.
David Haas, whose full name is David Haas, is an ice hockey player who has played as a winger for teams including the Calgary Flames and the Edmonton Oilers.
Coco Mbassi, born on February 28, 1969, in Cameroon, is a female singer who holds citizenship of Cameroon. Her given name is Coco.
Stu Mills, whose full name is Mills, is a male New Zealand citizen born on June 22, 1982. He is a cricketer who plays cricket as his profession.
"The Victory of Faith" is a German-language film distributed by UFA GmbH, produced by Leni Riefenstahl under the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda. The film features cast members Julius Streicher and Franz Ritter von Epp.
Ana Binet, a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, was born on February 9, 1992, in Sánchez, Dominican Republic.
Valentin Antov, a male football player born on November 9, 2000, in Sofia, Bulgaria, is a Bulgarian citizen who plays association football.
Frank Henkel, a male politician born on November 16, 1963, in Berlin, is a citizen of both Germany and East Germany.
"Visions," a popular science book authored by Michio Kaku and primarily about physics, was published in the United States in 1998.
Moin Ashraf, a male cricketer born on January 5, 1992, in Bradford, United Kingdom, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays cricket as his occupation.
Todd Clarke, a male Australian citizen born on 28 April 1951, is a football player who played association football and was a member of White City FC.
Chuck Corgan, a male citizen of the United States, played American football for the New York Giants.
"The Spanish Gardener" is a novel authored by A.J. Cronin and published on an unspecified day in 1950 by Little, Brown and Company. It is a written work originating from the United Kingdom.
Thomas Mann was a male short story writer who was a member of the German Democratic Party. He was educated at both the Technical University of Munich and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, and he worked for the publication Simplicissimus.
Kevin Newman is a male baseball player born on August 4, 1993, in Poway, California. He plays for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Miss Virginia USA is a female beauty pageant that began in 1952 and operates in Virginia, with its headquarters located in Richmond, Virginia, within the United States.
Sanjiv Bhatt, a male police officer born on December 21, 1963, in Mumbai, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay.
Qiu Yike is a male Chinese table tennis player, born on January 18, 1985.
The Yokohama Rubber Company, founded on January 1, 1917, is a Japanese enterprise headquartered in Tokyo and legally structured as a Kabushiki gaisha (a type of joint-stock company).
Johnny Acosta, a male football player born on July 21, 1983, in Quesada, San Carlos, Costa Rica, participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Peter Townend, a male surfer born on 30 May 1953 in Coolangatta, Australia, is a citizen of Australia and has surfing as his sport and occupation.
Sam Palumbo, a male American citizen born on June 7, 1932, was an American football player who played for the Cleveland Browns.
Phoenix City Hall, a city hall and skyscraper located in Phoenix, Arizona, United States, was built in 1994 and is owned by the city of Phoenix.
Middlesex Community College, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a public educational institution that was established in 1970. It is categorized under the community college type and falls under the main category of "Category:Middlesex Community College (Massachusetts)."
Marc Crawford, a human and a member of the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League, received the Jack Adams Award.
Kenneth Chipolina, born on December 30, 1995, in Gibraltar, is an association football player who plays for the sports team Lynx F.C. Note that there seems to be an inconsistency regarding his date of birth, with another entry stating April 8, 1994.
Captain Lash is a silent film directed by John G. Blystone and produced by William Fox, which was released on January 1, 1929. The film features Victor McLaglen as a cast member.
Abdul Diallo, born on December 23, 1985, in Ouagadougou, is a male football player from Burkina Faso who plays association football as his occupation.
"Dream Demon" is a film composed by Bill Nelson that was released on two different dates: January 1, 1988, and October 6, 1988. The film features cast members Jemma Redgrave and Mark Greenstreet.
Ignat Zemchenko, a male ice hockey player born on April 24, 1992, in Kiev, is a citizen of Russia and plays the sport of ice hockey.
"The Game" is a book about ice hockey written by Ken Dryden and published on September 1, 2003, by Wiley in Canada.
Emad Moteab, a male football player born on February 20, 1983, in Sharqia Governorate, Egypt, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Niuvalu Fifita, a male football player born on May 23, 1990, plays as a midfielder for the Tonga national football team.
Symbolics, a business founded by Russell Noftsker on January 1, 1979, was formed in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and has its headquarters in Concord, Massachusetts, United States.
Jon Merrill, whose surname is Merrill, is a defenceman who played for the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team and was drafted by the New Jersey Devils. He is a member of the National Hockey League.
Walter Waalderbos is a male football player from the Netherlands, born on July 21, 1951, who plays association football and holds citizenship in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Joris Harteveld, a male citizen of Namibia born on July 2, 1968, in Gobabis, is a sport cyclist who competes in cycle sport.
James Situma, a male football player born on November 11, 1984, in Kenya, plays association football and holds Kenyan citizenship.
Johnny Gaudreau, whose full name is John Gaudreau, is a professional hockey player who plays for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League and has received the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy.
"The Caterpillar Wish" is an Australian film distributed by Palace Cinemas in Australia, with its narrative set in South Australia. The film features Victoria Thaine in the cast, was shot by director of photography Greig Fraser, and edited by Jason Ballantine.
Vitaliy Sobko, a male football player born on 27 July 1987 in Kharkiv, is a citizen of Ukraine and plays association football as his profession.
"Plausible Worlds," written by Geoffrey Hawthorn and published in the United Kingdom in 1991, is a book that explores the subject of counterfactual history in the English language.
Disgaea Infinite is a visual novel video game for the PlayStation Portable, published on November 1, 2009. It originates from Japan and was composed by Tenpei Sato.
"Sword of Honour" is an Australian Vietnam War-themed miniseries that originally aired on the Seven Network on October 20, 1986. The series stars Tracy Mann among its cast members.
Barlow / Max Bell station is a train station located on the surface in Alberta, Canada. It was inaugurated and officially opened in 1985.
Doug Flynn, whose full name is Doug Flynn, played as a shortstop and was a member of both the New York Mets and the Detroit Tigers. He attended Bryan Station High School.
Patrick Hall, whose given name is Martin, is a human who plays cricket and has been a member of both Hampshire County Cricket Club and Oxford University Cricket Club.
Raimundas Palaitis, a male politician born on October 23, 1957, in Palanga, Lithuania, is a citizen of Lithuania and received his education at Vilnius University.
Lunde Station is a train station located in Nome, Norway, and was officially opened on January 1, 1925. Owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration, it has been in operation since its inception in 1925.
Corey Lemonier is a human who was educated at Auburn University and plays as a linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers. He is also a former member of the Auburn Tigers sports team and represents the United States in his sport.
Orient News is a news agency founded by Ghassan Aboud in 2008 and headquartered in Dubai. It operates in the mass media industry and is owned by Ghassan Aboud.
"Save the World, Lose the Girl" is a punk rock album by the band Midtown, produced by Mark Trombino and released on Drive-Thru Records in the year 2000.
"Live at Eindhoven" is a thrash metal live album performed by the band Testament, produced by Alex Perialas and released under Megaforce Records. The album originates from the United States.
The Sileru River is a river located in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, India, and it flows into the Sabari River. The Sileru River is situated in Asia.
Charles Dolan, a male businessperson born on October 16, 1926, in Cleveland, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at John Carroll University.
"Dough for the Do-Do" is an animated short film directed by Friz Freleng and written by Warren Foster. It was produced by Edward Selzer and features Mel Blanc as a cast member. The film was published in 1949.
The Beer Lovers Party, a political party in Russia, was founded on January 1, 1993, with its headquarters in Moscow, and was chaired by Konstantin Kalachyov. However, it was dissolved on January 1, 1998.
Leng Tch'e is a grindcore band from Ghent, Belgium, which was formed in 2001 and is signed to Relapse Records.
New York State Route 144, which was established in 1930, is a road located in New York state, United States. It is owned and maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation.
Daniel Mesotitsch, a male citizen of Austria, was born on May 22, 1976, in Villach and resides in Hochfilzen. He is a professional biathlete.
"Living Among Us" is a horror film from the United States, directed and written by Brian Metcalf, which was released on February 2, 2018.
David Hayman Jr., a male human born in Scotland in 1901, is a film director with the given name David.
Simon Chesterman, a male citizen of Australia born in 1973, is a teacher employed by New York University and was educated at Beijing International Studies University.
Eduarda Amorim, born on September 23, 1986, in Blumenau, is a female citizen of Brazil who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Daisuke Hirakawa, born on June 4, 1973, in Niigata City, Japan, is a multi-talented artist with careers as a singer, voice actor, and actor.
Shiori Sato, a female citizen of Japan born on July 27, 1990, in Ageo, Saitama, is a fashion model.
The Deadstring Brothers, an alternative country band formed in Detroit, United States, were founded in 2003 and are signed with Bloodshot Records.
Tony Daniel, a male born on January 1, 1901, in New York City, is known for his work as both a comics artist and a writer.
Alexandra Louis, born on September 17, 1983, in Grenoble, France, is a female citizen of France who works as both a lawyer and a politician.
Warren Holmes, whose surname is Holmes, played as a centre in the National Hockey League and was a member of the Los Angeles Kings, the team that also drafted him.
Wojciech Szala, whose full name is Wojciech Szala, is a football player who specializes as a defender for the sports team GKS Katowice.
Franco Fasano, born on 30 June 1961 in Albenga, Italy, is a multifaceted artist with occupations as a record producer, singer, and singer-songwriter.
The Isaac Davis House is a Renaissance Revival style house located in Massachusetts, United States. Designed by architect William R. Walker, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Love Uprising" is an album by the group Tavares, published on Capitol Records in 1980. The album falls under the genres of soul music and rhythm and blues.
MBAND, a pop-rap group formed in Moscow, Russia, was inaugurated on January 1, 2014, and is signed with Velvet Music.
Mark Ferreira, a male tennis player born on March 1, 1967, in Mumbai, is a citizen of India and plays tennis as his occupation.
The Hubbard Free Library, a public library located in the administrative territorial entity of Maine, United States, is part of the Hallowell Historic District and has been designated as a contributing property. It was designed by architect Alexander Currier.
Justin Harper, born on February 24, 1985, in Catawba, North Carolina, is a male American football player who holds citizenship in the United States.
Jan Mertzig, a human and defenceman, is a member of the New York Rangers in the National Hockey League. He was drafted by the New York Rangers.
Mark W. Spong, a male roboticist born on November 5, 1952, in Warren, Ohio, is a citizen of the United States and received his education at New Mexico State University.
Zach Auguste is a human who plays basketball as a power forward for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish in the United States, competing in men's basketball.
Hamilton Township, located in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, was established on April 11, 1842, and is named after Alexander Hamilton. It is an example of a New Jersey township and falls within the Hamilton Township School District.
"The Unsaid" is a film with a country of origin listed as both the United States and Canada, starring Linda Cardellini and Teri Polo, and it was distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. The film was also partially filmed in Saskatchewan.
Camelia Voinea, born on March 1, 1970, in Constanța, Romania, is a female Romanian artistic gymnast.
Kiel Airport, a commercial airfield located in Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, was initiated on January 1, 1914, and officially opened in 1914.
"Sweden: Heaven and Hell" is a film composed by Piero Umiliani, directed and written by Luigi Scattini, and featuring Edmund Purdom as a cast member. The film was published on January 1, 1968.
"Once Again," an independent film from India, was directed and written by Sanjay Arora, and it was published on January 1, 2012.
Tina Rupprecht, a female boxer from Augsburg, Germany, was born on August 23, 1992, and her citizenship is German.
Arnold Kriegstein, a male neurologist and researcher, was born in Tirschenreuth and educated at New York University. He works at Columbia University.
Bran Castle, located in Bran, part of Brașov in Romania, was built in 1212 and is currently owned by Dominic von Habsburg. It is an instance of a castle.
Kanchanjangha is an action film from India directed by Zubeen Garg, who also stars in it. The film was published on September 6, 2019.
The 2004 Malaysian Grand Prix, an auto racing event held on March 21, 2004, at the Sepang International Circuit in Malaysia, was part of the 2004 Formula One World Championship.
Ken Hebert, born on December 9, 1942, in San Bernardino, California, was an American football player who played as a wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
"The Gardens Between" is a puzzle video game for macOS, composed by Tim Shiel, which was published on the Humble Store on September 20, 2018.
LaKisha Jones, born on January 13, 1980, in Flint, Michigan, is a female citizen of the United States who works as both a singer and a model.
Luca Vignali, a human with the given name Luca and the family name Vignali, is a midfielder who plays for Spezia Calcio.
"The Legacy of Luna" is a nonfiction written work authored by Julia Butterfly Hill and published on April 1, 2000, in the United States.
"The Lizzie McGuire Movie," produced by Stan Rogow Productions and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, is an American film originally in English. The movie features actors like Alex Borstein and Jake Thomas among its cast.
"The Sparrow's Fluttering" is a French film with an original language of Italian, featuring Gianfranco Mingozzi as the screenwriter and a cast including Beppe Chierici, Sabrina Ferilli, and Nicola Farron.
Spencer Drever, a male Canadian citizen born on August 30, 2003, is an actor known for his work in television.
Uladzislaw Duksa, a male citizen of Belarus born on July 7, 1980, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of FC Smorgon.
"The Cactaceae" is a written work about cacti, authored by Joseph Nelson Rose and Nathaniel Lord Britton, illustrated by Kako Morita, and published by the Carnegie Institution for Science.
Speed Track is an Indian sports and action film with a screenplay written by Jayasurya. The film features Riyaz Khan and Gajala in its cast.
Francesca Grilli, a female artist born on January 1, 1978, is a human with the family name Grilli.
"Here Come the Waves" is a United States-produced film distributed by Paramount Pictures, with English as its original language. The film was produced by Mark Sandrich, had its director of photography Charles Lang, and was edited by Ellsworth Hoagland.
"The River Woman" is a drama film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Harold Shumate, featuring Lionel Barrymore in the cast. It was published on January 1, 1928.
Taitung Railway Art Village, located in both Taitung County and Taitung City, Taiwan, is a unique arts center that originated as a train station and was established on April 20, 1922.
Juan Becerra Acosta, a male journalist born on August 20, 1973, in Mexico City, Mexico, is a citizen of Mexico and received his education at the Universidad Latinoamericana.
Riley Cote, whose full name is Riley (given name) Cote (surname), is a human who played as a winger in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Sperillen Line is a railway in Norway that was owned and operated by the Norwegian State Railways from 1883 to 1996. It is part of the rail transport system in Norway and terminates at Hen in Buskerud.
Jamie Sparrow, born on 22 January 1971 in Bishop's Stortford, is a male cricketer from the United Kingdom.
Shaun Murphy, a male snooker player born on August 10, 1982, in Harlow, United Kingdom, won the 2011 Players Tour Championship Grand Final.
"Hoosiers" is a drama and teen film directed by David Anspaugh and written by Angelo Pizzo, featuring cast members Sheb Wooley and Barbara Hershey.
G.K. Bowes, a female citizen of the United States born on December 12, 1986, in Tahiti, is an actor and voice actor.
"Hold the Sunset" is a sitcom television show that was published on February 18, 2018. The show stars John Cleese and Alison Steadman, and it is directed by Sandy Johnson.
Valery Knyazev, a male ice hockey player born on June 11, 1992, in Volgograd, is a citizen of Russia and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Whale Branch Early College High School, part of the Beaufort County School District, is a high school located in South Carolina, United States. It was established and officially opened in 2010.
Thibaut Fauconnet, born on 23 April 1985 in Dijon, France, is a male citizen of France who works as a short track speed skater.
Nevada State Route 342, a road located in Nevada, United States, was established in 1976 and is owned and maintained by the Nevada Department of Transportation.
The Saab 9-7X is a car model manufactured by Saab Automobile and is classified as a sport utility vehicle. It succeeded the Oldsmobile Bravada and was followed by the Saab 9-4X.
Rock Band Blitz is a rhythm video game developed by Harmonix and published on the PlayStation 3 on August 28, 2012. The game originated in the United States.
Raisel Iglesias is a male baseball player born on January 4, 1990, in Isla de la Juventud, Cuba.
"The Upside" is a comedy-drama film directed by Neil Burger and written by Paul Feig, which was released on February 21, 2019, in Spain. Nicole Kidman is among the cast members.
The Alapaha River, a river in the United States located in Florida, is a tributary of both the Willacoochee River and the Alapahoochee River, and its mouth flows into the Suwannee River.
"Rockpile" is a rock and roll album released on January 1, 1972, by Dave Edmunds, under the record label Regal Zonophone Records, with Dave Edmunds also serving as the producer.
"Raise Your Head" is an Italian film with Italy as its country of origin. The film was written by screenwriters Angelo Carbone and Francesca Marciano, edited by Massimo Fiocchi, and features Arnaldo Catinari as the director of photography.
Natura & Co, a cosmetics corporation founded on January 1, 1969, is headquartered in Cajamar, Brazil, and operates as a multi-level marketing company in the cosmetics industry.
Marcus Beilby, born on January 1, 1951, is an Australian male painter who was educated at Applecross Senior High School.
FSV Braunfels is an association football club based in Braunfels, Germany. Founded in 1918, the club's headquarters is also located in Braunfels, and they play the sport of association football.
23 Wall Street is an office building and high-rise structure located in Manhattan, New York, United States. It is owned by J.P. Morgan & Co. and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Ten Years Old" is a silent short film directed by Robert A. McGowan and produced by F. Richard Jones. It was distributed by Pathé and published on January 1, 1927.
Kunie Tanaka, born on November 23, 1932, in Toki, Gifu, Japan, is a male actor with the family name Tanaka.
Calvin Miller, a male football player born on January 9, 1998, in Glasgow, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football as his sport.
"Be All My Sins Remember'd" is a television series episode that aired on January 4, 2008. Directed by Andy Mikita and written by Martin Gero, the episode is in English.
Chajo Station, a train station in Gifu, Japan, operated by Meitetsu, was inaugurated on June 2, 1914, and is located along the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
Steven Bates, a male citizen of New Zealand born on 16 January 1980 in Auckland, is a rugby union player.
Olivier Merle, a male rugby union player born on 14 November 1965 in Chamalières, France, is a citizen of France and plays the sport of rugby union.
Steve Galliers, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on 21 August 1957 in Fulwood, Lancashire, has had a diverse career as both a football player and a handyman.
"The Story of a Broken Heart" is a country music song performed by Johnny Cash and released as a single on June 1, 1960, under Sun Records.
The Freeman School of Business, founded in 1914, is a business school located in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, and is part of Tulane University.
"Shampoo" is a film directed by Hal Ashby and written by Robert Towne. It features cast members Jack Warden and Brad Dexter and falls under the genres of romantic comedy and comedy-drama.
New York University Shanghai is a private university affiliated with and operated under the parent organization of New York University. Located in Pudong, China, it was established in 2012.
Lugz is a company based in the United States, with its headquarters in New York City. Founded in 1993, the company produces sports equipment.
Eric Flint is a male human who was educated at the University of California, Los Angeles. He is described in the source Obalky knih.cz.
Roger Machado Marques, a male citizen of Brazil born on April 25, 1975, in Porto Alegre, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"Maniac Cop 2" is a slasher film produced by Larry Cohen, featuring actors Michael Lerner, Robert Davi, and Bruce Campbell, and it was originally made in the English language.
"Directions" is a rock and pop music album by PC Quest, published in 1992. The album was produced by George Tobin.
"Merry Christmas Everyone" is a pop rock single performed by Shakin' Stevens, produced by Dave Edmunds, and released on Epic Records on December 7, 1985.
Rune Selj, a male politician born on June 8, 1952, is a citizen of Norway and serves as a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway for the Conservative Party.
Rick Guttormson, a male baseball player born on January 11, 1977, in Torrance, California, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of baseball.
Beth Campbell, a female artist born on January 1, 1971, in the United States, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Truman State University. She has also received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
"Meant to Beh" is a Christmas film directed by Chris Martinez, which was published on December 25, 2017. Produced in the Philippines, the film is distributed by OctoArts Films.
Yan Yinhua is a female human born on August 12, 1968, who is a Chinese citizen and works as a sport cyclist specializing in cycle sport.
"Lupo the Butcher" is a comedy short film directed, written by, and produced by Danny Antonucci and Marv Newland, respectively, and was published on January 1, 1987.
The Roxburgh Branch is a branch line in New Zealand, located in the region of Otago. It is part of the rail transport system in New Zealand and is owned and operated by the New Zealand Railways Department.
Kyle Carr, a male soccer player born on January 21, 1995, in Indialantic, Florida, plays as a midfielder for the Lansing Ignite FC.
The Wilkinson House in Joelton, Tennessee, is a historic single-family detached home that was designed by architect Clarence Kelley Colley. Located in the United States, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jeffrey Eggleston, a male marathon runner born on October 1, 1984, in Rochester, New York, is a citizen of the United States and competes in the sport of athletics.
The 143rd Street station is a metro station located in The Bronx, United States, which officially opened on May 23, 1886, and closed on May 12, 1955. It was part of the IRT Second Avenue Line.
Alif Hassan, born on 14 May 1994 in Sarawak, is a football player who specializes as a midfielder for Sarawak FA, playing association football.
"Million Dollar Money Drop" is a game show that first aired on December 20, 2010, as a television series originating from France. It premiered on the network TF1.
"She's Come Undone" is a novel authored by Wally Lamb and published on August 24, 1992, by Simon & Schuster. The book originates from the United States.
Menachem Bello, a male football player born on December 26, 1947, in Tel Aviv, Israel, participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Marinho, a male futsal player born on March 30, 1985, in Porto, Portugal, is also a football player by occupation and holds Portuguese citizenship.
Ed Brubaker, a male human, is a cartoonist whose full name is Ed Brubaker. This information is described in the source Obalky knih.cz.
Betty Pariso, a female citizen of the United States, was born on January 1, 1956, in Cynthiana, Kentucky. She is a bodybuilder who competes in the sport of bodybuilding.
Adrian Cioroianu, born on January 5, 1967, in Craiova, Romania, is a historian, journalist, and politician.
David Francey, a male resident of East Ayrshire, has been nominated for and received the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year - Solo on multiple occasions.
Jair Pereira, a male football player born on July 7, 1986, in Cuautla, Morelos, is a Mexican citizen who plays association football.
The Rica Seilet Hotel, located in Molde, Norway, was designed by architect Kjell Kosberg and opened in 2002. It is owned by Scandic Hotels and is an instance of a hotel.
Toledo is an underground railway station and Metro station in Naples, Italy, which was inaugurated on January 1, 2012, and officially opened to the public on April 12, 2012.
Vidya Vathi, a female actor from India, was born on August 16, 1994, in Andhra Pradesh and currently resides in Chennai.
The Orlando International Airport Intermodal Terminal, located within Orlando International Airport in Orlando, Florida, United States, is owned by the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority and officially opened on November 17, 2017. This terminal serves as a train station.
The 1999 Faber Grand Prix -- Doubles is a women's doubles tennis event that was part of the 1999 Faber Grand Prix, organized by the Women's Tennis Association and held in 1999.
Shungiku Nakamura, a female illustrator and mangaka born on December 13, 1980, in Japan, is a citizen of Japan.
Tracy Wilson, born on September 25, 1961, in Lachine, Quebec, Canada, is a Canadian figure skating coach and ice dancer.
The Windmill at Wijk bij Duurstede is a landscape painting created by Jacob van Ruisdael in 1670. It is owned by the Rijksmuseum and is from the Netherlands.
"Judy of Rogue's Harbor" is a silent film from the United States, written by Clara Beranger and featuring Mary Miles Minter, Charles Meredith, and George Periolat in its cast.
Jan de Nijs, born on January 25, 1958, in Amsterdam, is a Dutch cyclist who has had careers in both sport cycling and track cycling, participating in cycle sport. He is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Hassan Muhammad Makki is a male citizen of Yemen who has been educated at both the Sapienza University of Rome and the University of Bologna. He works at Sana'a University and has held the position of Prime Minister of Yemen.
Hawke's Bay United FC, an association football club based in New Zealand, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Napier, New Zealand. The club participates in the New Zealand Football Championship.
Dalixia Fernández, a female born on November 26, 1977, in Guantánamo, Cuba, is a volleyball player who specializes in beach volleyball.
The Communist Party of Latvia, which was established on January 1, 1904, and dissolved on January 1, 1991, had its headquarters in Riga, Latvia. It was an instance of a communist party and was affiliated with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Blackwell's Island is a film produced and distributed by Warner Bros., originally made in the United States with English as its original language. The film features actors Stanley Fields and Granville Bates in its cast.
Mortty Ivy is a male American football player born on April 26, 1986, who is a citizen of the United States and a member of the Miami Dolphins.
The National Taichung Theater, an iconic theater structure located in Taichung, Taiwan, was officially opened on September 30, 2016, and is owned by the Taichung City Government. It was inaugurated on January 1, 2015.
Liam Honohan, born on January 1, 1969, in Bishopstown, is a male Gaelic football player who played for the Cork Senior Football Team.
Alan Solow is a male human born in the year 2000, who is a lawyer and a citizen of the United States. He was educated at Harvard Law School.
The Port of Hamburg, located in Hamburg, Germany, next to the Unterelbe river, was established on May 7, 1189. It is a seaport operated by the Hamburg Port Authority.
"Putting on the Ritz" is a novel written by Joe Keenan and published by Viking Press in 1991. The story is set in New York City.
The London Company, a business that was established in 1606, had its headquarters in London and was dissolved in 1624. It was preceded by the Plymouth Company and was succeeded by the Somers Isles Company.
Michel Voisin, a male politician born on October 6, 1944, in Replonges, France, holds the position of Mayor of Replonges.
Stephanie Sequeira, born on June 30, 1993, is a female human who works as a bodybuilder and participates in the sport of bodybuilding.
Mike Thorne, born on January 25, 1948, in Sunderland, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and holds multiple occupations including pianist, record producer, and composer.
Sharbani Mukherjee, a female human born in India in 1969, is an actor and holds Indian citizenship.
MC Yankoo, a male singer and rapper, was born on 27 August 1981 in Vienna, Austria.
The 1912 Copenhagen Football Championship was an association football season organized by the Danish Football Union in Denmark. This championship took place in 1912 and is an instance of a sports season within the Copenhagen Football Championship league.
Carolina Indriago, a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant contestant born on August 22, 1980, in Valencia, Carabobo, is a female citizen of Venezuela.
Jack Howell is a male baseball player born on August 18, 1961, in Tucson, Arizona. He is a citizen of the United States and plays baseball as his occupation.
Italeri, an Italian enterprise founded in Bologna in 1962, is headquartered in Bologna, Italy.
Emilie Ullerup, born on October 27, 1984, in Copenhagen, Denmark, is a female Danish film actor.
The India Meteorological Department, established in 1875, is a government agency and meteorological service headquartered on Lodhi Road in New Delhi, India.
Liao Fan, born on February 14, 1974, in Changsha, China, is a versatile actor with careers in stage acting, television, and film in China.
Farragut West station is an underground Metro station located in Washington, D.C., United States. Owned by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, it opened in 1977.
Miriam Lau, born on 27 April 1947 in Guangzhou, is a Chinese female lawyer and politician.
Daniel Duarte, a male football player born on October 25, 1979, in Gibraltar, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football as his profession.
"Performance," an LGBT-related film, was produced by Goodtimes Enterprises and distributed by Warner Bros. The film features John Creasey and Kenneth Colley in its cast and was produced by Sanford Lieberson.
The World Film Company, founded by Lewis J. Selznick in 1914, is a film production company based in the United States. It was formed and has its headquarters in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
William Maclay, a male representative from Pennsylvania, held positions as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and as a United States representative, working in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Chetan Singh Hari, born on September 14, 1936, in India, is a male sport cyclist who held citizenship in both the British Raj and India.
"Chouans!" is a French-language film produced by Ariel Zeitoun, directed by cinematographer Bernard Zitzermann, and features Philippe Noiret, Maxime Leroux, and Sophie Marceau in its cast.
Saskatchewan Highway 934 is a road in Canada, located in the province of Saskatchewan. It is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure of Saskatchewan and is part of the roads in Saskatchewan highway system.
Devin Brown, a male basketball player born on December 30, 1978, in Salt Lake City, is a citizen of the United States and plays basketball as his occupation.
Tecumseh, Nebraska, is a city and county seat located in Johnson County, Nebraska, United States. It was established in 1856 and serves as the capital of Johnson County.
"Tyrel" is a drama film directed and written by Sebastián Silva, featuring Jason Mitchell in the cast. It was published on January 20, 2018.
"The Woman Next Door" is a drama film from 1919, directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Carolyn Wells. The film stars Ethel Clayton and was published in 1919.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens, established on January 1, 1859, is a botanical garden and herbarium located in Singapore. Designated as a World Heritage Site, it holds significant heritage value within the country.
Yaya Soumahoro, a male football player born on September 28, 1989, in Abidjan, is a citizen of Ivory Coast and plays association football as his profession.
The 2011 Players Championship, an annual golf tournament held in the United States, took place in 2011 and was won by K.J. Choi.
Harsimus Cove station, a tram stop owned by NJ Transit and located in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, was inaugurated in the year 2000 and officially opened on November 18, 2000.
Philippe Durel, born on 13 August 1954 in Granville, Manche, is a male French citizen who works as a sport cyclist specializing in cycle sport.
"The Hot Box" is an exploitation film directed and written by Joe Viola, featuring Carmen Argenziano in the cast. It was published on January 1, 1972.
Moirangthem Nara, a male citizen of India born on 27 May 1949, is a politician and a member of the Communist Party of India.
"Meet the Browns" is a romance film produced by Tyler Perry Studios and distributed by Lionsgate. The film features English as its original language and stars Tyler Perry and Angela Bassett.
Miho Yamada, born on June 21, 1973, in Tokyo, Japan, is a female who has had a career as both a rhythmic gymnast and a sports commentator.
Shawn Christopher is a female American singer who performs house music. She is a human with the given name Shawn.
Mike England, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on December 2, 1941, in Holywell, Flintshire, has had a career spanning both football player and association football manager.
John Franco, whose full name is John Franco, is a relief pitcher who played for both the New York Mets and the Cincinnati Reds. He is a member of the United States in sports.
Andrzej Busza, a male citizen of Poland, was born on November 17, 1938. He is both a poet and a literary critic, and he received his education at University College London.
Sean Reilly, a male citizen of the United States born on June 1, 1961, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, works as both a businessperson and a politician.
"Werewolf," a drama film directed and written by Ashley McKenzie, was released on September 9, 2016, and features Andrew Gillis in its cast.
Beverly Naidus, a female artist born in 1953, studied at Carleton College and NSCAD University, and currently works as an employee at the University of Washington.
"A Fresh Air Romance" is a drama short film directed by Harold M. Shaw and distributed by Edison Studios. It was published on January 1, 1912, in the United States.
Marco Baldan, born on November 13, 1993, in Cittadella, is a professional football player who specializes as a defender for A.C. Perugia Calcio.
Kelly Klein, a female citizen of the United States born on January 28, 1986, in St. Louis, is a professional wrestler and actor.
"Secrets of the Orient" is a drama film with Norbert Falk as the screenwriter and Anatole Litvak and Alexandre Volkoff as directors. The cast includes Nina Koshetz and Brigitte Helm.
Donna M. Loring, a female politician born on October 1, 1948, at the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation, is a citizen of the United States and received her education at the University of Maine.
Kong Karls Land, discovered in 1617, is an island group that forms part of Svalbard and is administered by Norway.
Giulia Jones held the position of Member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, representing an electoral district. She began her term at a specific start time and concluded it at a particular end time.
Berland Anthony, born on an unspecified day in 1923 in India, was a professional football player who played as a goalkeeper for East Bengal F.C., specializing in association football.
Flensburger Brauerei, a brewery and trademark based in Flensburg, Germany, was established on September 6, 1888, and operates under the legal form of GmbH & Co. KG.
Aeogae Station, an underground railway station located in Seoul, South Korea, was inaugurated in 1996 and is operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation.
"Thunder Point," a thriller novel authored by Jack Higgins and published in 1993, is a written work originating from the United Kingdom.
Nikolay Kulemin, a male ice hockey player born on July 14, 1986, in Magnitogorsk, Russia, participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Olivia Fergusson, born on March 27, 1995, in Burntwood, is a female football player and a member of Aston Villa F.C.
"Anthem," a novella written by Ayn Rand, was published in the United States in 1938. It falls under the genres of science fiction and novella.
"Wild at Heart" is a book authored by John Eldredge and published in 2001 by Thomas Nelson in the United States. The book is written in English.
Sam Jeffries, a male rugby union player born on 20 May 1992 in Brisbane, Australia, plays for the NEC Green Rockets.
Sanni Hakala, a female ice hockey player from Jyväskylä, Finland, was born on October 31, 1997, and is a citizen of Finland.
Front Office Football is a sports game published by EA Sports for Microsoft Windows on an unspecified day in 1999. It originated from the United States.
Shunsuke Michieda, a male human born on July 25, 2002, in Osaka Prefecture, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and works as an actor.
J.B. Woodman, a male baseball player born on December 13, 1994, in Orlando, Florida, plays for the Palm Beach Cardinals.
Fuchu Athletic FC, a football club and futsal team based in Japan, was founded in the year 2000 and participates in the F. League for futsal.
The Evangelical Lyceum, established in 1991, is a school located in Bratislava, Slovakia, where it also serves as a Cultural Heritage Monument of Slovakia.
Jackson Guitars, a musical instrument manufacturing company based in the United States, was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. The company is now owned by Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
Moore County, Texas, which became a county on January 1, 1876, is part of the United States and is located within the state of Texas. Its capital is Dumas, Texas, and it shares a border with Potter County, Texas.
Cadena Dial is a radio station owned by PRISA, which was founded on September 3, 1990, and has its headquarters in Madrid, Spain. The station broadcasts in both Spain and Andorra.
"Soul Grabber" is a jazz album released on Prestige Records in 1967, produced by Cal Lampley and performed by saxophonist Willis Jackson.
IronRuby, an open-source and free programming language implementation developed by Microsoft, was initiated in 2007 and is designed to run on the Microsoft Windows operating system.
"The Sword and the Cross" is a drama film directed by both Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani, written by Sandro Continenza, and features actors Massimo Serato and Andrea Aureli in its cast.
"Sid and Nancy" is a biographical film distributed by Samuel Goldwyn, produced by Eric Fellner, and starring Perry Benson, David Hayman, and Andrew Schofield.
Revy Rosalia, born on December 8, 1982, in Rotterdam, is a male football player from the Kingdom of the Netherlands who plays association football as his profession.
Ben Hellewell, born on January 30, 1992, in Bradford, is a male rugby league player who plays for the Featherstone Rovers.
Jessica Manley, a female actor born on January 1, 1985, in England, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and works in both film and theater.
Sean Fingleton, born on January 1, 1950, is a male citizen of the Republic of Ireland who works as a painter.
"Tom," a biographical and documentary film directed by Mike Hoolboom, was released on September 12, 2002, in Canada.
Jamie Slabber, born on December 31, 1984, in the London Borough of Enfield, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his profession.
"The 1975 Annual World's Best SF," edited by Arthur W. Saha and published in the United States in 1975, is a book that compiles science fiction short stories.
Bradley Langenhoven, a male rugby union player born on December 3, 1983, in Walvis Bay, is a citizen of Namibia and plays the sport of rugby union.
Mike Davis, born on 23 January 1942 in Lichfield, United Kingdom, is a male rugby union player who was a member of the England national rugby union team.
"Foolish Foolish" is a J-pop song performed by Yuya Matsushita and released as a single on Epic Records on November 26, 2008.
"The Scheme for Full Employment," a novel authored by Magnus Mills and published on March 3, 2003, by HarperCollins, is a literary work originating from the United Kingdom.
Priyankar Mukherjee, a male citizen of India born on March 29, 1985, is a cricketer by occupation.
Val Demings was born on March 12, 1957, in Jacksonville, Florida, and is a citizen of the United States. She has had a diverse career, working as a police officer, chief of police, and a social worker.
Klöckner Stadium is a stadium located in Virginia, United States, owned by the University of Virginia and operated by the Virginia Cavaliers, who also occupy the facility.
The film "The Last Emperor" was awarded the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing, Best Film Editing, and Best Production Design, and it was also nominated for these same categories.
The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue, a sculpture created by Theodore Cotillo Barbarossa and inaugurated on January 1, 1976, is located in Massachusetts, United States, and it commemorates Samuel Wilson.
Casey Kotchman, born on February 22, 1983, in St. Petersburg, Florida, is a male citizen of the United States who played baseball professionally as a baseball player.
Sandra Jordan, born in 1901, is a female journalist with the family name Jordan.
Samuel "Sam" Lacey, whose family name is Lacey, played basketball as a center and was a member of both the Cincinnati Royals and the Brooklyn Nets.
Mohamed Sakho, whose full name is Mohamed Sakho, is an association football player who has played as a midfielder. He has been a member of sports teams including the Olympic Club de Safi and the Étoile Sportive du Sahel.
"Always and Ever" is a rock music single by the band Southern Sons, released as part of their album "Southern Sons" under RCA Records on January 1, 1990.
Perci Garner, born on December 13, 1988, in Dover, Ohio, is a versatile athlete who has played both baseball and American football. He was a member of the Cleveland Indians and his primary sport is American football.
Terumi Asoshina, a female citizen of Japan born on August 2, 1982, is a long-distance runner who competes in the sport of athletics.
Alice International Airport, located in Alice, Texas, United States, was established on January 2, 1943, and serves as a transport hub for the city of Alice, Texas. The airport is named after Alice, Texas, and is an international airport.
Achraf Lazaar was a member of the S.S.D. Palermo sports team, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time. The details of his acquisition and departure transactions with S.S.D. Palermo are noted.
NK Croatia Sesvete is an association football club based in Croatia, with its headquarters in Zagreb. Founded in 1957, the club was dissolved in 2012.
Eric Abrams, born in University City, San Diego, in 1974, is a male American football player who holds citizenship in the United States.
Juliette Brindak, a female human born in New York City in 1989, was educated at Greenwich High School.
"The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday" is a comedy film produced and distributed by American International Pictures. The film features Sylvia Miles and Robert Culp in its cast and was originally made in the English language.
"The Blair Witch Project," a film published on January 25, 1999, and November 25, 1999, passes the Bechdel Test and features Joshua Leonard and Jim King (saxophonist) among its cast members.
Hillhead subway station, located underground in Glasgow City, United Kingdom, is part of the Glasgow Subway and was inaugurated on December 14, 1896. It is an instance of both a metro station and an underground station.
Jamie Young, a male basketball coach who played for the Boston Celtics, was educated at Blackburn College in Illinois.
The Greenbelt Historic District, an architectural structure designed by Reginald Jeffrey Wadsworth in the Streamline Moderne style, is part of the Resettlement Administration and includes the Old Greenbelt Theatre. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"You Got the Silver" is a rock song performed by The Rolling Stones and composed by Mick Jagger. It is part of the album "Let It Bleed" and was produced by Jimmy Miller.
Carl Peter Stoltenberg, a male citizen of Norway, is a member of the Parliament of Norway representing the Independence Party.
Berna / Na Forbacha GAA is a sports club based in County Galway, Republic of Ireland, which was founded in 1992. The club's headquarters are also located in County Galway, and they primarily play hurling.
"Some Girls" is a film distributed and produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, featuring Jennifer Connelly and Patrick Dempsey in the cast. The film falls under the genres of romantic comedy and comedy-drama.
El Porvenir Airport is an airport located in Guna Yala, Panama, and it serves the transport needs of El Porvenir, Guna Yala. The airport is named after El Porvenir, Guna Yala, and it is distinct from another airport with a similar name in Honduras.
Gila River Arena, located in Glendale, Arizona, United States, is an arena owned by Glendale and operated by the Arizona Coyotes, who also occupy the venue.
"The Rebel" is a South Korean television series that falls under the genres of television drama and historical fiction. It originally aired on the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation starting from January 30, 2017.
"Autumn Shower" is a South Korean television drama series that originally aired on the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation from September 21, 2005, to November 10, 2005.
Tsushimanomiya Station, a train station in Mitoyo, Kagawa, Japan, was officially opened on May 7, 1915, and it is connected to the Yosan Line.
Christa Pike, born on March 10, 1976, in West Virginia, is a female citizen of the United States with the given name Christa and the surname Pike.
"Level Headed" is an album by The Sweet, released on Polydor Records in 1978. It falls under the genres of art rock and glam rock.
Astrid Gjertsen, a female Norwegian politician born on 14 September 1928 in Horsens, served as a member of the Parliament of Norway.
"I Wanna Fall in Love" is a country music single performed by Lila McCann and was released as part of her album "Lila" on September 1, 1997, under Asylum Records.
"La Gran Tentación" is a drama film directed by Ernesto Arancibia and released in 1948. The film features José Olarra and Elisa Galvé in its cast.
Matt Mead, born on March 11, 1962, in Jackson, Wyoming, is a U.S. citizen who has had diverse career roles as a businessperson, lawyer, and politician.
"Chalo" is a film that was released on February 2, 2018. It features Mime Gopi and Naga Shaurya in its cast and is categorized as both an action comedy and a romantic comedy.
The 2006 China Open, an open championship badminton tournament held in China, included the Men's doubles event and took place in 2006.
Brian Page, a male tennis player born on May 8, 1966, in Minneapolis--Saint Paul, has made his career in the sport of tennis.
Seiko Niizuma, a Japanese citizen born on October 8, 1980, in Inazawa, Aichi, is a female singer and voice actress in Japan.
"Broadcast News" is a film with genres romantic comedy and comedy-drama, written by James L. Brooks and starring William Hurt, Marc Shaiman, and Jack Nicholson.
Victoria City Hall, designed by architect John Teague, was built in 1890 and is located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. It holds a heritage designation in both British Columbia and Canada.
"The Thirteen Chairs," an English-language film, was produced by Claude Giroux and features Nicolas Gessner as the screenwriter. The cast includes Mirella Pamphili, Ottavia Piccolo, and Vittorio Gassman.
The 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals -- Singles is part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals and is a men's singles tennis event held in Brazil during 2011.
Doug Geiss, a member of the Democratic Party and a human, serves as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives with his work location in Lansing, Michigan. He speaks, writes, and signs in the English language.
"The Book of Strange New Things" is a science fiction novel authored by Michel Faber and published by Hogarth Press on January 1, 2014. The book originates from the United States.
Kaori Mizumori, a female singer born on August 31, 1973, in Kita, Tokyo, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and attended Josai Junior College.
Paul Pettinger, a male football player from Sheffield, was born on October 1, 1975, and is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He plays association football as his sport.
Ruskin Pottery, established on January 1, 1898, is a pottery studio and business headquartered in Smethwick, United Kingdom.
The Cayman Islands, a British Overseas Territory, were discovered by Christopher Columbus on May 10, 1503, and are located within the British Overseas Territories under the administration of the United Kingdom.
The Golden Palominos, an alternative rock band founded in Cleveland in 1981 by Anton Fier, is known for their notable work "This Is How It Feels," an album that exemplifies their genre.
"Good Good Night" is a hip-hop song performed by Roscoe Dash and produced by Kane Beatz. It was published on January 1, 2011, and is part of the EP "J.U.I.C.E."
Ellen McIlwaine, a female singer-songwriter born on October 1, 1945, in Nashville, Tennessee, is a citizen of the United States.
Bob Riedy, a male citizen of the United States born on August 26, 1945, is a basketball player who played for the Houston Mavericks.
Ashok Vajpeyi is a human who works as a translator and is known for his notable work "Kahin Nahin Wahin." He was educated at St. Stephen's College in Delhi and primarily writes in Hindi.
Kevin Leveille, a male citizen of the United States born on August 18, 1981, in Delmar, New York, is a lacrosse player.
Jim Rygiel, a human, has received multiple Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects and has been nominated for this award on additional occasions.
Barry Cable, born on 22 September 1943 in Narrogin, Western Australia, is an Australian male who has had a career in Australian rules football as both a player and a coach.
Riddick Stadium is a stadium located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States, and it is owned, operated, and occupied by North Carolina State University.
Daniel Martins is a male Portuguese football player born on 23 June 1993 in Torres Vedras, Portugal. He plays association football as his profession.
Jeremy Lewis, born on February 1, 1990, in West Palm Beach, Florida, is an American football player who also plays Canadian football. He is a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats sports team.
Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot is a female sociologist born on August 22, 1944, in the United States. She was educated at the Harvard Graduate School of Education and is employed at Harvard University.
Hotaru no Nikki is an action-adventure video game published on June 19, 2014, for the PlayStation Vita in Japan by Nippon Ichi Software.
Danny Lippens, born on September 18, 1961, in Eeklo, Belgium, is a male sport cyclist with Belgian citizenship.
Amit Rawal, born on September 21, 1963, in Chandigarh, is a male citizen of India who works as a judge and was educated at Panjab University.
NEC Corporation of America, a business headquartered in Irving, Texas, United States, was founded in 2006 and is a subsidiary of NEC. It also owns DIMACS.
"Reborn" is a hard rock album by the band Trapt, published on EMI Records in the United States in 2013.
Aviva Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, where association football is played. It is owned by the Irish Rugby Football Union and serves as the home ground for the Republic of Ireland national football team.
"Live for Loving You" is a pop music single performed by Gloria Estefan and was released on September 1, 1991, under Epic Records. It is part of the album "Into the Light."
Jeff Dean, a male citizen of the United States, is a musician who has received the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award.
Sunset Boulevard is a film produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures, with a cast including Al Ferguson and Fred Clark. The film is an American production set in Los Angeles.
Luciana Morales Mendoza, born on January 1, 1987, in Lima, Peru, is a female chess player who holds Peruvian citizenship.
Peter Macdissi, a male actor and human, began his acting career in 1993 and currently resides in Los Angeles.
Sports Direct, a brick-and-mortar business headquartered in Shirebrook, was founded in 1982 and is owned by Mike Ashley, a businessman based in the United Kingdom.
Cal Henderson, a male human born on January 17, 1981, is an engineer and blogger who was educated at Sharnbrook Academy.
Susana Mora, a female football player born on January 26, 1979, in Mexico, is a citizen of Mexico and plays association football.
"Heaven Knows" is a pop music single performed by Rick Price, published on July 1, 1992, under Columbia Records. It is part of Rick Price's album titled "Heaven Knows."
John F. Kelly, a male politician from Detroit who was born on September 6, 1949, and passed away on September 16, 2018, was educated at Wayne State University.
Byurakan Observatory, established in 1946, is an astronomical observatory located in Byurakan, which is part of the Aragatsotn Province in Armenia. It is a component of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences.
Mushi Production is a Japanese animation studio founded in 1961 by Osamu Tezuka and is headquartered in Japan, where it operates within the anime industry.
Robin Room, a male sociologist born on December 28, 1939, in Australia, is an Australian citizen who was educated at Princeton University.
The Louis Delhaize Group, a public retail enterprise founded on January 1, 1875, has its headquarters in Charleroi and operates as a business in the retail industry.
Cho Kwang-rae, a male citizen of South Korea born on 19 March 1954 in Jinju, has had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
Mikhail Panin, born on January 15, 1961, in Oskemen, is an ice hockey player who has played for sports teams such as Krylya Sovetov Moscow and SKA Saint Petersburg.
Karl Fairbank, born on June 1, 1963, is a male citizen of the United Kingdom who was a rugby league player and a member of the Bradford Bulls sports team.
Nea Salamis Famagusta VC has participated in multiple Cyprus Volleyball Division 1 seasons, including those in 1988-1989, 1994-1995, 1998-1999, and 2013-14. They have also achieved victories in the 1998-1999 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, the 2000-01 Cypriot Men's Volleyball Cup, and the 2012-13 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1.
Symbol Technologies, a business founded in 1975 by Jerome Swartz, had its headquarters in Holtsville, New York, and was headquartered in the Netherlands. The company dissolved in 2007.
"The Rear Gunner" is a drama film directed by Ray Enright and distributed by Warner Bros., which was released on April 10, 1943, in the United States.
The 1989 Toray Pan Pacific Open -- Doubles was a women's doubles tennis event that was part of the 1989 Toray Pan Pacific Open, organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It took place in 1989 and was a tennis competition for women.
"Crazy Women" is a country music single by LeAnn Rimes, released on December 10, 2010, under Curb Records, and it is part of the album "Lady & Gentlemen."
Lionel Isherwood, a cricketer from the United Kingdom, played for both Hampshire County Cricket Club and Sussex County Cricket Club.
Shafi Parambil, a male citizen of India born on February 12, 1983, is a politician and a member of the Indian National Congress party, holding the position of Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation, founded on January 1, 1958, is a business headquartered in Xi'an, China, and is owned by the Aviation Industry Corporation of China. It operates under the parent organization, China Aviation Industry Corporation I.
Petr Mocek, a male ice hockey player born on December 8, 1980, in Czechoslovakia, is a citizen of the Czech Republic and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Ashley Allanson, born on 13 November 1986 in Kingston upon Hull, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his profession.
Don L. Anderson, who received his education at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute under the guidance of Frank Press, works in the field of seismology. He has been awarded both the Guggenheim Fellowship and the James B. Macelwane Medal, and he was the doctoral advisor to Thomas H. Jordan.
Rosa Kellner, a German female athlete, participated in the sport of athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics. Her full name is Rosa Kellner.
The Burundi women's national football team is a women's national association football team owned by the Football Federation of Burundi. They represent Burundi in the sport of association football, competing in women's association football competitions.
"Turtle Soup" is a folk rock album by The Turtles, produced by Ray Davies and published on October 1, 1969, under the record label White Whale Records.
Pablo Puente, a male citizen of Spain, was born on June 16, 1931, in Colindres. He is a Catholic priest who was educated at Comillas Pontifical University.
Jacqueline Soames, a female figure skater born on 30 September 1968 in Nuneaton, United Kingdom, participated in the pair skating event at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
"Vendela," a novel authored by Kaari Utrio and published by Tammi in Finland in 1989, is a literary work belonging to the genre of novels.
"Jalopy," a film released on January 1, 1953, was directed by William Beaudine, written by Tim Ryan, and features Leo Gorcey as a cast member. The film's music was composed by Marlin Skiles.
"We of the Never Never," a novel written by Jeannie Gunn, was published in Australia in 1908. This literary work tells a story set at Elsey Station.
Matt McKnight, a male ice hockey player born on June 14, 1984, in Halkirk, Alberta, is a Canadian citizen who plays the sport of ice hockey.
Yaw Arnol, a male citizen of Ghana born on December 3, 1997, in Ho, Ghana, is an association football player.
The Terrazza Martini Tower, a skyscraper in Genoa, Italy, was conceived and officially opened in 1940. Designed by architect Marcello Piacentini, it stands as a significant structure in the city.
Sara Martínez Puntero, a female citizen of Spain born on February 26, 1990, in Madrid, is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Telia Company, an enterprise based in Sweden with its headquarters in Stockholm, was established on January 1, 2003, and is owned by the Government of Sweden.
"4th Time Around" is a folk rock song performed by Bob Dylan and produced by Bob Johnston. It is part of the album "Blonde on Blonde," which was released under the Columbia Records label.
"The Gunfighter" is a Western film with a screenplay written by Roger Corman and William Bowers, starring Kenneth Tobey, Hank Patterson, and Pierce Lyden.
Victor Rodrigues da Silva, a male football player born on February 10, 1976, in Brazil, holds citizenship in both Brazil and South Korea.
Caldecott MRT station is an underground metro station located in Singapore and is part of the Mass Rapid Transit system in Singapore. It was inaugurated on October 8, 2011.
Tom MacLeod, a human with the family name MacLeod, played as a linebacker and was a member of both the Baltimore Colts from 1947 to 1950 and the Green Bay Packers.
VV DESK is an association football club based in Waalwijk, Netherlands. Founded on 29 May 1930, the club's headquarters are also located in Waalwijk, where they play association football.
"Wings Upon Your Horns" is a country music album performed by Loretta Lynn, published on January 5, 1970, under Decca Records. The album was produced by Owen Bradley.
Zhishan metro station is an elevated metro station that became operational in 1997. Located in Taipei, Taiwan, it is part of the Taipei Metro system.
Merze Tate, whose surname is Tate, is a human who was educated at both Western Michigan University and Harvard University. She worked at Howard University and was honored by being inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame.
"Tandia," an English-language novel written by Bryce Courtenay and published on May 1, 1991, is a literary work from Australia.
Charisse Mills, a female opera singer born on January 12, 1988, in Trinidad and Tobago, is a citizen of the same country.
Apolline Traoré, a female filmmaker from Burkina Faso, was born in Ouagadougou in 1976 and later studied at Emerson College.
David Renneberg, a male citizen of Australia born on September 23, 1942, is a cricketer who played for the Australia national cricket team.
"Never Mind the Quality, Feel the Width" is a British comedy film produced by EMI Films and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is set in London and was shot at Pinewood Studios.
Kentucky Route 34 is a road in the United States, specifically in Kentucky, and it is part of the numbered highway system in Kentucky. The route is owned and maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
"A Knight of the Word," a speculative fiction novel authored by Terry Brooks and published in the United States by Del Rey Books in 1998, is an instance of his written work.
Taiz University, founded in 1996, is a university located in Taiz, Yemen. Its headquarters are in Taiz, and its main category is listed under "Category:Taiz University."
Edmund Yeo, a male film director born on March 6, 1984, in Singapore, is a citizen of Malaysia.
Bulkemsmolen is a watermill and gristmill located in Simpelveld, Netherlands. It was established in 1774.
Brunswick Corporation, founded on September 15, 1845, by J.M. Brunswick, is a joint-stock company headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois, in the United States. It is an instance of a conglomerate company.
"Burning Love" is a comedy film directed by Alberto Caviglia and produced by Luigi Musini. It was published in 2015 and is in the Italian language.
Robin Raphel, a female diplomat born in Vancouver, Washington on an unspecified day in 1947, was educated at the University of Washington, where she also worked.
Audio Playground is a rock and pop band that was formed in Edmonton, Canada, in 2009. They specialize in dance music and are signed with Sony Music.
Els Dottermans, born on 16 May 1964 in Leuven, Belgium, is a multi-talented performing artist who works as a film actor and singer.
Eaton Square Mayfair is an independent private school located in the City of Westminster, London, United Kingdom. It was founded in 2017.
"Stranger on the Third Floor" is a film produced and distributed by RKO Pictures in the United States. The film features Dell Henderson and Charles Halton in its cast, with Nicholas Musuraca serving as the director of photography.
"Too Cold" is a hip hop single that was released on 21 March 2005 by Roots Manuva under the record label Big Dada. It is part of the album "Awfully Deep."
"Overland with Kit Carson" is an American television show produced in the United States, originally in the English language. It was produced by Jack Fier, written by Joseph F. Poland, and features Iris Meredith and Richard Fiske in its cast.
JJ Lin, born on March 27, 1981, in Singapore, is a multi-talented individual who is a singer, singer-songwriter, and actor, and holds citizenship in Singapore.
Mohamed Shawky is a human who plays association football as a midfielder. He is a member of both Smouha SC and Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC, and he plays in the Premier League.
Grayson McCouch, born on October 29, 1968, in New York City, is a United States citizen who works as a stage actor, television actor, and actor.
Jason Palmada, a male rugby league player born on February 25, 1969, in New Zealand, is a citizen of New Zealand and was a member of the Workington Town sports team.
"The Bellboy" is a comedy film where Jerry Lewis not only stars but also serves as the screenwriter and producer. The cast includes Jerry Lewis, Maxie Rosenbloom, and Jack Weston.
Francis Clarke, a human, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly who speaks English.
Gianluca Alfenoni, a male football player born on January 20, 1996, in Zárate, Buenos Aires, plays as a midfielder for Defensores Unidos.
Ulrike Malmendier, a female economist born on August 1, 1973, is a university teacher and citizen of Germany. She was educated at the University of Bonn.
Turquoise Hill Resources, a mining business founded in 1994 by Robert Friedland, has its headquarters in Vancouver and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Wil Myers, whose full name is Wil Myers, plays as a first baseman for the Tampa Bay Rays and previously for the San Diego Padres. He is a sports player from the United States.
Steve Skroce, a male comics artist and cartoonist born in Canada, has been active in the field since his birth in 1901.
Mehmet Topuz, born on September 7, 1983, in Yozgat, Turkey, is a male football player who plays association football.
Roy Long was a male Australian rules football player born on September 4, 1914, and died on April 4, 1985. He played for the Hawthorn Football Club.
U.S. Route 91 is a road that was established in 1926 and is owned by the Idaho Transportation Department. It runs through administrative territorial entities including Utah and Idaho in the United States.
Andy Whiteford, a male born on 22 August 1977 in Scotland, is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He has had careers as both a football player and a manager in association football.
The Nosebleeds, a punk rock band formed in Manchester, United Kingdom, in 1976, features Vini Reilly as a member.
Masayoshi Takemura, whose full name is Masayoshi Takemura, has been a member of both the Liberal Democratic Party and the Democratic Party of Japan in political roles. He held the position of Minister of Finance and currently works as an employee at Tokushima Bunri University.
"Gentlemen Among Themselves" is a film from Germany, directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and written by Franz Rauch. It was released on October 1, 1929, and features Hermann Picha as a cast member.
Jumbunna railway station is a former train station located in Victoria, Australia. It opened officially in 1894 and was situated along the Outtrim railway line. The station is now abandoned but was once an active part of the rail network in Victoria.
Lewis Neal, a male football player born on July 14, 1981, in Leicester, United Kingdom, plays association football as his profession.
Daniel Henshall, born on August 9, 1982, in Sydney, is an Australian actor who works in both films and television.
The Veterans Memorial Bridge in Bristol County, Massachusetts, is a bascule bridge that spans the Taunton River. It was officially opened on October 11, 2011, and is maintained by the Massachusetts Highway Department.
"Expelled from Paradise" is a science fiction and post-apocalyptic film directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by Gen Urobuchi. The film features Hiroshi Kamiya and Hisao Egawa among its cast members.
Inverleith House is an architectural structure located in Inverleith, part of the City of Edinburgh in Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom. It was designed by architect David Henderson.
Sofia Ashraf, a female singer born on an unspecified day in 1987 in Chennai, is educated at the University of Madras and uses her voice as her primary instrument.
Wayne Wood is a male ice hockey player born on June 5, 1951, in Toronto, Canada.
The Anderson Memorial Bridge is an arch bridge located in Massachusetts, United States. Built in 1915, it spans the Charles River.
Kosali Simon is a female economist from the United States who works at Indiana University. She was educated at Hamilton College and her doctoral advisor was William N. Evans.
Nikolaos Zafeiropoulos is a male football player born on January 8, 1974, in Greece. He is a citizen of Greece and plays association football as his sport.
"Hornet Flight" is a novel authored by Ken Follett and published in 2002. It is a thriller written work originating from Wales.
"Later That Evening" is a jazz album released by ECM Records on an unspecified day in 1982. The album was produced by Manfred Eicher and performed by Eberhard Weber.
Jens Semjan, born on February 13, 1979, in Ulm, Germany, is a male artist and a citizen of Germany.
Oakgrove School, an academy in the United Kingdom, was established on February 1, 2011, in the Borough of Milton Keynes.
"Dark Quetzal," a speculative fiction novel authored by Katherine Roberts and published on March 1, 2003, by Scholastic Corporation, is a literary work originating from the United Kingdom.
Gilbert Lao, a male basketball player born on September 13, 1978, in Manila, Philippines, is a citizen of the Philippines and plays the sport of basketball.
Carlos Duarte is a male Portuguese football player born on 25 March 1933 in Huambo, who played association football as his occupation.
Miyakojima Station, an underground metro station in Miyakojima-ku, Osaka, Japan, was inaugurated on May 29, 1974, and officially opened in 1974.
Soraya Saga, a Japanese citizen born on January 1, 1969, in Japan, is a female illustrator and painter.
StopBadware, an organization founded by John Palfrey in 2006, is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where it works in the field of computing to combat bad software.
"22 Female Kottayam" is a film directed by Aashiq Abu and composed by Bijibal, published on April 13, 2012. The film features Rima Kallingal and Fahadh Faasil in the cast.
Patricia Dowling, born on December 10, 1957, in Lawrence, Massachusetts, is a U.S. citizen who has had a diverse career as a lawyer, politician, and judge.
Nadia Sharmeen, a female journalist born in 1950, is a citizen of Bangladesh and has received the International Women of Courage Award.
Shizue Miyabe, a female swimmer born on August 3, 1938, in Nara, Nara, participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics and is a citizen of Japan.
Joe Womack, born on December 10, 1936, in Fort Worth, Texas, was an American football player who played as a halfback for the Cal State Los Angeles Golden Eagles.
"Hop, Look and Listen" is an animated short film directed by Robert McKimson and produced by Edward Selzer, with music composed by Carl W. Stalling. The film was originally published in the English language on an unspecified day in 1948.
"The Critical Legal Studies Movement" is a book written in English by Roberto Mangabeira Unger and published in the United States in 1983. It falls under the genre of law.
Irving Kirsch, a male researcher born on March 7, 1943, in New York City, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at the University of Southern California.
Saravanan is a male actor born on October 10, 1966, in Tamil Nadu, India. He is a citizen of India and an instance of a human.
Matteo Fabbro, a male citizen of Italy born on April 10, 1995, in Udine, is a professional sport cyclist.
Mozilla, a nonprofit organization founded by Netscape on February 28, 1998, operates in the open-source software industry with its headquarters located in San Francisco, and is led by Chief Executive Officer Mitchell Baker.
"The Edge of Evolution," authored by Michael Behe and published on June 5, 2007, by Free Press in the United States, is a written work.
Kiana Weber, a female violinist born in Chelsea, Michigan, plays the violin and was educated at the University of Michigan.
"Tore Down a la Rimbaud" is a single by Van Morrison, released on Mercury Records as part of the album "A Sense of Wonder." This Celtic music track was published in January 1985.
"Secret Fortune" is a game show television series that originated in the United Kingdom. It was created by Matthew Worthy and originally aired on BBC One in English.
"Witchcraft," a swing music song performed by Frank Sinatra and produced by Dave Cavanaugh, was released on Capitol Records in 1957.
"The Fighting Skipper" is a silent serial film directed by Francis Ford and starring Jack Perrin. It was distributed by Arrow Film Corporation and published on January 1, 1923.
John Wozniak, born on January 19, 1971, in Minneapolis, is a multi-talented artist who is a singer-songwriter and songwriter by profession, and he holds citizenship in the United States.
"Time Lines" is a jazz album released on Blue Note Records in 2006, performed by jazz musician Andrew Hill. It follows his previous album, "The Day the World Stood Still."
Tanya Sharma, born on September 27, 1995, is a female Indian actor known for her work in television.
"Queen of Chinatown" is a song and single by Amanda Lear, released as part of the album "I Am a Photograph" in 1977. It falls under the Euro disco genre.
Cineriz is an Italian business that was founded in 1956 by Angelo Rizzoli and had its headquarters in Rome. The company was dissolved in 1993.
The 2010 Billie Jean King Cup was a tennis tournament edition held in Manhattan, United States, as part of the BNP Paribas Showdown, taking place in 2010.
Taijo Teniste, a male football player born on January 31, 1988, in Tartu, Estonia, is a citizen of Estonia and plays association football as his profession.
"And the Big Men Fly" is a sport-themed written work authored by Alan Hopgood and published in 1963 by Heinemann in Australia.
Gertrude Mwangala is a female academic born in 1954 who is a citizen of Zambia. She was educated at the University of Zambia and currently resides in Livingstone, Zambia.
Ted Jennings, a human, played as a defensive end for the UConn Huskies football team and was educated at Chaminade Julienne High School.
Pablo Torrealba, a male citizen of Venezuela born on 28 April 1948 in Barquisimeto, was a professional baseball player.
Chintayami Manasa, a book of literary criticism authored by Suresh Joshi and published in 1983, received the Sahitya Akademi Award and focuses on the subject of literary criticism.
DreamForge Intertainment is a video game developer that was headquartered in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, and operated in the video game industry in the United States from 1990 until it dissolved in 2000.
Apache Tuscany is free software developed by The Apache Software Foundation and licensed under the Apache License. It supports both C++ and Java programming languages.
Petr Korda, a Czech citizen who resides in Monte Carlo, is a professional tennis player known as a human athlete. He has been involved in a significant event related to doping in sport, and his given name is Petr.
Towson University, founded in 1866, is a public university located in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. It is affiliated with the University System of Maryland.
The Duri--Tangerang railway, an Indonesian railway line officially opened in 1899, is owned by the Indonesian Railway Company and operated by KRL Commuterline. It is located in Jakarta, Indonesia.
The South Dakota Cultural Heritage Center is a heritage center located in Pierre, South Dakota, United States. It was established in 1989 and is operated by the South Dakota State Historical Society. Notably, it is distinct from the Museum of the South Dakota State Historical Society.
Space Rangers 2: Dominators is a video game published on June 17, 2005, by 1C Company. Developed by Elemental Games, it falls under the interactive fiction genre and is available on Microsoft Windows.
Natsagiin Bagabandi is a human who has been a member of the Mongolian People's Party, serving as both the General Secretary of the party and the President of Mongolia. He has also received notable awards, including the Order of Friendship and the Order of Sukhbaatar.
Olga Smorodskaya, a female citizen of Russia born on November 7, 1956, in Gomel, is a banker who was educated at the Plekhanov Russian University of Economics.
The 1979 Canadian Grand Prix, which took place on September 30, 1979, at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada, was an auto racing event that was part of the 1979 Formula One season.
Damon Williams, born on December 12, 1973, in Washington, D.C., is a male citizen of the United States who has had careers as both a basketball player and a basketball coach.
"Comparing Media Systems," authored by Paolo Mancini and Daniel C. Hallin, is a book published by Cambridge University Press in the United States in 2004.
Lowell Technological Institute was a college that was established in 1895 and located in Massachusetts, United States. It ceased operations in 1975 and was subsequently replaced by the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
"The Wandering Islands," a book of poetry authored by A.D. Hope, was published in Australia in 1955.
"Laughing in the Sunshine," a romance film directed by Daniel Birt and composed by Jules Sylvain, was published in 1956 and features Jane Hylton in the cast.
Missouri Route 465, a road located in Missouri, United States, was established in 2003 and is owned and maintained by the Missouri Department of Transportation.
Vemma is a multi-level marketing company and a pyramid scheme based in the United States, with its headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona. Founded on January 1, 2004, the company operates in the energy drink industry.
Richard Cramb, a male rugby union player born on September 7, 1963, in Falkirk, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and played for the Newcastle Falcons.
Arthit Tanusorn, a male football player born on February 16, 1975, in Saraburi, Thailand, is a citizen of Thailand and plays association football.
Crowes railway station is an abandoned train station located in Victoria, Australia. It was officially opened and came into existence in 1910.
Glen Tomlinson, a male rugby league player born on 18 March 1970 in Australia, is a citizen of Australia and a member of the Wakefield Trinity sports team.
Marvin Filipo, born on 20 March 1987 in Auckland, is a male rugby league player who holds citizenship in New Zealand.
Roy Andrew Miller, whose surname is Miller, is a male who was educated at Columbia University and received a Guggenheim Fellowship. He works at the University of Washington.
Susan Gunn, a female human born in Greater Manchester in 1965, is a painter who was educated at Norwich University of the Arts.
"Green River" is a song composed, produced, and written by John Fogerty, with lyrics also by him, and it was recorded by Beach Street Records. The song originates from the United States and follows "Bad Moon Rising" in the track sequence.
Detective Comics is a comic book published in the United States by DC Comics. It was authored by Bill Finger and started in 1937. The work is in the English language.
Villarreal CF B, an association football club based in Villarreal, Spain, was established in 1999 and plays in the Segunda División B league.
Marian Dora, born on January 1, 2000, in Southern Germany, is a German citizen who works as a director, film producer, and screenwriter.
Victoria Day is a film that was released in 2009. Directed and written by David Bezmozgis, the film features Mark Rendall in its cast and has music composed by Lesley Barber.
You Meihong, a female swimmer from China, was born on January 31, 1993, and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Vishwaroopam is a spy film directed, written, and starring Kamal Haasan, who also appears in the cast alongside Shekhar Kapur. The film was produced by Prasad V. Potluri.
"The Tale of Pigling Bland," a children's literature written work by Beatrix Potter, was published in England on an unspecified day in 1913 by Frederick Warne & Co.
"An Old-Fashioned Girl" is a novel authored by Louisa May Alcott and published in 1869 by Roberts Brothers in the United States.
"Clay," a drama film directed by Giorgio Mangiamele and produced in Australia, was released on January 1, 1966, though there is a mention of a January 1, 1965, date which seems to be an error or alternative reference.
"Gallows Thief" is a novel authored by Bernard Cornwell and published on October 1, 2001. It is a literary work set in London and originates from the United Kingdom.
Michele Romanow, a Canadian businessperson born on June 12, 1985, in Calgary, is a female citizen of Canada who was educated at Queen's University.
"Star Spangled Rhythm" is a musical film directed by George Marshall and distributed by Paramount Pictures, which also served as the production company. The film features Bob Hope and Albert Dekker among its cast members.
"A Ciambra" is an Italian film directed with cinematography by Tim Curtin, featuring narrative locations in Ciambra and Gioia Tauro. The film is in the Italian language and carries a kijkwijzer rating of 12, indicating it is suitable for viewers aged 12 and above.
"The Complex Rock Tour Live" is an experimental rock live album by the Blue Man Group, released in 2003. It follows their album "The Complex" and is followed by "Live at The Venetian -- Las Vegas."
Kevin Nicholson, born on October 2, 1980, in Derby, United Kingdom, is a male who has had careers as both a football player and a manager in association football.
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink, an ice sports venue owned by the city of Brașov and officially opened on January 1, 2010, is located in Brașov, Romania, and is primarily occupied by the ice hockey team CSM Corona Brașov.
Park Bit-na, a female figure skater from South Korea, was born on June 16, 1985, and participated in the ladies' figure skating event at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Julien Dacosta, born on 29 May 1996 in Marseille, is a professional football player who specializes as a defender for the sports team Chamois Niortais F.C.
Monica Elfvin, a female gymnast born on November 22, 1938, in Gothenburg, was an artistic gymnast who competed in the sport of artistic gymnastics.
Nicoleta Manu, born on December 3, 1980, in Piatra Neamț, is a female volleyball player from Romania.
"Mr. Bean's Holiday" is part of the Mr. Bean series and follows the film "Bean." It was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions and features cast members Julien Cottereau and Arsène Mosca. The movie was filmed in Cannes.
Maine State Route 145, which was established in 1925, is a road owned and maintained by the Maine Department of Transportation and is located in Maine, United States.
Emanuel Olivera, a male football player born on April 2, 1990, in Buenos Aires, plays association football and is a citizen of Argentina.
"The Rain People" is a drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and released on January 1, 1969. The film features Shirley Knight and Alan Manson in its cast.
Zack Weiss, a male baseball player born on June 16, 1992, in Irvine, California, is a citizen of the United States and plays baseball as his occupation.
"The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat," a novel authored by Enid Blyton and published by Methuen Publishing in the United Kingdom on an unspecified day in 1944, is an instance of a literary work that falls under the mystery genre.
Vadym Sapay, born on February 7, 1986, in Yuzhnoukrainsk, is a male football player from Ukraine who plays association football as his profession.
"The ABC of Castro Alves" is a literary work that was published as a novel and a biography in Brazil in 1941, authored by Jorge Amado.
Rania Elwani, born on October 14, 1977, in Cairo, Egypt, is a female citizen of Egypt who works as both a politician and a sports administrator.
Lamonte Hunley, a male American football player born on January 31, 1963, played as a linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts.
"The 5th Quarter" is an English-language film from the United States, primarily set and filmed in North Carolina. The film features Andie MacDowell in the cast and includes a character named Jon Abbate.
JAL Express, an airline headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, was established in January 1997 and operated with a hub at Haneda Airport until it was dissolved on September 30, 2014.
"The Wonderful Day," a 1932 French film produced and distributed by Pathé, features cast members Jean Aquistapace and André Alerme and was produced in France.
Manu Busto, a male football player born on October 7, 1980, in Santander, Spain, is a Spanish citizen who plays association football.
Marbo Product is a Serbian enterprise and business that was founded on April 16, 1995, and is headquartered in Belgrade. It is owned by PepsiCo.
The Konkan Railway Corporation, a business entity and part of the Indian Railways, was established on July 19, 1990, and operates in the rail transport industry under the parent organization Indian Railways. Its headquarters are located in Navi Mumbai.
Robert Barney Dallenbach, a male human born on August 6, 1927, was the General Superintendent of Pillar of Fire International and received his education at Alma White College.
Adam Arthur, a human with the given name Adam and the surname Arthur, is a midfielder who plays for the West Virginia Alliance FC.
Hughie McIlmoyle, a male football player from Port Glasgow, was born on January 29, 1940, and is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He played association football as his sport.
"I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home" is a country music single performed by David Frizzell, published on April 1, 1982, by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.
Ed Ronan, a male ice hockey player born on March 21, 1968, in Quincy, Massachusetts, is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of ice hockey.
The Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot, designed by architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood, was built in 1991 and is located in Greeley, Colorado, United States. This train station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Macaulay Culkin, born on 26 August 1980 in Manhattan, United States, is a versatile artist with occupations including film actor, stage actor, and musician.
Beatrice Helg, a Swiss photographer born on March 8, 1956, in Geneva, is a female citizen of Switzerland who was educated at the California College of the Arts.
Studienstiftung, a registered association founded in 1925, is headquartered in Bonn, Germany, where it operates as a voluntary association under German law.
Victor Oreskovich, a male ice hockey player born on August 15, 1986, in Whitby, Ontario, is a Canadian citizen who plays the sport of ice hockey.
"Ash Road" is a children's literature book written by Ivan Southall and published on January 1, 1965, by Angus & Robertson in Australia.
Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, a shipbuilding company headquartered in San Francisco, was owned by Bethlehem Steel and operated in the United States from 1905 until it was dissolved in 1997.
Penzance railway station, located in Penzance, United Kingdom, is a train station that was officially opened in 1852. It is operated by Great Western Railway and is named after the town of Penzance.
The Oceania Football Confederation, an international sports governing body for association football, was established on November 15, 1966, and operates in the region of Oceania with its headquarters located in Auckland, New Zealand.
Sam Golzari, born on July 12, 1979, in Hammersmith, is a British actor who works in both films and television.
The Warsaw Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Warsaw, Indiana, United States, which includes a courthouse and is known for its Renaissance Revival architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rafael Argullol, a human who speaks and writes in the Catalan language, is an accomplished author known for writing both novels and essays. He was educated at the Free University of Berlin and has received the City of Barcelona Award.
"Carry On Jatta" is a romantic comedy drama film distributed by White Hill Studios, starring Gurpreet Ghuggi, Binnu Dhillon, and Rana Ranbir.
Nariyuki Masuda, born on October 23, 1983, in Sendai, Japan, is a male sport cyclist who holds Japanese citizenship.
The film "Frantic" was written by Gérard Brach, produced by Thom Mount, and features Harrison Ford along with cast members Marcel Bluwal and Gérard Klein. The original language of the film is English.
Marc Gual, a male football player born on March 13, 1996, in Badalona, Spain, plays association football and is a citizen of Spain.
Fight Night is a sports game video game series developed and published by Electronic Arts, available on platforms such as the PlayStation Portable and Xbox console.
Marley Shelton, a female human, is known for her work and education at the University of California, Los Angeles. Her full name is Marley Shelton, and she is categorized under the main category of "Category:Marley Shelton."
Tandy Corporation, founded on January 1, 1919, is a trading company and video game publisher headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
"The Jelly Roll Joys" is a jazz and avant-garde album released in 1991 under the record label Gazell. It was performed by Dave Burrell.
Xue Ming, born on February 23, 1987, in Beijing, is a female volleyball player who holds citizenship in China.
KK Partizan, a basketball team founded in 1945, is part of JSD Partizan and plays in the Basketball League of Serbia. Based in Serbia, the team specializes in basketball.
Allan Lewis, born on 31 May 1971 in Pontypridd, is a football player who specializes as a defender for Cardiff City F.C., where he plays association football.
"The Printer's Devil" is a comedy-drama film directed by William Beaudine and released on August 21, 1923. The film features Wesley Barry and Harry Myers in its cast.
"Thisai Maariya Paravaigal" is a drama film produced by P.S. Veerappa and released in 1979. It features Sarath Babu as a cast member and was composed by M.S. Viswanathan.
Lucas Lezcano, born on July 9, 1999, in Villa Ballester, is a professional football player who specializes as a forward for Chacarita Juniors.
"Snakeoil" is a jazz album performed by Tim Berne, published on January 27, 2012, under ECM Records with Manfred Eicher as the producer.
Weingart Stadium, an instance of a stadium located in California, United States, was officially opened in 1951 and is occupied by East Los Angeles College, primarily for field hockey events.
Anne Smith is a female football player born on September 27, 1951, in New Zealand. She is a citizen of New Zealand and plays association football as her sport.
The Mission Man Band is a reality television series originating from the United States, featuring cast members Rich Cronin, Jeff Timmons, and Chris Kirkpatrick.
"Bachelor's Paradise," a silent film directed by George Archainbaud and edited by Robert J. Kern, was published in 1928 in the United States.
The 2018 Taiwan Open was an edition of the WTA Taiwan Open, a tennis tournament that is part of the WTA International tournaments series. It took place in Taipei, Taiwan, in 2018.
San Domenico in Perugia, Italy, is a minor basilica that was founded on January 17, 1401. It features Gothic architecture and was designed by the architect Carlo Maderno.
Jamie Croft, born on August 4, 1981, in Sydney, is an Australian actor who works in both films and television.
"Sunrise Earth" is a nature documentary and documentary film that originated from the United States. Created by David G. Conover, the film was started in 2004.
"Fluid Rustle" is an album released on ECM Records in 1979, performed by Eberhard Weber and produced by Manfred Eicher. It follows the album "Silent Feet."
Isidro Sánchez Macip, a male football player born on June 5, 1987, in Puebla, Mexico, is a citizen of Mexico and plays association football as his sport.
"The Central Park Five" is a documentary film produced by PBS and IFC Films, distributed by IFC Films. It was originally made in the English language and its country of origin is the United States.
Laura Benz, a female ice hockey player born on August 25, 1992, in Kloten, Switzerland, participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
"Film Noir" is an album by Carly Simon, released on September 16, 1997, under Arista Records. Produced by Arif Mardin, it follows her previous album, "Clouds in My Coffee."
"Otherworld Barbara," a science fiction comic and an instance of josei manga, was authored by Moto Hagio and published in the magazine "Flowers." It ran from July 27, 2002, to June 28, 2005.
Shula Marks, a female historian born on October 14, 1938, in Cape Town, South Africa, is a citizen of South Africa and was educated at the University of Cape Town.
AFL Premiership 2005 is a sports game developed by Transmission Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 2. It was released on September 22, 2005.
Mirka Francia, born on February 14, 1975, in Santa Clara, Cuba, is a female volleyball player who holds Cuban citizenship.
"The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea" is a novel written by Yukio Mishima and published as a written work by Kodansha on September 10, 1963.
Francesco Cosenza, born on February 5, 1986, in Locri, Italy, is a male football player who plays association football as his profession.
Kim Hyok-bong, a male table tennis player from Pyongyang, North Korea, was born on October 28, 1985, and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Valeri Nenenko, born on 30 March 1950 in Voronezh, was a male citizen of the Soviet Union who had a career as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"A Return to Love," a self-help book authored by Marianne Williamson and published by HarperCollins, was first published in the United States in 1992.
Rosa-Maria Ryyti, a Finnish model and beauty pageant contestant born on June 13, 1994, in Oulu, is a female citizen of Finland.
Shimoga Subbanna, a male citizen of both the British Raj and India, was born on December 14, 1938, in the Kingdom of Mysore, and he is known as a singer.
Kedleston Hall is an English country house and historic house museum located in Kedleston, United Kingdom. It is owned and managed by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty.
Tom Karabachian, born on January 11, 1997, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is a multifaceted actor who works in both films and television.
Pansa Hemviboon is a male football player born on July 8, 1990, in Chanthaburi Province, Thailand. He is a citizen of Thailand and plays association football as his sport.
The Barbara Jordan Career Center is a high school located in the Houston Independent School District, specifically in Texas, United States. It is a special school named after Barbara Jordan.
Rock 'n' Roll Adventures is a platform video game developed by Data Design Interactive and published for Microsoft Windows on September 17, 2007, with its country of origin being the United Kingdom.
"The City Outside the World" is a science fantasy book authored by Lin Carter and published on January 1, 1977, by Berkley Books in the United States.
Kerry Burke, whose full name is Kerry Burke, is a member of the New Zealand Labour Party. He has held the positions of Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives and Member of Parliament for the West Coast electorate. Kerry Burke was educated at Linwood College.
Allstar Weekend is a rock and pop band that was formed on January 1, 2007, in San Diego, United States. They specialize in pop music and are signed with Hollywood Records.
Leni Robredo, a female citizen of the Philippines born on April 23, 1964, in Naga, Camarines Sur, is both a lawyer and a politician.
Brooke Chaplen, a female football player born on April 16, 1989, in Portsmouth, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football as her sport.
Palmer Home for Children, founded on January 1, 1895, is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Columbus, Mississippi, United States.
"The Buddy System" is a film distributed by 20th Century Fox, featuring a cast including Susan Sarandon, Jean Stapleton, and Wil Wheaton. The film falls under the genres of romantic comedy and comedy-drama.
Metamorphabet is a puzzle/jigsaw video game published on April 29, 2015, originating from the United States. It is available on the iOS platform through the Humble Store.
Catharina Neelissen, a female rower born on November 4, 1961, in Haarlem, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, participated in the women's eight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Cinmeon Bowers, a male basketball player born on May 1, 1993, in Racine, Wisconsin, played for the Auburn Tigers basketball team.
"Tales of the Bounty Hunters," a science fiction book published on December 3, 1996, by Bantam Spectra, was authored by Kevin J. Anderson and originates from the United States.
Lin Chien-hsun, born on January 10, 1993, in Taiwan, is an association football player who specializes as a midfielder and plays for Taiwan Power Company F.C.
Cui Jian, born on August 2, 1961, in Beijing, China, is a multifaceted artist with occupations including film director, songwriter, and singer.
Federico Ricci is a male Italian football player born on 27 May 1994 in Rome, who plays association football as his occupation.
"The Golden Hour" is a novel written by Maiya Williams and published in the United States on an unspecified date in 2004. It is an English-language written work.
Joel Zayas, born on September 17, 1977, in Asunción, Paraguay, is a male citizen of Paraguay who has had careers as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"A Place in Time" is a documentary film directed by Angelina Jolie and composed by Wyclef Jean. It was published in the United States in 2007.
Tuborg Brewery, a brewing business founded in Denmark in 1873, is headquartered in Copenhagen and is owned by the Carlsberg Group.
"The Cheap Detective" is an English-language film produced by Rastar and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Margaret Booth served as the producer, and the cast includes Stockard Channing and the songwriter Paul Williams.
Ian Goodenough, born on July 3, 1975, in Singapore, is an Australian citizen who has had diverse career roles as a real estate developer, accountant, and politician.
Al-Arafah Islami Bank Limited is a public limited company headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Established in 1995, the bank operates in the finance industry.
Cricket Wireless, a business in the mobile phone industry, was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in San Diego, California. It operates under its parent organization, AT&T, and is based in the United States, although there seems to be an error regarding its country being listed as France, which typically does not apply to a company headquartered in San Diego.
"Trafic" is a film with a narrative set in France, directed by Bert Haanstra. Despite being set in France, the film has multiple countries of origin, including France and Italy, and it was produced in both English and Dutch languages.
Minnesota State Highway 251, owned and maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation, is a road located in Minnesota, United States. It was established on July 1, 1949.
The Göltzsch Viaduct, a railway bridge and stone bridge located in Netzschkau, was designed and structurally engineered by Johann Andreas Schubert. It is designated as a Kulturdenkmal.
Jonathan Sykes, a male citizen of The Bahamas born on March 9, 1990, in Nassau, is an association football player.
Sara Louise Treacy, a female citizen of the Republic of Ireland born on June 22, 1989, is an athletics competitor who participated in the sport of athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
"The Biggest Prize in Sport" is a punk rock album by the band 999, produced by Vic Maile and released on Polydor Records in 1979.
"Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen" is a non-fiction book published in Finland on January 1, 2008, by the publisher Tammi. The book was authored by Jaana Kapari-Jatta.
Washington State Route 174 is a road located in Washington state, United States, which was established in 1964. It is owned and maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Ajoy Biswas, a male citizen of India born in the year 2000, is a politician who holds the position of Member of the Tripura Legislative Assembly as part of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).
Laura Osorio, born on November 28, 1995, is a female model whose full name is Laura Osorio.
Sidney Parkinson, a male boxer born on May 6, 1938, in Wakefield, has the given name Sidney and competed in the sport of boxing.
The Department of Social Services in Australia was established on January 1, 2013, and is headquartered in Canberra. It is an entity of the Australian government, operating under the Government of Australia, and includes the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services, and Indigenous Affairs as one of its subsidiaries.
Young Ireland's GAA, based in Limerick, is a hurling sports club that was founded in 1898. Its headquarters are located in Limerick, which is part of County Limerick in the Republic of Ireland.
"Locust" is a drama film directed by Egor Baranov and published in 2013. The film features Paulina Andreeva and Pyotr Fyodorov as cast members.
Graham Cave is a cave and archaeological site located in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. It holds significant historical value, being designated as both a National Historic Landmark and a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mahdi Mohammadian, born on March 5, 1997, in Tabriz, is a professional football player who specializes as a goalkeeper for the sports team Tractor S.C., where he plays association football.
Masato Fukae, a male baseball player born on September 5, 1987, in Sagamihara, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays the sport of baseball.
Roberto Jaguaribe, a male citizen of Brazil born on December 27, 1952, is both a diplomat and a politician who was educated at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro.
"Reaper," a novel written by Ben Mezrich, was published in 1998 by HarperCollins in the United States. It falls under the genre of a novel.
The Lincoln Saltdogs are a baseball team based in the United States, founded in 2001. They play in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball and their home venue is Haymarket Park.
Steven Griffiths, a male politician born on 25 May 1962 in Adelaide, Australia, is a member of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Touchstones Rochdale, a public library and museum located in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, United Kingdom, was established in 1883 and is operated by Rochdale Borough Council.
Toru Murata, whose family name is Murata and given name is Toru, is a human from Japan who played as a starting pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.
Napoleon Perdis, a male born on 19 March 1970 in Australia, is a makeup artist and businessperson who holds citizenship of Australia.
Ampang Park LRT station, located underground in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, is a train station that was opened on June 1, 1999, and is owned by Prasarana Malaysia.
"Eisenbahn-Romantik" is a television documentary that premiered on April 7, 1991, on SWR Fernsehen in Germany. The show is presented by Hagen von Ortloff.
Tavon Young, born on March 14, 1994, in Oxon Hill, Maryland, is an American football player who played for the Temple Owls football team and is currently a member of the Baltimore Ravens.
Lynda Schlegel Culver, a female politician born on an unspecified day in 2000 in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, is a citizen of the United States and attended Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania.
"Flash and Bones," a novel authored by Kathy Reichs and published by Charles Scribner's Sons in the United States on an unspecified day in 2011, is an instance of written work.
Nat Borchers is a human who plays as a defender in association football. He is a member of both the Colorado Rapids U-23 team and the United States men's national soccer team, and he participates in Major League Soccer representing the United States.
Blue Star SC is an association football club based in Sri Lanka, founded in 1978. The club plays in the Sri Lanka Champions League and their home venue is Kalutara Stadium.
Denza is a business in the automotive industry, headquartered in Shenzhen, China. It was founded on May 1, 2010, and is owned by BYD Auto.
"Last Chance Harvey" is a romantic comedy and romance film written by Joel Hopkins and starring Patrick Baladi, Liane Balaban, and James Brolin.
David Lander, a male actor and voice actor with the full name David Lander, is married to Kathy Fields.
"The Blue Elephant" is a horror film directed by Marwan Hamed, written by Ahmed Mourad, and featuring Karim Abdel Aziz in the cast. It was published in 2014.
"An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer" is a satirical live album by Tom Lehrer, published on Reprise Records in 1959. It follows his previous album, "Songs by Tom Lehrer."
Aaron McIntosh, born on January 7, 1972, in Auckland, New Zealand, is a New Zealand citizen who works as both a sailor and a windsurfer.
Nick Pocock, born on December 15, 1951, in Maracaibo, is a male cricketer who holds citizenship of the United Kingdom.
Katherine L. Adams, whose full name is Katherine Adams, is a female who was educated at Brown University and the University of Chicago Law School. She works at Columbia Law School.
The UEFA Euro 1980 Final was an association football match played on July 1980 in Rome. The match involved teams from both Germany and Belgium.
Walter Viitala, a male football player born on January 9, 1992, in Helsinki, Finland, participated in the 2017-18 Danish Superliga.
Yangon United F.C., an association football club based in Yangon, Myanmar, was founded in 2009 and is owned by Tay Za.
"Hiroshima," a docudrama film originally in the Japanese language, features John Hopkins as the screenwriter and includes cast members James Bradford, Serge Christiaenssens, and Wesley Addy.
Trenna Keating is a Canadian actress who was born in Weyburn and currently resides in Toronto. She is a female citizen of Canada and attended the University of Regina.
Xiapu railway station, which is part of the Wenzhou-Fuzhou railway and operated by China Railway Nanchang Group, was inaugurated on September 28, 2009, in Xiapu County, China.
"Nice Package" is a comedy film directed by Dan MacArthur and written by Melanie Poole. It was published in 2013 and features Dwayne Cameron in its cast.
"Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle" is a fantasy television series from the United States that originally aired on CBS. The show stars Robert Ridgely and was distributed by Warner Bros. Television.
Paul H. Kocher, a male, was educated at both Stanford University and Columbia University, works at Stanford University, and has received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
"A Town Called Panic" is a comedy film written by Vincent Patar, which was released on multiple dates: September 17, 2009, October 28, 2009, and November 13, 2009. The film features the character French Cowboy.
"Nazz III" is a psychedelic rock album released on May 1, 1971, by the band Nazz through Colgems Records, and it follows their previous album "Nazz Nazz."
Alberto Louzeiro, born on 22 November 1982 in Santiago do Cacém, Portugal, is a male football player who plays association football.
Rommell Ibarra, a male athlete born on 24 March 2000 in Caracas, is a football player and holds citizenship of Venezuela.
The Prince of Wales Theatre, a Grade II listed building located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, is owned by Delfont Mackintosh Theatres and was designed by architect Charles J. Phipps.
Diego Cristin is a male tennis player from Argentina, born on April 5, 1981. He is a human who plays tennis professionally.
The 1938 PGA Championship, an instance of the PGA Championship held in the United States at The Shawnee Inn & Golf Resort, was a golf tournament that took place in 1938, with Paul Runyan emerging as the winner.
Matty Young, born on 25 October 1985 in Leeds, United Kingdom, is a male association football player.
"The Old Man and the Bureaucrats," a literary work that falls under both novel and novella genres, was authored by Mircea Eliade and published in France in 1968.
"The Lion" is a novel written by Joseph Kessel, published in 1958 by Gallimard Jeunesse in France. It is an instance of a written work.
Patrick Sussek, a male football player born on February 8, 2000, in Ingolstadt, plays as a midfielder for FC Ingolstadt 04.
The Olms, an indie pop band from California, United States, was formed in 2011 and includes Pete Yorn as a member.
The Sprengel Museum, an art museum located in Hanover, Germany, was officially opened in 1979. Designed by architect Peter Trint, the museum was established in 1979.
The film "Going My Way" received the Academy Award for Best Picture and the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, as well as the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and the Academy Award for Best Picture.
"Save the Lady" is an English-language film directed by Leon Thau and produced by Barry Pierce. It was released in 1982 and features Bill Kerr among its cast members.
461 Fifth Avenue, a skyscraper located in Manhattan, New York, United States, was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill and completed in 1989. It is currently owned by SL Green Realty.
Manga is a male football player born on 26 April 1937 in Recife, Brazil. He participated in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.
Rock Manager is a business simulation video game for Microsoft Windows that was published by DreamCatcher Interactive and released on DVD on June 30, 2002.
Higashi-Tokorozawa Station is a train station in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan, which was established in 1973. It is operated by the East Japan Railway Company and is connected to the Musashino Line.
"Poured Lines" is a painting created by Ian Davenport in 2006, located on Southwark Street in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Asuman Karakoyun, a female volleyball player from Turkey, was born on July 16, 1990, in Istanbul.
The Centre Daily Times, a newspaper based in State College, Pennsylvania, was founded in 1898 and is owned by McClatchy. It originates from and is published in the United States.
Kersten Artus, a female citizen of Germany born on April 1, 1964, in Bremen, is both a journalist and a politician.
Flock! is a puzzle video game published on April 7, 2009, for Microsoft Windows. It was developed in the United Kingdom and published by Capcom.
Matsudo-Shinden Station, a train station in Matsudo, Japan, operated by Shin-Keisei Electric Railway, was inaugurated on April 21, 1955, and is connected to the Shin-Keisei Line.
Stephen Youll, a male artist born on June 8, 1965, in Hartlepool, United Kingdom, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and was educated at the University of Sunderland.
Nicholas Eberstadt, born on December 20, 1955, in New York City, is a male economist and citizen of the United States who works for the American Enterprise Institute.
Zuidveen is a village located in Steenwijkerland, which is part of the Netherlands. It uses both the Dutch language and the Stellingwarfs dialect.
Anastasia Bezrukova, born on January 5, 2004, in Moscow, Russia, is a multifaceted professional who works as a model and actor.
"Secret of the Wings" is an animated feature film directed by Peggy Holmes and produced by John Lasseter. It was released on two different dates: October 26, 2012, and November 15, 2012, and notably passes the Bechdel Test.
Southwestern Illinois College, a public community college founded in 1946, is located in Belleville, Illinois, United States, and its main category is listed under Southwestern Illinois College.
Guy Malherbe, a male politician born on April 9, 1946, in Montpellier, France, is a citizen of France and has been awarded the Knight of the Legion of Honour.
George Andguladze, a male singer born on August 6, 1984, in Tbilisi, is a citizen of Georgia.
Brian Muller, a male citizen of New Zealand born on 11 June 1942 in Eltham, is a rugby union player.
Delaware Route 273, a road maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation, was established in 1936 and is located in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.
La Symphonie fantastique is a French production with its country of origin and narrative location both in France. It was made by Continental Films and features cast members Julien Bertheau and Lise Delamare, with Armand Thirard as the director of photography.
FC Maritsa Plovdiv, an association football club based in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, was founded on September 21, 1921, and currently plays in the Third Amateur Football League of Bulgaria.
Affiliated Managers Group is a public company in the financial services industry, founded in 1980. Its headquarters are located in Beverly, Massachusetts, and it operates as an enterprise in the business sector.
The FC Barcelona Museum, which opened officially on September 24, 1984, is a sports museum owned by FC Barcelona and located in Barcelona, Spain. It was inaugurated in 1984.
"A Woman as a Friend" is an Italian film produced by Fandango and distributed by Warner Bros. The film features Monica Scattini and Antonia Liskova in its cast and is originally from Italy.
The Kestrel is a liquid-propellant rocket engine developed and manufactured by SpaceX in the United States. It was designed by Tom Mueller and is distinct from the Kestrel USA.
Guarani FC is a Brazilian association football club founded on April 2, 1911, with its headquarters in Campinas. The club plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
"Hemingway Adventure" is a travel literature book authored by Michael Palin, published in the United Kingdom in 1999. The book falls under the genre of travel literature and its author is known as a novelist.
Watson Chapel High School, founded on January 1, 1890, is a state high school located in Arkansas, United States, and it is part of the Watson Chapel School District.
Yevgeny Miller, who was educated at the Nikolaevskaya Cavalry School, served as a lieutenant general in the Russian Empire with allegiance to it. He commanded the 7th Belorusky Hussar Regiment and received the Order of Saint Stanislaus, both in its 3rd and 2nd classes.
Erica Risseeuw, a female figure skater born on July 11, 1990, in Calgary, Canada, is a Canadian citizen who competes in the sport of figure skating.
Len Haley, a male ice hockey player born on September 15, 1931, in Edmonton, Canada, has dedicated his career to the sport of ice hockey.
"Rough Ride," an autobiography written by Paul Kimmage, was published as a book in 1998. The main subject of the book is cycling, specifically road bicycle racing.
Francinne is a female singer born on January 1, 1991, in Porto Alegre, Brazil. She is a citizen of Brazil and is an instance of a human.
"Power of Inner Strength" is a groove metal album released on January 1, 1995, by the band Grip Inc., under the record label SPV GmbH. It was produced by Waldemar Sorychta.
The Dodsal Group, a conglomerate founded in 1948 and headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, is owned by Rajen A. Kilachand and operates in the distribution and marketing industry.
"The Literature Express" is a Georgian novel written by Lasha Bugadze and published in 2009. The work is originally in the Georgian language and originates from Georgia.
Israel Rosh, born on March 5, 1988, in Ashdod, Israel, is a male football player who plays association football.
Karine Kazinian is a female citizen of Armenia who was educated at Yerevan State University and has received the Mkhitar Gosh Medal.
"Mask of Smiles," a pop rock album performed by John Waite, was released on EMI Records in 1985. It follows John Waite's previous album, "No Brakes."
Naujoji Vilnia railway station, which opened officially in 1860, is a train station located in Vilnius, Lithuania. It is owned by Lithuanian Railways and is adjacent to the Pavilnys train station.
Atkins High School, located in Pope County, Arkansas, is part of the Atkins School District and was established on January 1, 1893. It is a state school and high school in the United States.
Matheus Cavichioli, a male football player born on 27 July 1986 in Caçador, Brazil, plays association football as his职业是足球运动员，他于1986年7月27日出生在巴西的卡萨多尔，是一名足球运动员。\n\n为了使描述更加流畅自然：\nMatheus Cavichioli 是一名出生于1986年7月27日的巴西足球运动员，他的出生地是卡萨多尔，性别为男性。
"The Only Girl" is a musical film directed by Friedrich Hollaender and composed by Franz Waxman, which was published in 1933. The film features Lilian Harvey as a cast member.
Laud Quartey, a male football player born on 11 March 1984 in Ghana, is a citizen of Ghana and plays association football as his profession.
Arizona State Route 277, a road maintained by the Arizona Department of Transportation, was established in 1962 and is located in Arizona, United States.
Erik Thorell, a male ice hockey player born on March 3, 1992, in Karlstad, Sweden, is a citizen of Sweden and plays the sport of ice hockey.
James Driscoll, a male citizen of the United States born on October 9, 1977, in Boston, is a professional golfer.
Kyenjojo District, named after the town of Kyenjojo, is a district in the Western Region of Uganda. Its capital is also Kyenjojo, and it falls under the category of districts in Uganda.
Télé Liban, a state broadcasting television network that operates in Lebanon, was founded on 28 May 1959. Its headquarters are located in Beirut, and it serves the entire country of Lebanon.
Phil Bardsley, a male football player born on 28 June 1985 in Salford, United Kingdom, plays association football as his profession.
Mark Lebedew, a male volleyball player from Australia, was born on 6 May 1967 in Adelaide.
"The Cooler" is an American film set in the Las Vegas Valley, primarily focusing on gambling. The movie, originally in English, features Timothy Landfield and Alec Baldwin among its cast members.
"The Abbey Road Sessions" is a compilation album by Kylie Minogue, released on October 24, 2012, under the Parlophone record label. It falls under the orchestral pop genre and is part of Kylie Minogue's compilation albums discography.
Patrick Pinney, a male citizen of the United States born on 30 June 1952 in Los Angeles, is an actor and voice actor.
Chipo Mugeri, a female cricketer born on March 2, 1992, in Zimbabwe, is a citizen of Zimbabwe and plays the sport of cricket.
"Going Sane" is an Australian comedy film directed by Michael Robertson and released on January 1, 1987. John Waters stars in the film.
Alessandro Bonsanti, a male citizen of Italy (formerly the Kingdom of Italy), served as the mayor of Florence and was a member of the Italian Republican Party.
"Rupert and the Frog Song" is an animated short film produced by Paul McCartney, directed by Geoff Dunbar, and distributed by MPL Communications. The film, which is in the English language, was published on May 3, 1984.
The Up! Tour, a concert tour performed by Shania Twain, began on September 25, 2003, and ended on July 10, 2004. It followed the Come On Over Tour and was succeeded by the Shania: Still the One tour.
"Jalouse" is a comedy film directed by David Foenkinos and co-written by both Stéphane Foenkinos and David Foenkinos. The cast includes Stéphane Foenkinos and Thibault de Montalembert.
"That'll Be the Day" is a rockabilly album by Buddy Holly, produced by Owen Bradley and released on Decca Records on April 1, 1958.
"Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India" is a biography written in English and published in India in 2003. The book focuses on Swami Vivekananda and is an instance of a book.
"The Last Straw," a silent film directed by Denison Clift and featuring Buck Jones in the cast, was published on February 14, 1920, in the United States.
Sakudaira Station, which opened in 1997, is a train station operated by the East Japan Railway Company and located in Saku, Nagano, Japan. It is connected to the Hokuriku Shinkansen line.
Lewis Baines, born on October 10, 1998, in Brighton, is a professional football player who specializes as a defender for Fleetwood Town F.C., playing association football.
"The World of Don Camillo" is a comedy film directed by and produced by Terence Hill, based on the works of Giovannino Guareschi, starring Franco Diogene and Andy Luotto.
William W. Hallo, a male scholar who was educated at the University of Chicago, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and worked at Yale University.
Ester Workel, a female rower born on 18 March 1975 in Enschede, participated in the women's eight event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and holds citizenship in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
"Phylogenesis," a science fiction novel authored by Alan Dean Foster and published by Del Rey Books in 1999, is a literary work originating from the United States.
The 1968 Wimbledon Championships was an edition of The Championships, Wimbledon, a tennis tournament held in the United Kingdom. It took place in June 1968, starting on June 24, 1968.
The Muscular Dystrophy Association, a nonprofit organization founded in 1950, is headquartered in Chicago, United States, where it focuses its work on muscular dystrophy.
"What a Man My Man Is" is a country pop album by Lynn Anderson, produced by Glenn Sutton and released on Columbia Records in 1974.
Kotohira Station, a train station in Kotohira, Kagawa, Japan, was established on May 23, 1889, and is operated by the Shikoku Railway Company. It serves the Dosan Line.
Paulo Pedroso, a male politician born on 28 April 1965 in Aveiro, Portugal, is a citizen of Portugal and holds the position of Member of the Assembly of the Republic.
August Makalakalane is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for FC Baden.
William Fry, a male citizen of Australia, was a Victorian politician who went by the name William with the surname Fry. He was educated at the University of Melbourne and was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor.
Nicky Deuce is a film produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment. The movie features cast members Steve Schirripa and Tony Sirico and has origins in both the United States and Canada.
Nathan Watkins, a male citizen of the United States born on April 26, 1977, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of the Charlotte Eagles sports team.
Mariano Trujillo, a male football player born on 19 May 1977 in Mexico City, is a citizen of Mexico and plays association football.
Patti Clare, a female actor born on September 21, 1958, in Manchester, is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Today's Special is a comedy film written by Aasif Mandvi and starring Ajay Naidu, Madhur Jaffrey, and Naseeruddin Shah, with the original language of the film being English.
Waygara railway station is an abandoned train station located in Victoria, Australia. It was officially opened in 1916 and is connected to the Gippsland railway line.
Dalseong Park station, which officially opened on April 23, 2015, is a train station in South Korea operated by the Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation and serves as a stop on the Daegu Metro Line 3.
"Night Train" is a country music song performed by Jason Aldean and was released as a single on June 24, 2013. It is part of Jason Aldean's album titled "Night Train."
Taeli Ramashalane, a male football player born on January 1, 1980, in Lesotho, is a citizen of Lesotho and plays association football.
Mary Tyler Moore, whose given name is Mary, was a renowned actor and voice actor who received both a Special Tony Award and a Tony Award, and was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
Taylor Symmank, born on October 2, 1992, in McKinney, Texas, is an American football player who specializes as a punter. He played for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team.
"Spell -- Dolce mattatoio" is a drama film written by Alberto Cavallone, starring Paola Montenero and Josiane Tanzilli. The film is originally in Italian and was produced in Italy.
Peter Darke, a male football player from Exeter, was born on December 21, 1953, and plays association football. He is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Shopify, a company founded by Tobias Lütke in 2012, is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, and operates as a software provider.
Jay Watson, born on 27 May 1990 in Australia, is a citizen of Australia and works as a songwriter, singer, and guitarist.
Giorgio Spizzichino, born on August 10, 1999, in Rome, is a professional football player who specializes as a defender for S.S. Lazio.
Edison Caicedo, a male football player born on March 13, 1990, in Esmeraldas, Ecuador, is a citizen of Ecuador and plays association football as his sport.
Oregon Route 131, which became a state highway on September 19, 2002, is owned and maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation and is located in Oregon, United States.
Bertrand Blanc, born on 29 October 1973 in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, France, is a male ski mountaineer who competes in the sport of ski mountaineering.
Stephen Boyd is a male American football player born on August 22, 1972, in Valley Stream, New York. He is a citizen of the United States and plays the sport of American football.
Rick Leonard, a male American football player born on November 22, 1996, in Middletown, Maryland, plays for the Los Angeles Rams.
Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings, a business headquartered in Hong Kong and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, was founded in 1991 and is currently owned by Pou Chen Corporation.
"The Shelbourne Ultimatum," a novel authored by Paul Howard and published by Penguin Books on October 2, 2012, is part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
"The Arcadian" is a science fiction film from the United States, directed and written by Dekker Dreyer, with J. Larose as a cast member.
"Alwin der Letzte" is a comedy film from Germany directed by Hubert Hoelzke and composed by Hans Hendrik Wehding. It was published on September 23, 1960.
Aditi Avasthi, a human born on December 10, 1981, in Ludhiana, is a female who was educated at the University of Chicago and received the BBC's 100 Women award.
Lidya Tchakerian, a female painter born in Beirut on an unspecified day in 1959, is a citizen of Lebanon and received her education at the Lebanese Academy of Fine Arts.
Vatican Media, a specialty channel owned by the Roman Curia, was founded in 1983 and is based in Vatican City, where it was also formed.
The Carneal House, a contributing property with Georgian architecture, is located in Covington, Kentucky, United States, and is part of the Riverside Drive Historic District.
Two California Plaza is a skyscraper located in California, United States, which was designed by architect Arthur Erickson and completed in 1992. It is owned by the Los Angeles Downtown News.
Lanre Kehinde is a male Nigerian football player born on May 7, 1994, in Lagos, who plays association football as his occupation.
Lacina Traoré, a male football player from Ivory Coast, was born on 20 August 1990 in Abidjan.
Hugh Cassidy, born on December 31, 1935, in San Francisco, is a male powerlifter who is a citizen of the United States.
"Hell to Pay," a drama film directed by Jay Jennings and released on January 1, 2014, features Charles Santore in its cast and is an American production.
"Saigon Electric" is a Vietnamese-language film directed and written by Stephane Gauger, which was released on March 12, 2011, and features Elly Tran Ha in its cast.
Gunnar Martinsson is a male Swedish football player who specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Malmö FF.
Jason Christiansen, a male baseball player from the United States, was born on September 21, 1969, in Omaha, Nebraska.
Walter Riggs, a male American football player, played for the Auburn Tigers while studying at Auburn University.
Southern Garrett High School, a state high school located in Maryland, United States, was established in 1952 and is part of the Garrett County Public Schools district.
"The Forge" is a painting created by Francisco Goya in 1819. It is an example of genre art and is housed at the Frick Collection. The painting was made using canvas.
Delacroix metro station is an elevated metro station located in Anderlecht, Belgium. Owned by the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company, it was inaugurated in 2006.
Art Deco, an art movement and style in visual arts that originated in France around 1910, was influenced by Futurism and is named after the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts.
The Allen Steinheim Museum is a university building located in Alfred, a village in New York, United States. It is part of Alfred University and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"My Dog Shep" is a drama film from the United States, originally in English, with Ford Beebe as the screenwriter and starring Harry Holman and Al St. John.
Ibrahima Sory Souare, a male football player born on July 14, 1982, in Conakry, Guinea, is a citizen of Guinea and plays association football as his profession.
Egaleo F.C., an association football club based in Greece, was founded in 1931 and has its headquarters in Aigaleo. The club plays in the Gamma Ethniki league.
Brian Vander Ark, born on June 19, 1966, in Holland, Michigan, is a United States citizen who works as a singer, guitarist, and singer-songwriter.
Suparna Airlines, founded on January 15, 2003, is an airline headquartered in Shanghai, China, with its main hub at Shanghai Pudong International Airport. It is a subsidiary of Hainan Airlines.
Ryusuke Senoo, a male football player born on 20 February 1986 in Okayama, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football as his sport.
Alex Cole, whose full name is Alex Cole, is a center fielder who has played for both the Minnesota Twins and the Cleveland Indians. He represents the United States in sports.
Jamie Lowry, a human with the family name Lowry, is a midfielder who has been a member of both Truro City F.C. and Chesterfield F.C.
Aaron Blair, born on May 26, 1992, in the Las Vegas Valley, is a baseball player who specializes as a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves. He is also known to play American football.
Trina Robbins, a female artist whose full name is Trina Robbins, is married to Steve Leialoha and has received the Inkpot Award.
Xu Jingzong, a male citizen of the Tang dynasty, served as the chancellor. He was the son of Xu Shanxin and the father of Xu Ang.
Rachel Mazuir, born on 12 February 1940 in Bourg-en-Bresse, is a male politician and citizen of France, currently holding the position of a member of the Senate of France.
Tanya Hope, born on January 1, 1996, in Bangalore, is a female citizen of India who works as both a model and an actor.
CD Mirandés is a Spanish association football club founded in 1927, based in Miranda de Ebro and currently playing in the Segunda División league.
Ivan Fedko, whose given name is Ivan, received multiple Orders of the Red Banner and held the military rank of Komandarm 1st rank while being a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union.
Ralitsa Vassileva, a Bulgarian journalist born on June 8, 1965, in Sofia, is a female citizen of Bulgaria who was educated at Sofia University.
"The Book of Salt" is a novel written by Monique Truong and published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the United States in 2003.
"Over the Top" is a heavy metal music album by the band Mentors, produced by Jack Endino and published in 2005. The album originates from the United States.
Donalio Melachio Douanla, a male football player born on September 24, 1997, in Cameroon, plays as a midfielder in association football.
RalliSport Challenge 2 is a racing video game developed by EA DICE and published by Xbox Game Studios, which was released on the Xbox console on May 4, 2004.
Quantez is a Western film with Robert Wright Campbell as the screenwriter, Gordon Kay as the producer, and featuring actors James Barton, Sydney Chaplin, and Fred MacMurray in its cast.
Farm to Market Road 149, located in Texas, United States, was established in 1945 and is owned and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Lauren Shera, a female singer-songwriter born in 1985 and a citizen of the United States, performs under her given name Lauren with her family name Shera.
"How to Lose Friends & Alienate People" is a comedy film distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Film4 Productions. The film features Katherine Parkinson and Forbes KB in its cast, with Stephen Woolley serving as a producer.
"Grown Ups" is an American film produced by Happy Madison Productions, distributed by InterCom, and originally in the English language. The film features Colin Quinn and China Anne McClain in its cast and is from the United States.
"The Crystal World," a science fiction novel authored by J.G. Ballard and published by Jonathan Cape in 1966, received the Seiun Award for Best Translated Novel.
"Devil Dogs of the Air" is a comedy-drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros., with Hal B. Wallis as the producer. The film features Russell Hicks and Frank McHugh in its cast.
"Little Red Wagon" is a country rock single performed by Miranda Lambert, released on January 12, 2015, under RCA Records Nashville. It is part of her album "Platinum."
Kirkby Stephen railway station, named after the town of Kirkby Stephen, is a train station that was inaugurated in 1986 and is operated by Northern (train operating company) in the United Kingdom.
Raasi is a female actor from India, born on July 29, 1980, in Andhra Pradesh. She is a human and holds Indian citizenship.
Tennessee State Route 374 is a road maintained and owned by the Tennessee Department of Transportation, and it is part of the Tennessee State Route System. Located in Tennessee, United States, this route is under the administrative jurisdiction of the state.
Johanna Acs, a female human born on May 29, 1992, in Eschweiler, is a beauty pageant contestant.
Padang Rengas railway station is a train station located in Padang Rengas, Malaysia, and it is owned by Keretapi Tanah Melayu. The station is part of the KTM West Coast railway line and is adjacent to the Kuala Kangsar railway station.
Primark, a brick-and-mortar chain store, was founded on January 1, 1969, and is headquartered in Dublin, the Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Associated British Foods.
Futurama, created by Matt Groening and taking place in the fictional universe called Futuramaverse, was produced by Matt Groening and originally aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company. Ken Keeler served as an executive producer, and Phil Hendrie was one of the show's voice actors.
"Garga Hora" is a book written in Sanskrit by authors Garga and Rishi. It originates from India and its main subject is astrology.
Joe Robert Pemagbi, a male citizen of Sierra Leone born on 22 November 1945 in Bo, has had a career spanning both diplomacy and politics.
Stanley Ho, born on 25 November 1921 in British Hong Kong, is a male citizen of China who has had notable careers as both a politician and an entrepreneur.
Johnny Morrissey, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on 18 April 1940 in Liverpool, was an association football player.
T.C. Resmi Gazete, published in Turkish, is both a daily and weekly newspaper originating from Turkey. It was started on October 7, 1920, and is published by the Prime Minister of Turkey.
Three Days Grace, an alternative rock band originating from Norwood, Canada, was formed in 1992. The band includes Adam Gontier among its members.
Juana Matias, a female lawyer and politician, was born in the Dominican Republic and educated at the University of Massachusetts Boston. She holds the position of a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Higashi-Nagahara Station is a train station in Aizuwakamatsu, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company. It was inaugurated on December 20, 1940, and it is connected to the Ban'etsu West Line.
SoftBank Group, a Japanese enterprise founded on September 3, 1981, is headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, and is owned by Masayoshi Son.
Francisco Michea, a male citizen of Chile born on December 24, 1978, is a former football player who now works as a manager in association football.
Saleh Allahyar, a male football player born on November 26, 1980, in Qatar, is a citizen of Qatar and plays association football as his sport.
Azlan Ismail, a male football player born on October 3, 1984, in the Tumpat District, is a Malaysian citizen who plays association football.
Evgeniya Karimova, a female taekwondo athlete from Uzbekistan, was born on June 12, 1989, and participated in the 2010 Asian Games.
Doncaster Knights, a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1875 and competes in the Premiership Rugby league.
"Halbblut" is a silent film produced in Germany, with Fritz Lang as the screenwriter, Carl de Vogt in the cast, and Erich Pommer as the producer. The film is in the German language and originates from Germany.
Malin Ek, born on April 18, 1945, in Malmö, Sweden, is a Swedish female actor.
Ken McCarthy, a male citizen of the United States, was born on September 20, 1959, and he is a human who was educated at Princeton University.
Cowden railway station, named after the town of Cowden, is a train station located in the United Kingdom. It was officially opened on October 1, 1888, and is operated by Southern (Govia Thameslink Railway).
Andrei Muntean, a male artistic gymnast from Romania, was born on January 30, 1993, in Sibiu. He participated in the gymnastics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Preston Brown, whose full name is Preston Brown, played as a wide receiver for both the Cleveland Browns and the New England Patriots. He was educated at Vanderbilt University.
"Walk Right Now" is a rhythm and blues single by The Jackson 5, released as part of their album "Triumph" on Epic Records on June 15, 1981.
Winder Mendoza is a male human born on December 9, 1984, in Altagracia Parish. He is a football player who plays association football.
Karim Boudjema, a male football player born on September 8, 1988, in Lyon, France, is a citizen of France and plays association football as his profession.
Cathal Carolan, a male Gaelic football player born in Castlebar, plays for the Mayo Senior Football Team.
Maxime Annys, born on 24 July 1986 in Ostend, Belgium, is a male football player who plays association football.
Studia Celtica is a periodical literature published in English, focusing on history. It was first published on January 1, 1966, by the University of Wales Press in Cardiff.
Karl Amundsen, born on November 10, 1873, is a male Norwegian politician who was a member of the Parliament of Norway and a member of the Labour Party of Norway.
"The Departure," a documentary film from the United States, was directed by Lana Wilson and composed by Nathan Michel. It was published on April 1, 2017.
Jean Genchi, born on September 25, 1956, in London, is a female rower from the United Kingdom who participated in the women's coxed four event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Parker, a male Canadian politician born on an unspecified day in January 1951 in Durham, Nova Scotia, is a graduate of Acadia University.
Tanbridge House School is a community secondary school located in Horsham, West Sussex, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1976.
"Garbo Talks" is a comedy-drama film distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and produced by United Artists. The film features Ron Silver and Hermione Gingold among its cast members.
Mio Yamanaka, a female citizen of Japan born on October 27, 1995, is a professional rugby sevens player.
Albert Bonass, a male citizen of the United Kingdom, played association football for sports teams including Chesterfield F.C. and York City F.C.
Oscar Jofre, a male computer scientist born on October 20, 1965, in Santiago, Chile, is a citizen of Chile.
"Still Open All Hours" is a television show written by Roy Clarke, produced by Gareth Edwards, and originally broadcast in English. The cast includes Sally Lindsay, David Jason, and Johnny Vegas.
Pietro Ameglio, a male writer born on January 1, 1958, in Uruguay, is a citizen of both Uruguay and Mexico.
Zach Sill, whose full name is Zach Sill, is a human who plays as a centre for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League.
Manuela Bruntraeger, born on January 1, 1993, in Singapore, is a female model. Note that there seems to be some discrepancy regarding her date of birth, as it is listed both as January 1, 1993, and May 17, 1993.
Fantôme Brewery, a brewery based in the business industry, was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Soy, Belgium.
Florin Achim, born on July 16, 1991, in Baia Mare, is a male football player who holds Romanian citizenship.
Sea Hunt is a television series from the United States that originally aired in broadcast syndication starting in 1958. Created by Ivan Tors, the show features Lloyd Bridges as a cast member.
Melbourne Grammar School, founded in 1849, is a grammar school located in Victoria, Australia. It is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and is an educational institution in the country of Australia.
Grant Van De Casteele, born on May 10, 1991, in Plano, Texas, is a male football player who plays association football and is a citizen of the United States.
Motoharu Fukuchi, born on June 21, 1990, in Nago, is a professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Randy Exelby, a male ice hockey player born on August 13, 1965, in Toronto, Canada, is a Canadian citizen who plays the sport of ice hockey.
E.J. Bibbs, born on August 28, 1991, in Chicago, is an American football player who specializes as a tight end for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Anuar Tuhami, a male football player born on January 15, 1995, in Ceuta, holds citizenship of both Spain and Morocco.
Charlie Telfer, a male football player born on July 4, 1995, in Carluke, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football as his profession.
"A Tremendously Rich Man" is a film directed by Steve Sekely and composed by Max Colpet, which was released on February 13, 1932. The film features Hermann Picha and Eduard Rothauser in its cast.
Wayne Hockley, born on September 6, 1978, in Paignton, is a male football player from the United Kingdom who plays association football as his occupation.
Winter Park station, a train station located on the surface in Winter Park, Florida, United States, was officially opened in 1882, although it was first established in 1890.
"Android," a film produced and distributed by New World Pictures, features English as its original language. Directed by Tim Suhrstedt (director of photography) and edited by Andy Horvitch, the film's main subject is an android robot.
Koji Aoyama, a male citizen of Japan born on August 12, 1983, in Hakodate, is a professional baseball player.
Leston Paul, a male football player born on March 11, 1990, in Mayaro, Trinidad, is a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago and participated in the 2019 Copa América.
Denise Woollard, a female Canadian citizen born on January 1, 1940, is a politician who holds the position of member of the Alberta Legislative Assembly as part of the Alberta New Democratic Party.
Matthew Mulligan, born on January 18, 1985, in Bangor, Maine, is a male American citizen who plays American football as his profession.
Dynamis is a history journal that focuses on the history of medicine. It was founded in 1981 in Spain and is published by the University of Granada. The journal is written in English.
Susan R. Bolton, born on September 1, 1951, in Philadelphia, is a female citizen of the United States who works as both a lawyer and a judge.
Donald Fowler, a male citizen of the United States born on September 12, 1935, in Spartanburg, South Carolina, is a member of the Democratic Party and received his education at the University of Kentucky.
Chris Cichocki, whose full name is Chris Cichocki, is a hockey player who specializes as a winger. He has been a member of both the Detroit Red Wings and the New Jersey Devils in the National Hockey League.
"The Blanket of the Dark," a novel authored by John Buchan and published by Hodder & Stoughton in 1931, is a literary work originating from England.
"The Goddess," a film directed by John Cromwell and released on January 1, 1958, features composers Virgil Thomson and cast members Steven Hill and Joan Copeland.
Top Gear GT Championship is a racing video game published on March 21, 2001, for the Game Boy Advance in Japan by Kemco.
"Mutant," a science fiction short story collection authored by Lewis Padgett, was published in the United States by Gnome Press on an unspecified day in 1953.
Alex Lynn, a male citizen of the United Kingdom born on September 17, 1993, in London, is a racing automobile driver who participates in Formula E.
Automobili Pininfarina is an enterprise and trademark based in Munich, Germany, which was established in 2018 and is owned by the Mahindra Group.
Julian Marshall is a male tennis player from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Whites Bridge is a covered bridge and a brown truss structure located in Michigan, United States. It officially opened in 1869 and crosses the Flat River in Michigan.
Olaf Kölzig is a human who played ice hockey as a goaltender for both the Washington Capitals and the Tampa Bay Lightning. He was drafted by the Washington Capitals.
Clark T. Randt Jr., a male diplomat born on January 1, 1945, in Connecticut, is a U.S. citizen who was educated at Harvard Law School.
"Let Me Live in Your Life" is a soul music album produced by Lamont Dozier and performed by Ben E. King. It was released on Atlantic Records in 1978.
Cindy McLeish, whose given name is Cindy and family name is McLeish, is a Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and holds membership in the Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division). She is also married to Jeff Moss, a cricketer.
"The Devil," a drama film directed by James Young and written by Edmund Goulding, was released in the United States in 1921.
Jim Bonar, a male football player born in England in 1866, played association football and held citizenship in the United Kingdom.
"It's Only Us" is a pop rock single performed by Robbie Williams, produced by Guy Chambers, and released on November 8, 1999, under Chrysalis Records.
Antonio Carbognani, born on November 5, 1953, in Buenos Aires, is a male citizen of Argentina who has had careers as both a football player and a manager in association football.
"Feminine Intuition," a science fiction short story written by Isaac Asimov, was published in "The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories" on October 1, 1969.
Friedrich Eisenbrand, born on July 3, 1971, in Quierschied, Germany, is a mathematician and computer scientist who works at Paderborn University.
Dave Pichette, whose full name is Dave Pichette, played as a defenceman in the National Hockey League for both the New York Rangers and the St. Louis Blues.
Teresa Perozzi, a female boxer born on December 31, 1973, in New Hampshire, is a citizen of Bermuda and competes in the sport of boxing.
Carlos Matheu, a male football player born on 13 May 1985 in Quilmes, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina and plays association football.
Mikhail Postnikov, a human who works in the fields of differential topology and mathematics, was a student and doctoral advisee of Lev Pontryagin and speaks, writes, or signs the Russian language.
"A River Runs Through It" is a novel and autobiography that was published on May 1, 1976, in the United States. It was written by Norman Maclean.
The 1993 San Marino Open was a tennis tournament edition held in San Marino, focusing on women's sports. It was part of the San Marino Open series and took place in 1993.
Thomas Oldham, a human, was educated at Trinity College Dublin and received notable awards including the Royal Medal and the title of Fellow of the Royal Society. He was also a member of prestigious organizations such as the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and the Royal Society.
Maria Lazarou, a female football player born on September 30, 1972, in Serres, Greece, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zbigniew Pakleza, a male Polish chess player, was born on December 5, 1986, in Gliwice, Poland.
Rudresh Vaghela, a male citizen of India born on November 2, 1993, is a professional cricketer.
Arja Alho, a female politician born on 21 March 1954 in Finland, is a citizen of Finland and works in Helsinki. She studied at the University of Helsinki.
Artur Kartashyan, a male football player born on January 8, 1997, in Yerevan, is an Armenian citizen who plays association football.
Dikava is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Surdulica, Serbia.
Helen Oxenbury received the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize at a specific point in time.
The TV series "Monkey" is a Japanese production based on the classic novel "Journey to the West" and features Masaaki Sakai as a cast member.
The List of prime ministers of Kuwait is a Wikimedia list article that began on November 11, 1962, and includes all the Prime Ministers of Kuwait.
Devil's Gate is a film from the United Kingdom, with Malcom McLean as the director of photography and Chris Joyce as the film editor.
Shannopin Coal Co is a coal mine located in the United States.
Zhao Yong, a painter from the House of Zhao, has two children named Zhao Feng and Zhao Shuduan.
Abigail Morris serves as the chief executive officer of the Soho Theatre, though the specific start and end times of her tenure are not provided.
The British TV series "House of Cards" is different from the original "House of Cards" and is based on a novel of the same name, with its plot derived from the work by Michael Dobbs.
Victorian Railways iced vans are trains manufactured by Victorian Railways, with their final assembly taking place at the Newport Workshops.
The operetta "Marinka" was produced in 1945 and had its first performance on July 18, 1945, in the English language.
Air Dolomiti is a joint-stock company that operates as part of the Star Alliance and is a subsidiary of Lufthansa.
Naval Auxiliary Air Station Hollister is an air base located in the United States and is adjacent to the Hollister Municipal Airport.
William Cleaver Wilkinson was educated at the Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School, where he attended from the start time until the end period.
The Tornabuoni Chapel was created by Domenico Ghirlandaio, who, along with his workshop, applied their技艺似乎被要求转换成文字描述时中断了。让我继续完成这个任务：\n\nThe Tornabuoni Chapel was created by Domenico Ghirlandaio, who, along with his workshop, worked on parts of the chapel.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Markov was a member of the FC Novokuznetsk sports team, joining and leaving at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Wojciech Rudy was a member of the Poland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Dconf is a free software application licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License and is written in the C programming language.
John Bosler was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Malyi Kuchuriv is a village in Ukraine, located in the Zastavna Raion administrative territorial entity.
Patrekur is a basketball team based in Iceland that plays the sport of basketball.
Ron Wyden was educated at the University of Oregon School of Law, where he obtained an academic degree.
Milton Batista Vieira Júnior is a member of Sport Club Internacional, having joined and left the team at specific times. However, the exact start and end times of his membership with Sport Club Internacional are not provided.
Gilmar Silva is a member of Oeste Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Anne of the Thousand Days was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and the nomination was a subject of discussion related to the award.
Gozdowo is a village located in the Masovian Voivodeship region of Poland and is part of the administrative territorial entity Gmina Gozdowo.
Jacques Cartier State Park is a New York state park located in the state of New York, United States.
Mohammadpur Upazila is an upazila in the Magura District of Bangladesh.
Tral is a human settlement located in the Pulwama district of India.
Milanów, located in the Lublin Voivodeship, is a village in Poland and is part of the Gmina Milanów administrative territorial entity.
"Aretha Live at Fillmore West" was recorded at the Fillmore West, which specifies both a start and end time for the recording session.
Jonay Hernández is a member of the sports team CD Ourense, with a specified start time and end time for his membership with the team.
Raiders of the Lost Ark was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, with the nomination being a statement subject to recognition for the film.
Ettore Manni was an Italian citizen throughout his entire period of citizenship in Italy. However, the specific start and end times of his citizenship are not provided.
The Pittsburgh Keystones are an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
The 13th Note Café is a venue located in Glasgow City, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Jamie Chandler was a member of the England national under-18 football team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Thiago Gentil is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Luigi Mostacci is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are not provided.
Victor Truhanov is a member of the sports team FC Costuleni, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Delhi Cloth & General Mills, a business that began in 1889, has its headquarters in India.
The Lingleville Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States.
Scott Township is a township located in Adams County, Ohio, United States.
Farfa, the poet, was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a specific start time and end time.
Jerome Taylor is a member of the West Indies cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Qazi Jahan is a human settlement located in the Qazi Jahan Rural District, which is part of Iran.
The Greater Yosemite Council is a nonprofit organization and a Boy Scouts of America scout council located in the United States.
Billy Bob Thornton won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
9454 Wilshire Boulevard, an architectural structure designed by Robert E. Langdon Jr., was built in 1968.
Ulrika Karlsson is a member of the Sweden women's national football team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
Yevgeni Malofeyev was a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Barnaul, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
"The Comforters" is an English language novel published by Macmillan Publishers, with a narrative set in Sussex.
The Cleveland Panthers is an American football team based in the United States that plays the sport of American football.
Downtown Youngstown is a central business district located in Youngstown, Ohio, United States.
Bryan Linssen is a member of the sports team Fortuna Sittard, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Rauwshan McKenzie is a member of the Chicago Fire U-23 sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The miniseries "If Tomorrow Comes" is based on the novel of the same name and features Jack Weston and Tom Berenger in its cast.
"Alleged," a film distributed by RLJE Films and originally in the English language, is set in Tennessee.
"The Spirit of Adventure" is a film from the United States that was distributed by Mutual Film and is now in the public domain.
Ted Fleming was a member of the Melbourne University Football Club, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Bass Ledge is an island located in Nantucket County, United States.
Pepe Pinto is a member of the sports team Real Valladolid, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Sergei Anatolyevich Vasilyev was a member of the FC Metalist Kharkiv sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Mwalimu Cooperative Savings & Credit Society Limited, a business, was founded in 1974 and has its headquarters in Nairobi.
The List of Michigan state parks is a Wikimedia list article that categorizes various Michigan state parks under the Category:State parks of Michigan.
Shupluy District is a district in the Yungay Province of Peru.
The Jackie Thomas Show is an English-language television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) and featured Michael Boatman as a cast member.
Maria de Mattias was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy during its existence. The Kingdom of Italy began and ended during her lifetime.
Juan Manuel Coello is a member of the Honduras national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Lake Nahorivske is a lake located in Ukraine, with its drainage basin also situated within the country.
Kay, a footballer, was a member of S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Alan R. Battersby is a member of Academia Europaea and has been affiliated with it since the start of his membership.
Tomi Shimomura is a member of the sports team Montedio Yamagata, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Emmetsburg Community School District is a school district in the United States, located in Iowa.
Adriano Bausola is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned, though not specified in the given information.
Antwerp International Airport offers a connection to Palma de Mallorca Airport, with flights operated by an unspecified airline starting from Antwerp.
Kevin Sakuda was a member of the Austin Aztex FC, with specific start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Pieter van den Bosch, a painter, worked in Amsterdam during a specific point in time.
Harper is an unincorporated community located in Indiana, United States.
Gabriel Milito was a member of the Real Zaragoza sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
Domingo Zalazar was a member of the sports team Audax Italiano, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
"The Sleeping Child" is a drama film and television show originating from Belgium, with its original language being Arabic.
Alimabad is a village located in Markazi Province, Iran.
Shalva Apkhazava is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal Kyiv, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Gmina Oleszyce is an urban-rural municipality located in Lubaczów County, Poland.
Fazil Iskander received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Rita Levi-Montalcini received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, which she shared with another recipient.
Adam Burish played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times in the league.
Norihiro Kawakami is a member of the sports team Geylang International FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Kasba Peth is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India, located in the state of Maharashtra.
Area code 928 is an area code in the United States, specifically serving parts of Arizona, including Winslow.
Aristides Masi was a member of the sports team Club Sportivo San Lorenzo, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues is a member of the sports team Adelaide United FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Charles Duccilli was a member of the Philadelphia Atoms, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Artur Lesko is a member of the sports team FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, and his involvement with the team started at a specific point in time.
Bruno Furlan is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Jos Koetz was a member of the Luxembourg national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The Port of Melbourne Authority, a statutory authority in Australia, was established on January 1, 1958.
Ritesh Batra won the Zee Cine Award for Most Promising Director for his work at a specific point in time.
Anton Matveyev is a member of the sports team FC Taganrog, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Sudbury/Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Ontario, Canada.
Kiko Torres is a member of the sports team Real Madrid Castilla, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mario Miltone is a member of the sports team Borgosesia Calcio, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Almaden Open is a golf tournament held in the United States, where the sport of golf is played.
VConnect, a business that began in 2010, has its headquarters in Surulere.
The 1878 Hereford by-election was a by-election held in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1878.
Isaac Asimov won the Nebula Award for Best Novelette for his work at a specific point in time.
Chris Martin is a cricketer who was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Wayne N. Phillips is a human with the given name Wayne, and he was a member of the Australia national cricket team.
Vodien Internet Solutions, a business in the internet industry, was founded in 2002.
The South Meherrin River is a river located in Virginia, United States.
Gerard Vaughan is an Australian politician whose full name consists of the given name Gerard and the family name Vaughan. He is a human.
Emilian Dolha was a member of the CSM Olimpia Satu Mare sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Ferdinando Miniussi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which began at a certain start time and ended at a specific end time.
The Chesterfield and District Amateur League is a sports league in the United Kingdom that focuses on association football.
Jim Wylie was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team during a specific period that had both a start time and an end time.
Leigh Woods is a village located in Somerset, United Kingdom.
Simon Birtwisle was a member of the Northumberland County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The 2015 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in 2015.
Loyola College in Ibadan was founded in 1954 and is a school located in Nigeria.
Jeremy Allen was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
The Ford Hotel is a building located in Ontario, Canada.
Domanice is a village located in Gmina Miastko, which is part of Bytów County in Poland.
Chenar Mishavan is a village located in the Siyakh Darengun Rural District in Iran.
Bella Kocharyan, a human, is married to Robert Kocharyan.
Futaba Corporation is an electronics company in Japan that operates as a Kabushiki gaisha (a type of Japanese joint-stock company) and is a member of the SD Association.
Tom Gracie was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, serving during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Sergio Boris is a footballer who was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Oliver Herber is a member of the sports team Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Rhydyclafdy is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gwynedd.
Hiroki Higuchi is a member of the sports team Fukushima United FC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Mikhail Zhabkin was a member of the Russia national under-17 football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Jem Karacan was a member of the Turkey national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Pere Tarradellas was a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The Lemley Campus is a public educational institution located in Oklahoma, United States.
Charles Belton was a member of the Kent County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The William Pinto House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Inzensky District is located within the administrative territorial entity of Samara Oblast, but the specific start and end times for its inclusion in Samara Oblast are not provided.
Buczyn is a village located in the Gmina Czerwin administrative territorial entity within the Masovian Voivodeship of Poland.
Paula Ioan, a human, competes in artistic gymnastics with "Paula" as her given name.
Emiliano Zapata, Morelos is a municipality in the state of Morelos, Mexico.
Chris Silverwood was a member of the Mashonaland Eagles sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
The Kankesanthurai Lighthouse, which is a lighthouse in Sri Lanka, was established in 1893.
Igor Shalimov was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Batu Arang is a town located in the Gombak District of Malaysia.
Gabriel de Broglie was educated at the École nationale d'administration, where he began his studies at a certain start time and completed them at a specific end time.
The Oulu City Library has its headquarters in Pokkinen, where it also operates and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Pokkinen.
Alexandre N'Gadi is a member of the sports team Pau FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Derrick Hamilton is a human who has been a member of both the Toronto Argonauts and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers sports teams.
Many Springs is an unincorporated community located in Missouri, United States.
Stade de DUC Dakar is a stadium in Senegal that is used for association football.
Stanley Fenley was a member of the Surrey County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
In the film "The Battle of Stalingrad," Viktor Stanitsyn plays a character role.
Gudem Kotha Veedhi is a village in India, located within the Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal administrative territorial entity.
Moussa Hirir is a citizen of Djibouti and has played for the Djibouti national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Lucien Leduc was a member of the Annecy FC sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Frays Farm Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest located in the London Borough of Hillingdon, United Kingdom.
Braintree Sixth Form, a secondary school in the United Kingdom, was established in 2009.
Don Waddell has been involved with the National Hockey League during a specific period, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges served as the director of École normale supérieure in Paris, starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Giorgio Ferrari is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned, implying there might be periods related to when it began and ended. However, without exact dates, the precise timing cannot be specified further.
The Meitetsu Hashima Line is owned by Meitetsu and is part of the Meitetsu Takehana Line, with Meitetsu operating it since its start time.
Yothinburana School is a school located in Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict, which is in Thailand.
"Your True Love" is a song performed by Carl Perkins and was published in January 1957.
Gabi Lasri was a member of the Israel national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
The Pochtamtsky Bridge, which officially opened in 1824, crosses the Moyka River and is designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia.
Doc Murray, whose given name is Doc, is a human and a member of the Wigan Warriors sports team.
Chelmsford Radio, a radio station in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1998.
The St. Thomas-Elgin Memorial Centre is a building located in Ontario, Canada.
Caio is a village located in Carmarthenshire, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
José Gildeixon Clemente de Paiva was a member of the Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Aleksandr Perov is a footballer who was a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Sheraton Skyline Hotel at London Heathrow, which is a hotel in the United Kingdom, was inaugurated in 1971.
Kaheawa Wind Power is a wind farm located in Maui County, Hawaii, in the United States.
Moravian Falls is a waterfall located in North Carolina, United States.
Twin Mound, Kansas is a ghost town located in Douglas County, Kansas, United States.
Bert McInenly was a member of the National Hockey League, with a defined start and end time for his tenure in the league.
Andrea Mengoni was a member of the Delfino Pescara 1936 sports team, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
Squire and Partners, an architectural firm based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1976.
Parking Panda is a company that was founded in 2011.
Yukio Tsuchiya is a member of the Barretos Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Gavin James is a footballer who has been a member of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Belt Line Road in Texas is a road located in Dallas County, Texas, United States.
Garnik Avalyan was a member of the sports team FC Volgar Astrakhan, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Norfolk Street station is adjacent to the Warren Street / NJIT station, and it connects to this station via a line that goes towards Warren Street / NJIT station.
The Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is a National Estuarine Research Reserve located in Mississippi, United States.
Siswan is a community development block located in the Siwan district of India.
Vladimir Nakoryakov has been awarded the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" IV class and the Order of the Badge of Honour, and he holds a Doctorate in Engineering.
Enzo Rosa was a member of the sports team F.C. Pavia, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Bongouanou Department is an administrative unit in the Moronou Region of Ivory Coast.
Richard Bland, known as the burgess, was married to Elizabeth Randolph and had children including Theodorick Bland of Cawsons and Mary Bland.
Cortina Airport is an airport that was inaugurated but later dissolved, abolished, or demolished.
"Fantastic Voyage" is a song composed by David Bowie, and it was published by David Bowie, who is also the subject of statements related to this song.
Charles Lee Isbell, Jr. worked at AT&T Labs, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
JP Duminy was a member of the Sunrisers Hyderabad cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
James Tilyard was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with a defined period of involvement that started and ended at specific times.
Abraham Bosse worked in Paris, where he started and ended his career.
Daniel Usvat is a member of the sports team FC Bihor Oradea, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Hayfield Dundee is a neighborhood located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Henry Moyo is a member of the Malawi national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Roger Parker is a member of Academia Europaea, where he started his affiliation.
Bangou is a village located in the Zabré Department of Burkina Faso.
Hamdan Qassem is a human who plays as a defender for the Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai.
Cameron Mather is a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Larchwood Township is a civil township located in Lyon County, Iowa, which is part of the United States.
The C-5 blimp is a ship operated by the United States Navy and manufactured by Goodyear Aerospace.
The Tomah Area School District is a school district located in Wisconsin, United States.
Markus Unger is a member of the sports team KSV Hessen Kassel, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Petrit Hoxhaj is a member of the sports team WKE, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"The Moon Is Blue" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing, making it a nominee in this category.
"Beijing Blues" received the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film at a specific point in time, and this achievement is noted as a significant accolade for the film.
Andrei Tsaplin is a member of the sports team FC Neman Grodno, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Laurence Kotlikoff was educated at Harvard University, where he obtained his academic degree under the guidance of his doctoral advisor.
"Darah dan Doa" is an Indonesian film that originated from Indonesia, directed by Max Tera, with its original language being Indonesian.
High School Musical, which originally aired on the Disney Channel, features Alyson Reed and Bart Johnson as cast members.
Papa Malick Ba is a member of the Senegal national football team, having joined and left at specific times.
The Bigambul are an Indigenous people of Australia, specifically located in the administrative territory of Queensland.
Jim Morehouse was a member of the Carlton Football Club, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Guillermo Eizaguirre was a member of the Spain national football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Andrei Suslin worked at Saint Petersburg State University, though the specific start and end times of his employment are not provided.
Aliyu Abubakar is a footballer who was a member of F.C. Ashdod, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The EMD GP28, manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel, had a production period with a specific start and end time.
Sangria is a wine cocktail that originates from Argentina and typically includes red wine as one of its components.
Evgeni Ignatov is a footballer who was a member of FC Sevlievo, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Eugen Bari is a member of the sports team FK Dubnica, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Principal Riverwalk is a protected area located in Iowa, United States.
Justin Ammar is a member of the sports team SV Heimstetten, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"Waking the Demon" is a track produced by Colin Richardson that follows "Hearts Burst into Fire" and is followed by "Your Betrayal."
Ryan Cavanagh is a member of the sports team State of Matter MAAP Racing, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
The Taff Vale Railway O1 class, designed by Tom Hurry Riches, operates on the Taff Vale Railway and uses standard-gauge tracks.
The Cook-Sellers House, located in the United States, is a house that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Trge is a human settlement located in the Bugojno Municipality within Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bomako is a human settlement located in Bassila, which is an administrative territorial entity in Benin.
Dalechowice is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka.
Javier Chirinos is a member of the sports team Deportivo Municipal, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Augusto Silj was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy during its existence, which had a specific start and end time.
Gennadi Grishin is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with specified start and end times for his membership.
L'Embobineuse is a music venue located in Marseille, France.
Kono Model Academy, a school in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1950.
Ayotle, a business that began operations in 2010, has its headquarters in France.
Vitaly Suetov is a member of the sports team FC Energetik Uren, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"The Manageress" is a television series that originated from the United Kingdom and originally aired on Channel 4.
Federico Fellini received a Palme d'Or award for his work, and the award statement is associated with his achievements.
The Great American Bash in 1991 was a professional wrestling event held in the United States.
The Miami SunPost, a tabloid-format newspaper, was established in 1985.
Steve Wooddin was a member of the Christchurch Technical sports team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Jimmy Howieson was a member of the Scotland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Mazenod is a human settlement located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Almir is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sky Odyssey is a single-player video game distributed on DVD and published by Activision.
Golfo Azzurro is a ship with its home port in Panama City, United States.
Patrick Osiako is a member of the sports team Simurq PIK, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Maksim Votinov is a member of the sports team FC Baltika Kaliningrad, although the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Marius Bezykornovas was a member of the Lithuania national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
Victor Moreland was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Jock Drummond was a member of the Scotland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Legacy Audio, a business that began in 1983, has its headquarters in Springfield, Illinois.
The Maltese Light Infantry was established in 1800 and was dissolved in 1802 in Malta.
Basongo Airport is an airport located in Kasai-Occidental, an administrative territorial entity of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Omer Damari was a member of the sports team FK Austria Wien, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Salisbury Cathedral School is a boarding school located in Salisbury, and it is designated as a Grade I listed building.
Rutesheim station is a railway halt located in Leonberg, Germany.
Geoff Allardice, a human, is known by the given name Geoff and is a member of the Victoria cricket team.
Vitaliy Sobolev is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Groton Iron Works is a shipyard in the United States that operates in the shipbuilding industry.
Marcelo Tolomeotti is a member of the Paragominas Futebol Clube, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The Association of the Holy Childhood was established as a voluntary association in 1959.
Yuri Ivanov, a footballer born in 1960, was a member of FC Kairat, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Glyn Pardoe was a member of the England national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
California State Route 178 is a state highway maintained by the California Department of Transportation and is located in Kern County, California, as part of the state highway system in California.
First Direct, a business that was established in 1989, has its headquarters in Leeds.
Jeff Stollmeyer was a member of the West Indies cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Bille Brown was born in Biloela, which is located in a specific administrative territorial entity at a particular point in time.
The Southland Astronomical Society is an organization based in Southland, New Zealand.
Pelham Parkway is a street located in The Bronx, which is part of the United States.
Mohammad Nawaz is a cricketer who was a member of the Rawalpindi Rams sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Murray Armstrong played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at specified times in the league.
The 2018 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball season event that took place in 2018.
Sunblaze is a progressive metal band from Germany, falling under the broader category of rock and pop music.
Gerard Seghers worked in Naples, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times.
Chora Botor is a district located in the Jimma Zone of Ethiopia.
Alfa Aesar is a business headquartered in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and it is owned by Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Richard Anconina won the César Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
Arpara Ideal High School, a high school in Bangladesh, was founded in 1945.
The Cisco Systems VPN Client is software developed by Cisco Systems for use on Microsoft Windows operating systems.
Lumberman's Monument is a sculpture located in Michigan, United States.
Issinsky District is part of the administrative territorial entity of Tambov Oblast, with a specified start and end time for its existence within the oblast.
Construction Photography, a business that began in 2001, has its headquarters in London.
Middletown station on NJ Transit is adjacent to Hazlet station, and it connects to Hazlet station via a line that runs towards it.
Maryan Marushchak is a member of the sports team FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv, although the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Vitaly Fedorchuk served as the chairperson of the KGB, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Neon Alley is a business that was founded on January 1, 2012, and its headquarters are located in San Francisco.
"Postcards from Leningrad" is a drama film and television show originating from Venezuela, with its original language being Spanish.
Jace Alexander, whose family name is Alexander, is married to Maddie Corman and was educated at Circle in the Square Theatre School.
Euloge Ahodikpe is a member of the sports team Pápai FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Khufu statuette is an ivory sculpture that is currently located in the Egyptian Museum.
Yuva won the Screen Award for Best Supporting Actor, making it a winner at that specific point in time.
Marion Dorn worked in London, where she started and ended her professional time.
William Beechey, whose work is featured in the Tate collection, was a member of the Royal Academy of Arts and was married to Anne Beechey.
UI Energy Corporation, a business in the petroleum industry, was founded in 1987.
The capture of Le Sars, which took place in Picardy, France, was part of the Battle of the Somme.
Honeyburge is a hamlet located in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.
Burning Creek is a river located in West Virginia, United States.
Tevita Kuridrani was a member of the Australia national under-20 rugby union team during a specific period that had a defined start and end time.
Mattia Masi is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Fred DeGand was a member of the Virginia Beach Mariners, with specific start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Dewhurst v. Coulthard is a legal case that took place in the United States and was heard by the Supreme Court of the United States.
The National Guard Armory in Pine Bluff is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Arkansas, United States.
Edvan Bakaj was a member of the Albania national under-19 football team, with a tenure that had a defined start and end time.
Juan Muhlethaler was a member of the Uruguay national football team, with a defined period of membership that started at a certain time and ended at another time.
Dobiecin is a village located in Gmina Chynów, Poland.
Lizz Winstead created "The Daily Show" and was involved from its start to its end during her tenure.
Verkh-Nenya is a village that was founded in 1810 and is located in Russia.
Kelly Smith is a member of the London Bees sports team, with her membership starting and ending at specific times for the team.
Eric Frenzel was a citizen of East Germany during a specific period that had a start and end time.
The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a multistorey car park located in Alaska, United States.
The Saptamukhi River is a river in India that flows into the Bay of Bengal.
The 2005 Central Hockey League All-Star Game was a seasonal event in the sport of ice hockey, held in 2005.
Frank Rost was a member of the sports team Hamburger SV, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Cormac Costello is a human with the given name Cormac and is a member of the Dublin Senior Football Team.
Closed Nightmare is a video game from Japan that is available on the Nintendo Switch platform.
KZBR is a radio station located in Colorado, United States.
The 6th U-boat Flotilla includes the German submarine U-585, which was part of the flotilla during a specific period defined by its start and end times.
The Macellum of Pozzuoli is an archaeological site located in Pozzuoli, Italy.
Terrai Bainen District is a district in Mila Province, Algeria, and it is an instance of the districts of Algeria.
Nabil Jaadi is a member of the Morocco national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Adrian Sosnovschi is a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Adhemar Canavesi was a member of the Uruguay national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership with the team.
Michele Cossato is a member of the sports team A.C. Montichiari, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Cristiano Lopes is a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Khazret Dyshekov was a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Ashland Township is a township located in Dodge County, Minnesota, United States.
Kuami Agboh is a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Llandaff Cathedral, designed by Jasper Tudor in the Gothic architectural style, is a Grade I listed building.
The Australian Shadows Awards, which are a type of award, were inaugurated in 2005 in Australia.
Franco Scoglio was the head coach of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 during a specific period, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Anthony Waite was a member of the Middlesex County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
School Lake is a lake located in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.
Anton Kramar is a member of the sports team FC Sevastopol-2, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Harry Prince is a male human and a member of the Port Vale F.C. sports team.
The Marching Song of the 318th Eng'rs is a song that was published in 1918 and is now in the public domain.
Gilpin Point is an unincorporated community located in Maryland, United States.
Werner Vogels was educated at The Hague University of Applied Sciences, where he completed his academic major.
Vladimir Kazakov was a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Wedding Pullav is an Indian romance film originally in Hindi.
Taipei City Constituency 3 is a Taiwan legislative election regional district located in Taipei, which is part of Taiwan.
Rudolf Seliger was a member of the MSV Duisburg sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Alhandra is a footballer who was a member of the sports team U.D. Leiria, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Yusuf Barak is a member of the sports team KSV Baunatal, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Carlos Casquero is a member of the sports team Real Oviedo B, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Yasiel Puig is a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers, where he started playing for the team and specializes in a particular position.
The National Theatre of Panama, which was officially opened on October 1, 1908, is headquartered in Panama City and is designated as a monument of Panama.
Fort Street is a council constituency of the Eastern District in Hong Kong, China.
Michele Christiansen is a human with the given name Michele and the family name Christiansen.
The Kelsey Range is a mountain range located in California, United States.
William Penn High School in North Carolina is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in the United States.
Jair da Rosa Pinto was a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, with his membership starting and ending at certain times, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
Teatro San Cassiano is an opera house located in Venice, Italy.
Johan Devrindt was a member of the sports team Club Brugge KV, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Jaime Bravo, a Chilean goalkeeper, was a member of the sports team Deportes Iberia during a specific period, which had a start and end time.
Romeo Castelen was a member of the sports team Hamburger SV II, with his membership starting and ending at specific times for the team.
Jeffrey Montgomery was educated at Michigan State University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Martin Gottfried Weiss was the commander of the Neuengamme concentration camp, serving from a specific start time to an end time.
Hîncești was part of the Russian Empire during its existence, which started at the beginning of the empire's rule over the region and ended with the empire's dissolution.
Heather Mitts was a member of the Philadelphia Charge, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Sundazed Records, a record label based in the United States, was founded in 1989.
Italy participated in the 1959 Summer Universiade, which was a sports competition held in 1959.
David Harrer is a member of the sports team FK Austria Wien, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
The Pratt & Whitney PW4000 is a turbofan aircraft engine manufactured by Pratt & Whitney.
The Meadowlands Sports Complex is a stadium located in New Jersey, United States.
The Natalka mine is a gold-producing mine located in Russia.
Roman Karmen received the Order of the Red Banner and the USSR State Prize, and his works are part of the collection at the Museum of Modern Art.
Karim Janat is a member of the Spin Ghar Tigers sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Maraguia, a titular see, was established in 1933 in Tunisia.
Bernardo Parentino worked in Padua, where his tenure started and ended at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Chao Pengfei is a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Laila Samad, a human, received the Bangla Academy Literary Award and was educated at the University of Calcutta.
Ivan Kotenko is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kristen Nygaard was a member of the Denmark national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Derrick Somerset Macnutt was a citizen of the United Kingdom. The specific context mentions the end time and cause related to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, though the exact details for the end time and cause are not provided in the given information.
The American Council of Engineering Companies, an organization that was founded in 1905, has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Katie Mactier is a member of the S.C. Michela Fanini Rox sports team, with her membership starting and ending at specific times.
Grays Bay is a bay located in the Kitikmeot Region of Canada.
Andrea Mengoni is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Vrancea Mountains are a mountain range located in Romania and are part of the Subcarpathians.
Dan Dorion was active in the National Hockey League during a specific period, with a defined start and end time.
West Dereham Abbey, located in the United Kingdom, was established as an abbey on January 17, 1101.
Dammaj is a human settlement located in the Saada Governorate of Yemen.
Pierre Rabadan was a member of the France national rugby union team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Raoul Lambert was a member of the Belgium national football team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Simon Picone is a member of the L'Aquila Rugby sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Sergey Turanok is a member of the sports team FC Livadiya-Yuni Dzerzhinsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Hopwood Middle School, a secondary school in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1949.
Caracol Falls is a waterfall located in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
NRG Engineering, a business that was established in 2005, has its headquarters located in Fusionopolis.
"Thrill Me" is a musical theatre production with both the music and the libretto composed by Stephen Dolginoff.
Morten Olsen was a member of the sports team R.W.D. Molenbeek, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Francesco Parravicini was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Pro Sesto, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Susan Foley was educated at Murdoch University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Lake Diefenbaker is fed by the South Saskatchewan River and also drains into it through the Gardiner Dam.
Sjoerd van Ginneken was a member of the Metec -- TKH Continental Cyclingteam, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
Emil Noll is a member of the sports team Arka Gdynia, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Remedello culture, an archaeological culture, was discovered in the Po Valley and is categorized under the topic of Remedello culture.
The East Coast Football Club, an Australian sports team, was founded on January 1, 1900.
Ivan Mayewski was a member of the sports team FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi, where he started and ended his tenure with the team.
Denis Goavec is a member of the sports team Stade Briochin, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Yvonne Martin is a human with the given name Yvonne, and her mother is Marguerite Beaugé.
Rip Raps Plantation, a building located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Andrew Harris, a cricketer born in 1971, was a member of the Herefordshire County Cricket Club during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
The Fort Wayne Hoosiers are a basketball team based in the United States.
Nazri Nasir is a member of the Singapore national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Coco's Bakery, a business that began in 1948, has its headquarters in Carlsbad, California.
Bruce Pairaudeau was a member of the West Indies cricket team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Hewlett Packard Labs, a research institute headquartered in Palo Alto, California, was established in 2015.
Uniface is a business that was founded in 1984 and has its headquarters in Amsterdam.
Masr El-Nahrda is a television show that originated in Egypt and is in Arabic.
The Toronto Board of Trade Building was occupied by the Toronto Transit Commission, which began its occupancy at some starting time and ended at a specified ending time.
Mike Seerey, whose given name is Mike, was a member of the St. Louis Stars soccer team and was educated at Saint Louis University.
Asakayama Station is adjacent to Sakaihigashi Station and connects to it via a line that goes towards Sakaihigashi.
Thierno Bah is a member of the sports team FC Meyrin, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time at the club.
Zerega Avenue station, which officially opened on October 24, 1920, connects the IRT Pelham Line and offers the 6 subway service.
The Monkland State School Residence, located in Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Erkan Sekman is a member of the sports team Orduspor, though the specific start and end times of his membership with Orduspor are not provided.
Vlada Avramov was a member of the Serbia national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The DRG Class E 93 is a locomotive class that is a subclass of electric locomotives, manufactured by AEG.
Kangerong Station is a pastoral lease located in the administrative territorial entity of Queensland, Australia.
Dinesh Mohan is a human who was educated at the University of Michigan. His given name is Dinesh.
Gudivada revenue division is a revenue division located in the Krishna district of India.
Redouane Drici was a member of the Algeria national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Patricio Mac Allister was a member of the sports team Urawa Red Diamonds, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Stealth ATF, a multiplayer video game, was developed by Imagineering and published by Mattel.
The Youanmi Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, which is part of Australia.
Panamaram is a village in the Wayanad district of India.
Seachange is a female horse born on November 14, 2002, in New Zealand.
Vakhromeyevo is a village in Russia that was founded in 1775.
Al Hamilton played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at specific times within the league.
Kamran Sheeraz was a member of the Shropshire County Cricket Club during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Vasiliki Soupiadou is a member of the Greece women's national football team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
Paandav is an action film from India, originally produced in the Hindi language.
Tide Pods are a type of laundry detergent pod and are produced as a product by the business Procter & Gamble.
Joe Shuster won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation for his work at a specific point in time.
Marc Lütolf was a member of the Switzerland national under-20 football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Nidanpur, Berasia is a village located in the Bhopal district of India.
Hrayr Mkoyan is a member of the sports team FC Mika, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Bob Landers, whose given name is Bob, is a human and a member of the Sydney Roosters sports team.
Renan Bressan is a member of the sports team APOEL FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Antonio Possevino was born in Mantua, where he started and ended a significant period of his life.
Clayton is an unincorporated community located in Stevens County, Washington, United States.
Extreme Pizza, a pizzeria chain that started in 1994, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
Rinaldo Francisco de Lima is a member of the Clube Atlético Mineiro, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Marcelo Saralegui was a member of the Uruguay Montevideo sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Feline Fuelled Games, a video game developer in the video game industry, was founded in 2005.
Abraham Mazumdar is a human who is a classical musician specializing in piano.
During the Soviet occupation of Manchuria, Linjiang was a location within the administrative territorial entity, experiencing the start and end of the occupation period.
The 2011 North Somerset Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in 2011.
Sunguvarchatram is a human settlement located in the Kanchipuram district of India.
Bear Valley is a census-designated place located in Alpine County, California, United States.
U.S. Bank Stadium is occupied by the Minnesota Vikings, who have a start time for their events that follows a specific schedule.
Enoch Oteng is a member of the sports team K. Lyra, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
January Zyambo is a member of the sports team Olympiakos Nicosia, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Eduardo Conget was a member of the sports team Burgos CF, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Wilson's Sandwich Shop, a business that began in 1936, is headquartered in Findlay, Ohio.
Kohar Khurd is a village in the Jalandhar district of India.
Bristol is an unincorporated community located in Pierce County, Georgia, in the United States.
Sanjay Yadav is a member of the Tamil Nadu cricket team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership on the team.
Wayne Township is a township located in Butler County, Ohio, United States. It is an administrative territorial entity within the state of Ohio.
Sterling Wescott was a member of the Utah Freezz sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
China National Petroleum Corporation was formed in Beijing, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of China.
Fernando Marchiori was a member of the Adap Galo Maringá Football Club, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Andrei Vlad is a member of the Romania national under-17 football team, having joined at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Yevgeni Chumachenko was a member of the FC Novokuznetsk sports team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Alan Wilkinson was a member of the New Zealand national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Simone del Pollaiolo worked in Rome, where he started his work at a certain time and ended it at another time.
Philip Arthur Whitcombe was a member of the Middlesex County Cricket Club, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Talel Chedly is a member of the sports team FC Baulmes, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Philippe Gardent is a handballer who was a member of the France national handball team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Mission Direct is an organization that was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Hitchin.
Johannes Hopf is a member of the sports team Ystads IF, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure there.
The Tahoe Rim Trail, which was established in 1981, is designated as a National Recreation Trail and is located within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
Valentino Sala was a member of the A.C. Monza sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Rocky Mountain House Airport is an airport located in Alberta, Canada.
Zaynah Vastani is a human who resides in India and has a sibling named Ziyah Vastani.
Vestal Watches, a business that began in 1997, has its headquarters in Costa Mesa, California.
Paulo Torres is a member of the sports team G.D. Chaves, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
HMS Rochfort, built in 1814, is a ship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The Waitt Institute is a nonprofit organization founded by Ted Waitt and sponsored by the Waitt Foundation.
The 2001 Tour de la Région Wallonne is an instance of a seasonal sporting event that took place in Belgium in 2001.
Robert Bouloux, a human with the given name Robert, has participated in the Tour de France.
Velna is a village located in Setomaa Parish, Estonia.
Alitalia had a subsidiary called Air One, which operated between specific start and end times.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Editing at a specific point in time.
Barro Preto is a municipality in the state of Bahia, Brazil.
Apra is a place located in Punjab, India, where Punjabi is spoken, written, or signed.
Massimiliano Caputo was a member of the sports team Matera Calcio, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times with the team.
Davis Falls is a waterfall located in Pokhara, Nepal.
Alessio Viola is a member of the Italy national under-21 football B team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Katariya, Kutch is a village in India located in the Bhachau Taluka administrative territorial entity.
Lake Idyl is a lake located in Florida, United States.
The Nephin Beg Range is a mountain range located in County Mayo, which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Anatoli Piskunov was a member of the FC Lokomotiv Moscow sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Rhydargaeau is a village located in Carmarthenshire, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Jardim Lindoia is a neighborhood in Porto Alegre, Brazil.
Michael Bogdanov won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director at a specific point in time.
Flip Simmons is a person with the given name Flip and the family name Simmons.
Nirmala Higher Secondary School in Muvattupuzha is a school located in Kerala, India.
The International Chamber of Shipping, an organization founded in 1921, has its headquarters located at St Mary Axe.
Barnaul is located in the West Siberian Krai and its association with the region began at a certain start time and ended at a certain end time.
Eduardo Vilches is a member of the sports team C.D. Cobreloa, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Geir Hasund was a member of the sports team Viking FK, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Andrés Guglielminpietro was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Takayuki Yamaguchi is a footballer who was a member of the sports team FC Machida Zelvia, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
David Sakvarelidze was born in Tbilisi, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Georgia, a country.
Barkan Industrial Park is an industrial park located in Barkan, which is part of the State of Palestine.
Soyuz MS-01, manufactured by Energia corporation, carried crew members Anatoli Ivanishin and Takuya Onishi.
Quickplay Media, a business that was founded in 2004, has its headquarters in Toronto.
StreetDance 3D is a film produced by HMV, featuring cast members from the group Flawless and Jocelyn Jee Esien.
Éric Chelle is a member of the Valenciennes FC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Abdallah Tazi is a citizen of Morocco and was a member of the Morocco national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Jamurki Union is a union council located in Mirzapur Upazila, which is part of Bangladesh.
Bombay Beach is a census-designated place located in Imperial County, California, United States.
The Tatra V570 is a car model manufactured by Tatra, and it was followed by the Tatra 97.
Nununyi is an archaeological site located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Martha S. Lewis, whose given name is Martha and surname is Lewis, was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
RateMyProfessors.com is an English-language review site that has been owned by Viacom since 2005.
Partick station is adjacent to Kelvinhall subway station and is connected to it via a line that runs in a specific direction.
Wrestle Kingdom III is a professional wrestling event held in Japan, featuring the sport of professional wrestling.
Garri Kalan is a village in Jharkhand, India.
Lilian Camberabero is a member of the France national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Highbury & Islington station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards King's Cross St Pancras.
Spigen, a business that was founded on January 1, 2004, has its headquarters in Irvine, California.
Andy Frederick, a human, attended St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, and is a member of the Dallas Cowboys sports team.
Diangi Matusiwa is a member of the sports team Almere City FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Krister Kristensson was a member of the Sweden national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Russia's national anthem, known as "Patrioticheskaya Pesnya," was in use during a specific period that started at a certain time and ended at another.
Zohan Rural District is an administrative division known as a Dehestan, located within the Zohan District in Iran.
KLMI is a radio station located in Wyoming, United States.
Poum, Struga is a village located in the Struga Municipality of North Macedonia.
Daniel Peláez is a member of the sports team Cienciano, though the specific start and end times of his membership with Cienciano are not provided.
The Lounge Lizards, a musical group named after a lounge lizard and founded by John Lurie, are signed to E.G. Records.
American Express acquired InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions, which operated as a subsidiary of American Express from its start time to its end time.
Alsódobsza is a municipality located in the Szerencs District of Hungary.
The Fiat 1400 and 1900 are cars manufactured by Fiat Automobiles and powered by petrol engines.
Dungarvan is a location in the Irish Free State, which had a defined start and end time for its existence.
Cedric Scott is a human who was educated at the University of Southern Mississippi and was a member of the Scottish Claymores sports team.
Bulloo Developmental Road is a street located in Queensland, Australia.
Austin Hayes was a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Gustavo Nery is a member of the Coritiba Foot Ball Club, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Khalfan Ibrahim is a member of the Qatar national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
David Trapp is a member of the Belize Defence Force FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Anton Powolny, whose given name is Antonio, is a human and a member of the Vienna Sportclub.
Kitanzini is a ward located in the Iringa Urban District of Tanzania.
Chucklefish is a video game developer headquartered in London and operates in the video game industry.
Janków is a village located in the Gmina Domaniów within the Lower Silesian Voivodeship of Poland.
The Irish Pictorial Weekly is a television series that started on 29 November 2012 and originally aired on RTÉ One.
The John Neely House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Irfan Pathan was a member of the India national cricket team, serving from his start time until his end time on the team.
The Wiggles Pty Ltd, an Australian business, was founded in 1991.
Athribis is an archaeological site and a tell located in Egypt.
Armando Vajushi was a member of the sports team A.C. ChievoVerona, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mamadi Sangare is a member of the sports team FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Cavedog Entertainment was a subsidiary of Humongous Entertainment, with a specified start time and end time for its relationship under Humongous Entertainment.
Alejandro Hisis is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Palestino, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Yury Mironov was a member of the sports team FC Khimik-Arsenal, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Pristina is located in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo. The specific time period during which it was part of this province is defined by a start time and an end time.
Portland Harbour is a port located in Dorset, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Zulfiqar Babar is a member of the Quetta Bears sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Abdul Shamsid-Deen is a member of the sports team Vaqueros de Bayamón, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Naldo, a footballer born in 1988, was a member of Oeste Futebol Clube, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
CITIC Limited is headquartered in Hong Kong, which is a country, and it started trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Gerard Bergholtz is a member of the sports team Feyenoord, though the specific start and end times of his membership with Feyenoord are not provided.
Gulran is a human settlement located in the Gulran District of Afghanistan.
The International Catholic Migration Commission was established as an organization in 1951 and has its headquarters in Geneva.
The Ulli Beier Museum is a museum located in Nigeria, founded by Ulli Beier.
The Catskill Game Farm, a zoo in the United States, was established in 1933.
Sergio Marcon is a member of the sports team Udinese Calcio, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Emilio, a Spanish footballer, was a member of the Spain national under-19 football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Joypul is a human settlement located in the North 24 Parganas district of India.
Hardus Viljoen is a member of the Multan Sultans sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Moama Football Club is an association football club based in Australia that plays the sport of association football.
The New General Service List, published on March 1, 2013, is a list based on the General Service List.
Sergio Velazquez, a footballer born in 1952, was a member of the Los Angeles Aztecs, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Ren DeGaris held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, starting at a certain time and ending at another specific time.
HMS Icarus (1885) is a ship that belongs to the United Kingdom and was operated by the Royal Navy.
Koulmasga is a human settlement located in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
Jérôme Gondorf is a member of the sports team ASV Durlach, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Ari Kelman was educated at the University of Wisconsin--Madison, where he obtained an academic degree.
Deh Now-e Esahaqabad is a village located in the Central District of Narmashir County in Iran.
The Munda languages are a language family that belong to the Austroasiatic languages and are described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Serhiy Borysenko is a member of the sports team FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, although the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Andrzej Bednarz is a member of the sports team Zob Ahan SC, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, where his tenure started and ended at specific times with the team.
The Vilafrancada was a rebellion that took place in Portugal in 1823.
Handvo is a type of food originating from India, and it includes wheat flour as one of its ingredients.
Fuentes del Valle is a human settlement located in the State of Mexico, which is part of Mexico.
Igor Uralyov is a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The ColecoVision is a home video game console manufactured by Coleco, which was discontinued in 1985.
Pentland Township is a township located in Luce County, Michigan, United States.
Samsara Blues Experiment is a hard rock band originating from Germany.
Daniel Bennett is a footballer who was a member of the Woodlands Wellington FC team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Zeka Goore is a member of the Telephonat Beni Suef SC, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Dunfermline High School is a secondary school located in Fife, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Taza Chocolate, a chocolaterie, was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The Takasaki Line connects with the Yamanote Line.
Muthana Khalid is a member of the sports team Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
"Pasionaria" is a TV series distributed by Cisneros Media, and it is originally in the Spanish language.
The 1987 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball season event that took place on January 1, 1987.
We Heart It, a website that was founded in 2011, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
Dimbulah, Queensland is located within the Electoral district of Hill and has a role associated with this electoral district.
New Gurgaon is a village in Haryana, India.
Watson Township is a township located in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.
Andrei Panfyorov was a member of the FC Torpedo Moscow sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The Woman's Temperance Publishing Association, a business established in 1879, had its headquarters in Illinois.
Marcelo Elizaga was a member of the Quilmes Atlético Club, with his membership starting and ending at unspecified times.
Curious Brewing, a brewery in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2011.
"A Seventh Man," a written work authored by John Berger, was published on January 1, 1975.
Suat Okyar is a member of the sports team Pendikspor, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Billy Vunipola was a member of the England national under-20 rugby union team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Theodore von Kármán received the ASME Medal at a specific point in time, conferred by the society.
The Homestead Harmonizers, a choir originating from the United States, were founded in 1988.
Roman Slavnov was a member of the FC Moscow sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Guido Carrillo is a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The 2015 Melton Borough Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in 2015.
Mariano González was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Northcourt Manor is an English country house and manor house located in the United Kingdom.
The Finance Centre is a skyscraper located in Taguig, Philippines.
Ryta Górka is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Nozdrzec.
The Deutsche Schule Bilbao was founded in 1917 and is located in Bilbao, Spain.
"Escape from China," authored by Zhang Boli and published on January 1, 1998, is a book.
Bassey William Andem is a member of the sports team Union Douala, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Celso Borges is a member of the sports team AIK Fotboll, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Hardest Day is part of the Battle of Britain and is located in England, United Kingdom.
Tansèga, Boudry is a human settlement located in the Boudry Department of Burkina Faso.
Leopold Gernhardt was a member of the sports team SK Rapid Wien, with specific start and end times for his membership.
Mor Dahan is a member of the Israel national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
"Cuando besa mi marido" is an Argentine television show with cast members Susana Campos and Santiago Rebull.
95th Street in Manhattan is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and is located in Manhattan, United States.
Gilberto Machado is a member of the Honduras national football team, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Sakado Castle is a Japanese castle located in Minamiuonuma, Japan.
Mikhail Trukhlov is a member of the sports team FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Springfield Interchange is an interchange located in Virginia, United States.
Reza Jabbari is a member of the sports team F.C. Aboumoslem, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School in Sulthan Bathery was established in 1977 and is a school located in India.
The 2013 Salisbury City Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in 2013.
The Ku Music Asian Music Awards, a music award ceremony that began in 2015, takes place in China.
Mapili is a human settlement located in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Meskiana District is an administrative district located in Oum El Bouaghi Province, Algeria, and it is an instance of the districts of Algeria.
Natascha Kohnen was born in Munich, which is located in an administrative territorial entity of Germany.
Edgaras is a male given name written in the Latin script and is used in the Lithuanian language.
Vovkovatytsia is a village in Ukraine, located in the Brody Raion administrative territorial entity.
Lake Owassa is a lake located in Frankford Township, New Jersey, United States.
Kruszka is a village in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland, located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Chojnice.
WPXC-TV, a television station in the United States, began operations in 1990.
"The Life and Times of Eddie Roberts" is an American television sitcom that originated in the United States and is an instance of a television series.
Thorsager is a town located in Syddjurs Municipality, Denmark.
Hugh Howie was a member of the Scotland national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Ura Gewog is a gewog, which is an administrative division, located in the Bumthang District of Bhutan.
LatinWorks is a business that was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
Sky Aviation, an airline based in Sierra Leone, operates with its hub at Lungi International Airport.
Singha Sports Club is a Sri Lankan cricket team that participates in first-class cricket.
The Nails is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music, with a focus on the new wave genre.
The South Devon Railway locomotive Taurus was operated by the South Devon Railway Company, which had a specific operational period starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
"Making a Living" is a film produced by Keystone Studios, featuring Minta Durfee and Charles Inslee in its cast.
Nsangi is a human settlement located in the Wakiso District of Uganda.
Alexis Gritchenko worked in Paris, with a specific start and end time for their tenure there.
The Jakarta--Merak Toll Road, a road in Indonesia, was inaugurated in 1984.
Adel Nefzi is a member of the sports team US Monastir, with specified start and end times for his membership.
The Hoffman Bridge is a covered bridge located in Crabtree, Oregon, United States.
Maxime Chanot is a member of the sports team Le Mans FC, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Jannaram, located in Enkoor mandal, is a village in the Khammam district of India.
Royal Tramp is a narrative set in the Qing dynasty, originating from Hong Kong, and features Ng Man-tat in its cast.
Filippos Darlas was a member of the Greece national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Albert Hall in Nottingham is an architectural structure designed by architect Albert Edward Lambert in the Baroque Revival style.
Giuseppe Miccolis was a member of the sports team FC Lugano, with his membership starting and ending at certain times with the team.
Heart South Devon is a radio station that began operating in 1999 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Macroplaza Mall is located in Texas, United States, and it was established in 1982.
QuickBird had a significant event, which was its rocket launch. The launch occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Ron Kind was educated at the London School of Economics, where he obtained an academic degree.
Tekstilshchiki District is a district of Moscow in Russia, located within the South-Eastern Administrative Okrug.
Jeroen Lambers is a member of the FC Groningen sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Llanmiloe is a village located in Carmarthenshire, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
H.V. Hordern was a member of the Australia national cricket team, serving from a starting time to an ending time.
The Radio Research Consortium, a business that began in 1981, has its headquarters in Olney, Maryland.
Molkom is an urban area in Sweden located within Karlstad Municipality.
Matt Koalska played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times in the league.
Luk Bawan is a village in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, located in India.
The National Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka, an organization founded in 1986, has its headquarters in Colombo.
Athens was the capital of the Kingdom of Greece during the period when the kingdom existed, from its start time to its end time.
The Barry Railway Class E was manufactured by Hudswell Clarke. The production of this class by Hudswell Clarke started and ended at certain times, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
Ebeotsu Station is adjacent to Takikawa Station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Takikawa Station.
Dragoș Plopeanu was a member of the sports team CS Inter Gaz București, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kevin Stevens played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times in the league.
Lower Truro is a human settlement located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Jumia Travel, a business headquartered in Lagos, was founded in 2013.
Paul Wolters, who held a habilitation and was a member of the German Archaeological Institute, is buried at the Alter Friedhof in Bonn.
Juan Andrés Larré is a member of the sports team C.A. Bella Vista, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
George Baker held the position of President of the Family Division, serving from a start time to an end time.
Maynard Ashcroft was a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Evgeni Malkin received the Art Ross Trophy at a specific point in time.
Jean Carlo Witte played for the Brazil national under-20 football team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure.
Mayfly is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was formed in 2012.
Rafael Márquez Lugo was a member of the Mexico national football team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Emine Demir is a member of the Turkey women's national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
Guangximen station is adjacent to Shaoyaoju station and is connected to it via a connecting line. From Guangximen station, you can travel towards Shaoyaoju station.
North Eleuthera is a local government entity in The Bahamas, located within the country's administrative territorial boundaries.
"Cade's County" is an English-language television show composed by Henry Mancini, which originally aired on the CBS network.
OneClimate, a business that began in 2006, has its headquarters in London.
CINAHL is a bibliographic database published by EBSCO Industries, with its main subject being nursing.
B-Scada is a public company with its headquarters in Crystal River, Florida.
Benhalima Rouane is a member of the USM Blida sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Tennis Channel Open is a tennis tournament held in Las Vegas and follows the ATP Scottsdale tournament.
Greg Wright was a member of the Staffordshire County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ramsey St Mary's is a village located in Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom.
The International School Bangalore was founded in 2001 and is a school located in India.
Parag Tyagi, a human, resides in Mumbai and is married to Shefali Zariwala.
The City Canal is a canal located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom.
Sam Kennedy, a footballer born in 1881, was a member of the Scotland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Orven is a cycling team that was founded in 2009 and is based in Mexico.
Osamu Tezuka won the Kodansha Manga Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Connie Morella was educated at Boston University, where she earned an academic degree.
Campo Municipal de Aterrizaje Airport is an airport located in Uruguay that serves the town of Minas, Uruguay.
Charles Turner was a member of the New South Wales cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
James Wall is a footballer who was a member of the Nashville Metros, with his involvement starting at a certain time and ending at another time with the team.
East Rockingham is a census-designated place located in Richmond County, North Carolina, in the United States.
Joy Burke, whose family name is Bao, is a human who competes in women's basketball.
SULO is an Australian rock band that performs alternative rock, originating from Australia.
The Anniston--Oxford metropolitan area is a metropolitan statistical area located in Alabama, United States.
Weerawut Kayem is a member of the Thailand national under-20 football team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Djamal Mahamat is a member of the sports team S.C. Beira-Mar, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Ramapuram Sree Rama Temple is a temple located in the Kottayam district of India.
John S. Knight received the Maria Moors Cabot Prizes at a specific point in time.
BancABC, a business that began operations in 1997, has its headquarters in Gaborone.
The Wanne Observation Tower is an observation tower located in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany.
Payless Cashways is a retail business with its headquarters located in Missouri.
The Crepulje mine is a lead-producing mine located in Kosovo.
Pedro Almeida, a footballer born in 1993, was a member of S.C.U. Torreense, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Rajinder Kumar is a footballer who was a member of the Indian Arrows team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Keith Reddin was educated at Northwestern University, where he obtained an academic degree.
The Timber Lake Playhouse is a theatrical troupe located in Illinois, United States.
Arne Friedrich was a member of the sports team SC Verl, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time at the team.
Breach Candy is a neighborhood located in Mumbai, India.
Paul Weatherwax is a human with the given name Paul and the family name Weatherwax, known as a botanist.
The Statenvertaling is an edition of the Bible that was published in 1637.
Bairabi is a human settlement located in the Kolasib district of India.
Sadao Fuchigami is a human who is a member of the Social Democratic Party in Japan and speaks Japanese.
The Conventicle Act in Sweden was in effect for a specific period, starting at a certain time and ending at another time within the jurisdiction of Sweden.
Eduard Koptily is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Mike Garrett played for the Kalamazoo Kangaroos soccer team, with specific details about his start and end times with the team provided. However, the exact start and end times are not specified in the given information.
Akil Blount is a member of the Orlando Apollos, where he started playing for the team in a specific role or specialty.
Dhaner Dam is a dam located in India, specifically on the Tapti River.
Anzal is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
HealthLinkBC is a Canadian organization that was established in 2001.
Yevhen Seleznyov was a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
Francis Joseph is a footballer who was a member of the K.R.C. Genk sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Alexander Kruglov was born in Veliky Ustyug, which is located in an administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Henri Bienvenu was a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Yana Troyanova received the Kinotavr award at a specific point in time.
Kumar Navale is a human who participated in the 1920 Summer Olympics representing India.
Ilia Spiridonov was born in Kazan, which is located in an administrative territorial entity within Russia.
Viv Richards was a member of the Combined Islands cricket team, serving from its start time until its end time.
Mud Lake, located in Warren, New York, is a lake in the United States.
The 2000 Rugby Borough Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in the year 2000.
Ivan Romanchuk is a member of the sports team MFC Kremin Kremenchuk, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Igor Shitov was a member of the Belarus national under-19 football team, with a defined period of membership that had a start and end time.
Kodi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple located in Tamil Nadu, India.
Ese Odo is a local government area in Ondo State, Nigeria.
Westport High School, located in Westport, Massachusetts, is a high school in the United States.
Gleb Boglayevskiy is a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"A Gang Story" was filmed in Lyon, with the filming starting and ending at specific times in the city.
Jonathan Wilmet is a member of the sports team K.M.S.K. Deinze, having joined through an acquisition transaction.
Ronaldo Pompeu was a member of the S.S. Lazio sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Tamatoa Tetauira is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team A.S. Dragon in Tahiti.
Take Wing is a thoroughbred horse born in the United States in 1938.
Sharif Kandi is a village located in the West Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
Mike Brown, a safety, was a member of the Kansas City Chiefs, with his tenure starting and ending at some specified times for the team.
Cormorant Cave is a cave located in Gibraltar, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Ravi Opi is a village development committee located in the Kavrepalanchok District of Nepal.
Duncan Ross is a Scottish politician with the given name Duncan and the family name Ross, and he is a member of the Scottish National Party.
Henry Sweet invented Current Shorthand in 1892, and it is an instance of shorthand.
Vaidotai railway station is a train station located in Vilnius, which is an administrative territorial entity in Lithuania.
Koluel Kayke is a municipality located in the Deseado Department of Argentina.
Washburn School is a school located in Washburn, Tennessee, in the United States.
Jahada is a village development committee located in the Nawalparasi District of Nepal.
The 2nd Battalion of Norway was established in 2003 and is an instance of a battalion in the Norwegian military.
Nikola Gligorov was a member of the sports team Alki Larnaca FC, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Gehri Buttar is a village located in the Bathinda district of India.
Kennford is a village located in Kenn, Devon, in the United Kingdom.
Mountview Cemetery in Billings, Montana, is a cemetery located in the state of Montana, United States.
"Down in It" is a song with lyrics by Trent Reznor, originating from the United States, and it is followed by the song "Head Like a Hole."
The Kakamigahara Air and Space Museum, a science museum located in Japan, was inaugurated on March 23, 1996.
Baden bei Wien is a city that was part of the Austrian Empire during its entire existence, from the start to the end of the empire's rule.
The Beijing Midi School of Music, a music school in China, was founded in 1993.
Sebastian Pelzer is a member of the sports team Dynamo Dresden, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
West Peculiar Township is a township in Cass County, Missouri, which is part of the United States. It is listed among the townships in Missouri.
"Castes in India: Their Mechanism, Genesis and Development" is a book written by B.R. Ambedkar in the English language.
Gustavo Noboa worked at the Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil, starting and ending his employment there at specific times.
The Alexander Hotel in Reidsville, Georgia, is a hotel located in the United States.
Li Fusheng was a member of the China national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Tarmoola Station is a human settlement located in Western Australia, which is a country entity within Australia.
Dainkwan is a village located in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Mariella Lotti was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a specific start and end time for its reign.
Oleg Morozov, a footballer born in 1966, was a member of FC Fakel Voronezh, where he started and ended his tenure with the team. However, specific start and end times for his membership are not provided in the given information.
Izunna Uzochukwu is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland.
GovHack is a recurring event that was first held in 2009.
Dines, Wyoming is a ghost town located in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.
Mitchell Creek in South Dakota is a stream located in the United States, specifically within the state of South Dakota.
Aleksandr Zobnin is a member of the sports team FC Zvezda Irkutsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Worcester city walls are a defensive structure located in Worcester, United Kingdom.
Pyatigorsk was part of the Caucasus Governorate, which had a specific start and end time for its administration.
Norley Hall is a Grade II listed building and an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
The Brooks County Public Library is a public library located in the United States and is part of the Georgia Public Library Service.
Hedeyli, Hayrabolu is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Hayrabolu, Turkey.
Scott Cuthbert is a member of the Scotland national under-20 football team, with a defined period of membership that includes both a start and an end time.
AMC-3 had a significant event, which was a rocket launch that occurred at a specific location and point in time.
New Dublin Voices, a choir, was formed in Dublin in 2005.
Moreno Costanzo is a member of the sports team FC St. Gallen, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The 2006 Cambridge municipal election was a municipal election held in Canada in 2006.
Chico Ramos is a member of FC Porto and the Portugal national under-17 football team, and he participated in the Football event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Pablo Rotchen was a member of the Argentina national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership with the team.
W.P.C. Davies was a member of the England national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Vincent Bessat is a member of the sports team FC Metz, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
KSGM is a radio station located in Missouri, United States.
The Lizzie Robinson House is a building located in Nebraska, United States.
The 2007 Wyre Borough Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in 2007.
Cristian Martins Cabral is a member of the Itumbiara Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Elm Park tube station is adjacent to Dagenham East tube station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Dagenham East.
Maarten van Garderen is a member of the sports team Modena Volley, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Joseph Alioto was educated at Saint Mary's College of California, where he obtained an academic degree.
Artem Shtanko is a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Michel Alves is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the club.
Latimer Road tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station and connects to it via a line that ends at Shepherd's Bush Market tube station.
Jamie-Jerry Taulagi is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Peter Millar is a footballer who was a member of the Phoenix Inferno sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Oliver Beer is a member of the FC Bayern Munich II sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Belgium's participation in the UEFA European Championship is an instance of a nation competing in a sports competition, where the country Belgium competes in association football.
Joseph Laumann was a member of the VfB Lübeck sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Llapo District is a district in the Pallasca Province of Peru and is an instance of the districts of Peru.
Sesalac is a village located in Sokobanja, which is an administrative territorial entity in Serbia.
Hutchinson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States.
Amashca District is a district in the Carhuaz Province of Peru and is an instance of the districts of Peru.
The 1971 South Pacific Touring Series was a season of motorsport events held in Australia during 1971.
The South Wales Amateur League, which began in 1946, is an association football league that focuses on the sport of association football.
Carlos Brathwaite is a member of the Delhi Capitals sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Diego Rangel is a member of the sports team Palamós CF, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The 2010 Bassetlaw District Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in early 2010.
Andrei Panyukov was a member of the Russia national under-17 football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Chinthaka Jayasinghe is a member of the Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Sitgreaves House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Adamczowice is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Klimontów.
Aleksei Tyurgashkin is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Kostroma, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Gonzalo Damian Marronkle is a member of the sports team F.C. Marco, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Chelsea School District is a school district located in Michigan, United States.
Vryotopos is a human settlement located in the Tyrnavos Municipality in Greece.
Nicola Rigoni is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, with specific start and end times for his membership with the team.
Vasco Matos was a member of the sports team S.C. Olhanense, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kandola Khurd is a village located in the Jalandhar district of India.
St Joseph's High School in Crossmaglen, Northern Ireland, was founded in 1961 and is an instance of a high school, as categorized in North America.
Kao Yip Middle School, established in 1910, is a school located in China.
Frank Cremeans was educated at Ohio University, where he obtained an academic degree before completing his studies.
Globo plc, a business that began operations in 1997, has its headquarters in London.
Lenny Jacobson is a human with the given name Lenny and the surname Jacobson.
Kotlovka District is a district of Moscow located in the South-Western Administrative Okrug of Russia.
Ping Pong Entertainment, a filmmaking company based in Bangladesh, was established in 2014.
"The Book of Thoth" by Aleister Crowley is a written work that was published on March 21, 1944.
The 2016 Wind Energy Holding Bangkok Open took place from August 29, 2016, to September 4, 2016, in Bangkok.
The Mars Area School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Seaman Stadium is a stadium located in Alberta, Canada.
Hennadiy Popovych is a member of the sports team FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kjell Kaspersen was a member of the Norway national football team, serving from a starting time until an ending time.
Abraham Laboriel speaks, writes, and signs in Spanish, plays the bass guitar, and his son is Abe Laboriel Jr.
100 Women in Hedge Funds, a business organization that was founded in 2001, has its headquarters in New York City.
San Mar is a census-designated place located in Washington County, Maryland, United States.
Upin & Ipin originally aired on Hungama TV, starting at a specific time and was presented in a particular language.
Dagon Seikkan Township is a township in Myanmar, located in Yangon.
Momodu Mutairu is a member of the sports team Montedio Yamagata, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
McNee Ranch State Park is a California state park located in the administrative territorial entity of California, United States.
Postcards is a band from Lebanon that performs indie folk music and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Gordon Hill played for the Nova Scotia Clippers, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Tower Gateway DLR station is part of the Docklands Light Railway and is located at Tower Hill, where it serves as an interchange station connecting to Fenchurch Street railway station.
Marilyn Friedman works at Washington University in St. Louis, where she holds a position in her field of work.
Ramón Latorre worked at the University of Chicago, with a specific start and end time during his employment there.
The Nicasio School District is a school district located in California, United States.
Larry Mac Duff is a human who played American football, with "Larry" being his given name.
Josip Bonacin is a member of the sports team NK Dugopolje, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Peter Worrell played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times in the league.
Axalto, a business that began operations on January 1, 2004, has its headquarters in Paris.
Richard Magyar is a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Castle Bay is a General Service Area located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
The 2007 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament was a baseball season event that took place in 2007.
Anthony Parsons served as the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, holding this position from a specified start time to a specified end time.
Amin Affane is a member of the sports team FC Energie Cottbus, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Carlos Humberto González was a member of the sports team Club Universidad Nacional, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Kenny MacDonald is a footballer who was a member of the sports team Happy Valley AA, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
William Kozlowski is a member of the Cuiabá Esporte Clube, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Duncan Hodge was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Raccoon Creek is a river located in Missouri, United States.
Grobice is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Chynów.
Darius Vassell was a member of the England national under-18 football team, with a defined period of membership that had a starting and ending time.
The geothermal areas of Yellowstone, which are part of a territorial entity, are located within Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
Vladimir Martynenko was born in Kiev, which is located in an administrative territorial entity within Ukraine.
Léo Lima is a member of the sports team FC Porto, though the specific start and end times of his membership with FC Porto are not provided.
The Real Heroes Award, an award established in 2008, is given in India.
Joseph Melling worked in Strasbourg, where his tenure started and ended at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Ex-Muslims of North America is an organization that was founded on September 28, 2013, in the United States.
Johnny Sack is a television character performed by Vincent Curatola and appears in the show "The Sopranos."
Our Lady's College in Hong Kong was founded in 1952 and is a secondary school located in China.
"The Morning Never Came" is an English-language song with both lyrics and music composed by Juha Raivio.
Vitali Yelsukov was a member of the sports team FC Krasnoznamensk, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Wisconsin State Baseball League, which was founded in 1970, is a sports league that focuses on baseball.
The San Ardo Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II, manufactured and designed by Textron Marine & Land Systems, originates from the United States.
Ivaylo Kirov is a member of the sports team FC Velbazhd Kyustendil, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Nikita Bezlikhotnov is a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Mary E. Moss Academy is an educational institution located in Maryland, United States.
Warley Silva dos Santos is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Doci is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Kiseljak, which is part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
John Algeo was educated at the University of Miami, where he obtained an academic degree.
Stanton Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States.
Wayne Simonds, whose given name is Wayne, is a human and a member of the Wests Panthers sports team.
Thierry Bayock is a member of the R.R.F.C. Montegnée sports team, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Salvador Salguero is a member of the sports team FBC Melgar, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Alessandra Cianchetta was educated at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia, where she obtained an academic degree at a specific point in time.
Adrian Madaschi is a member of the sports team Jeju United FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Alan Phillips played for the Cardiff RFC, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Doublebois is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Dobwalls and Trewidland.
Zapatismo is a social movement named after Emiliano Zapata and is based in Mexico.
Ponhea Kraek District is a district located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.
Federico Crovari is a member of the sports team Calcio Padova, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
TransNamib, a railway company in Namibia, was established in 1895 and operates on a 3 ft 6 in gauge railway system.
The + 2's is a rock and pop band from Brazil, with Brazil being their country of origin.
Vladislav Duyun is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Moscow, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Veliko Golovode is a human settlement located in Serbia, which is both its country and administrative territorial entity.
Bartosz Rymaniak is a member of the sports team KS Cracovia, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Vittorio Casaretti was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
The Yokosuka E14Y is a family of aircraft originating from Japan and was operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Brad Smith played for the Cincinnati Silverbacks soccer team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Gisela of France, a member of the Carolingian dynasty, was the sister of Louis IV of France and was married to Rollo.
EBC Hochschule, a business school, was founded in 2007 and is located in Neustadt, Hamburg.
The Submarine Escape Training Facility in Australia was established on January 1, 1987, and is located in Western Australia.
Derek B. Miller was educated at both the University of Geneva and Sarah Lawrence College, and he speaks, writes, or signs the English language.
Rosdi Talib is a member of the Pahang FA sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
The LNER Thompson Class A2/3 was operated by the London and North Eastern Railway, which had a start time and an end time for its operation of this class of locomotives.
Cesidio Colasante was a member of the Hershey Wildcats, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Man Thet is a human settlement located in Hkamti District, Myanmar.
Hylton Colliery is a coal mine located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
The Jubilee Bridge in India is a railway bridge that crosses the Hooghly River.
AEP Paphos FC won the Cypriot Second Division, securing their victory in the league.
The 2015 Atlantic 10 Conference Baseball Tournament was a baseball season event that took place in 2015.
Przydawki is a village in Poland, located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.
Florinel Mirea is a member of the sports team FC U Craiova 1948, with specified start and end times for his membership.
The Kingstone School, which is a school in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1978.
Robert Mugabe held the position of Prime Minister of Zimbabwe, serving from a specific start time to an end time.
The 1976 NAIA Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball season that took place in January 1976.
The Guduvaiyar River is a river located in Tamil Nadu, which is an administrative territorial entity in India.
Clever Lane Montessori School, which is a school in the Philippines, was founded in the year 2000.
Dariusz Romuzga was a member of the sports team Hutnik Nowa Huta, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Birla Sun Life Asset Management, a business owned by the Aditya Birla Group, was established in 1994.
José Luis Deus was a member of the Spain national under-18 football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Terminal Reality is a privately held company formed in Dallas that operates in the video game industry.
The Midland Railway 990 Class was manufactured at Derby Works, with production starting and ending at specified times at the facility.
Satwas is a human settlement located in the Dewas district of India.
Timpendean Tower is a castle located in the Scottish Borders, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Kenroy Peters is a member of the Windward Islands cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Spruce Creek Township is a township located in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Mohammad Nami is a member of the sports team Al-Fateh SC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Bristol Mountain Ski Resort is a ski resort located in New York state, United States.
Classic Vinyl, a radio station owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio, was founded on January 1, 2002.
Michael Schimpelsberger was a member of the Austria national under-17 football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
"Dark Lord of Derkholm" is an English language work published by Victor Gollancz Ltd, and it is followed by "Year of the Griffin."
Cookstown Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada.
Wote is a human settlement located in Makueni County, Kenya.
KOKZ is a radio station located in Iowa, United States.
Analysis of Functional NeuroImages is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License and is used in scientific research.
Trimax Mowing Systems, a business that began in 1981, has its headquarters located in Tauranga.
Kamal Ibrahim is a footballer who was a member of the Port Melbourne SC, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Kusgaon Budruk is a human settlement located in the Pune district of India.
Kiwa Creek is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada.
Crosshill is a district located in Glasgow City, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Samuel Montefiore Waxman earned his Bachelor of Arts at a specific point in time.
Cleiton Xavier was a member of the sports team FC Metalist Kharkiv, with a specified start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Oil City is an unincorporated community located in Yazoo County, Mississippi, in the United States.
Valter Birsa is a member of the sports team ND Gorica, though the specific start and end times of his membership with ND Gorica are not provided.
Clear Creek Township is a township located in Jasper County, Iowa, United States.
Edward Jackett was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
John Byrne is a human who is known by the given name John and is a musician who plays the guitar.
Glenys Page is a member of the Auckland Hearts sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
"The Runestaff" is an English-language work originating from the United States, and it follows "The Sword of the Dawn."
Watty Allan, a human, was a member of both Kettering Town F.C. and Blackpool F.C.sports teams.
Hakusan Station in Tokyo, which officially opened on June 30, 1972, is connected by the Toei Mita Line and is adjacent to Kasuga Station in Tokyo.
Westlands Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station located in California, United States.
Wim Hofkens was a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Joy Schoonhoven, whose given name is Joy, is a human and a member of the sports team Almere City FC.
Arlington is a neighborhood located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ludwig Bründl was a member of the sports team Eintracht Braunschweig, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Gerald Holton received the George Sarton Medal and earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree under the guidance of Percy Williams Bridgman.
Cosmo Oil Company, a Kabushiki gaisha (a type of Japanese joint-stock company), operates in the petroleum industry and is a member of the Petroleum Association of Japan.
Miramar in Weinheim is located in Weinheim, and the term "Miramar (Weinheim)" seems to be associated with a specific time period defined by a start time and an end time in Weinheim.
Stringston is a civil parish located in West Somerset, United Kingdom.
Trace McSorley was a member of the Penn State Nittany Lions sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Christopher Cox was educated at the University of Southern California, where he obtained an academic degree.
Felice Fanetti's citizenship is Italian, but the specific start and end times of his Italian citizenship are not provided.
Ryan Patel, whose given name is Ryan, is a human and a member of the Surrey County Cricket Club.
In the 1951 film "Alice in Wonderland," Thurl Ravenscroft voiced a character and was part of the cast.
Marcelo Cordeiro is a member of the Clube Atlético Bragantino, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Bordertown, an American TV series in American English, premiered on the Fox Broadcasting Company on January 3, 2016.
The West Gervais Street Historic District is a historic district in the United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Longchaeng District is a district in Xaisomboun Province, Laos.
Victor Bolt is a member of Madureira Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership at the club.
Ion Adrian Zare is a member of the sports team Pécsi MFC, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Wellington Koo was a citizen of the Qing dynasty, which spanned from its start time to its end time.
Milford is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Belper, Derbyshire.
The 2008 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Final was an association football match held in Indonesia in 2008.
Palazzo Di Gregorio is a building located in Alcamo, Italy.
Nikolaos Nakas is a member of the sports team TSV Crailsheim, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Chris Tancill played in the National Hockey League, with specific start and end times for his tenure in the league.
Arthur Kingscote was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club, with a defined membership period that had both a start and an end time.
Glen Riddle Farm is a geographical feature located in Maryland, United States.
Dmitri Akimov is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Theresa Creek Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia.
Peribit Networks, a business based in the United States, was founded in the year 2000.
North Thurston Public Schools is a school district located in Thurston County, Washington, United States.
Caryae, located in Arcadia, was an ancient city that existed during the time period of Ancient Greece and was part of Ancient Greek culture.
Andrés Sabido was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Shane Smeltz was a member of the Wellington Phoenix FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Vladimir Malakhov played for PFC Dynamo Stavropol, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Richard Pellejero was a member of the sports team Club Nacional de Football, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Deniz Aycicek is a member of the MSV Duisburg II sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her membership.
Pind Purana is a village located in the Gurdaspur district of India.
Kota Fukatsu is a member of the Kashiwa Reysol sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Charles Edward Brooke School is a grammar school located in Camberwell, United Kingdom.
Jamie Field is a human with the given name Jamie and is a member of the Wakefield Trinity sports team.
Richmond Road in Sydney is a road located in New South Wales, Australia.
Hathersage Road in Sheffield is a street located in the city of Sheffield, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Emlyn Davies was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, with specific start and end times for his membership.
Stanley Aborah, a footballer born in 1969, was a member of Seongnam FC, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
The Soho Line is a railway line in North Korea that officially opened on December 15, 1936.
Davoud Haghi is a member of the sports team Zob Ahan SC, with specified start and end times for his membership.
BETC, a business that began in 1995, has its headquarters in Paris.
Christ University is headquartered in Bangalore, which is located in a specific street within the country.
"Survival!" is an English-language publication by Baen Books.
The Taff Vale Railway H class was operated by the Taff Vale Railway, serving from its start time to its end time.
Fred Hoiberg was a member of the Indiana Pacers, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Severo Cominelli was an Italian citizen, with his citizenship starting and ending at certain times in Italy.
Kanstantsin Sivtsov is a member of the sports team Team Ineos, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Wim Bleijenberg was a member of the FC Wageningen sports team, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time at the club.
Borja Granero is a member of the Valencia CF Mestalla sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Cairnorrie is a village located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Kunzer is a human settlement located in the Baramulla district of India.
The Embassy of the State of Palestine in North Korea is an embassy located in North Korea and operated by the State of Palestine.
Yalta was part of the Soviet Union during a specific period that had a defined start and end time.
Embankment tube station is connected by the Bakerloo line, which links it to adjacent stations.
Jonathan Asp was a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Andrey Aleksanenkov is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Westgate High School is a high school located in the United States and is part of the Iberia Parish School System.
The Paragould School District is a school district located in Arkansas, United States.
John Martis was a member of the Scotland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
"Crispino e la comare" is an opera with a libretto written by Francesco Maria Piave and composed by Federico Ricci, which had its first performance on February 28, 1850.
The Vancouver Japanese Language School, which is a school in Canada, was established on January 1, 1906.
India Square is a neighborhood located in Jersey City, New Jersey, in the United States.
The Hampshire and Hampden Canal is a canal located in Massachusetts, United States.
Spilhaus Inlet is a fjord located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Indian film "Hoi Choi" features Rahul Banerjee and Priyanka Sarkar in its cast.
Margot Gerritsen works at Stanford University, where she holds a position that she began in the specified start time.
Marjorie Villis is a female human.
King George Hall in Kolar Gold Fields is a city hall located in Kolar Gold Fields, India.
James Franklin, a cricketer, was a member of the Essex County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
John Slattery won the Satellite Award for Best Cast in a Television Series for his work at a specific point in time.
Bitburg Middle-High School, a high school located in Germany, was founded in 1956.
Ingrave is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Herongate and Ingrave.
Igor José Marigo de Castro is a member of the sports team Yokohama FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Albert Eschenmoser received the Welch Award in Chemistry at a specific point in time, and he was affiliated with the award.
The Kapilesvara Siva Temple is a Hindu temple located in Bhubaneswar, which is an administrative territorial entity in India.
Kahelabad is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Sylvia Smit is a member of the FC Twente Vrouwen sports team, with specified start and end times for her membership.
Frank Paulus is a member of the sports team SC Borea Dresden, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The 1956 Buenos Aires Grand Prix, a sporting event held on February 5, 1956, was won by Juan Manuel Fangio.
The 2003 McDonald's All-American Boys Game was a basketball event that took place in 2003 as part of a seasonal sports series.
Mount Wudinna is a mountain located in South Australia, which is part of Australia.
Khandashi is a village in the Pune district of India.
Gertrude Himmelfarb received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Jacques Stroweis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects and is noted for his work in this category.
Animal Control Products Limited, a business that was founded in 1991, has its headquarters in Whanganui.
Lawrence Summers was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he obtained an academic degree.
Andrey Pyshnik is a member of the sports team FC RUOR Minsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Edward Nicholson was employed by the Bodleian Library, where he held a subject-related role until his tenure ended.
Amrhut is a village located in the Central District of Chabahar County in Iran.
The Fourth Ministry of Machine Building was established in China in 1963 and was abolished in 1993.
Federico Agliardi is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Avondale Road railway station is a train station in New Zealand that officially opened in 1881.
Michihiro Yasuda was a member of the Japan national under-23 football team during a specific period that had a defined start and end time.
"Starring Tracy Beaker" is an English-language production that follows "The Dare Game" and is followed by "The Story of Tracy Beaker."
Jan van der Veen is a member of the Sparta Rotterdam sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Peter Stent worked in London, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
Serafim Mihaylov is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Plovdiv, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Roger Guerreiro is a member of the sports team Esporte Clube Juventude, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The Neath & District League, an association football sports league, was established in 1931.
Kobe-Sannomiya Station is connected to the Port Island Line, which starts from the station and is operated by a designated operator.
Warm Springs is a city located in Meriwether County, Georgia, in the United States.
Diogo Correa de Oliveira is a member of the sports team Santos FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Jussi Nuorela is a member of the sports team PSV Eindhoven, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Sinaut is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Keriam, Tutong, in the country of Brunei.
Tupiniquins Ecological Station, located in Brazil, was established as an ecological station on January 1, 1986.
Thibault Moulin is a member of the Stade Malherbe Caen sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Marat Voranaw is a member of the sports team FC Orsha, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Liam Dawson is a member of the Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Roman Adamov is a member of the sports team FC Sibir Novosibirsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
José Antonio Vélez is a member of the sports team FC Andorra, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Sea Installer is a ship manufactured by COSCO and is registered in Denmark.
Seelampur is a constituency of the Delhi Legislative Assembly located in the administrative territorial entity of Delhi, India.
Krzysztof Król was a member of the sports team Real Madrid CF, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Run Boy Run is a band from the United States that performs bluegrass music, and they are categorized as a rock and pop band.
Issa Sarr is a member of the sports team ASC Diaraf, though the specific start and end times of his membership with ASC Diaraf are not provided.
George Hughes was a member of the England national rugby union team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Nazim Ajiev is a member of the sports team FC Orto-Nur Sokuluk, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
"Sade's album 'Promise' is in English and was released after 'Diamond Life' and before 'Stronger Than Pride'."
Carl Valeri was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
West Green is a village in the Hart District of Hampshire, United Kingdom.
Eric Gioia, whose full name is Eric Gioia, was educated at New York University.
Michael Bevan was a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Tenema N'Diaye is a member of Al Wahda FC, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
"Imagining the Balkans," a book authored by Maria Todorova, was published on January 1, 1997.
The LNWR Class B was manufactured at Crewe Works, with production starting and ending during specific times at the facility.
Beretra Bevoay is a commune located in the Farafangana district of Madagascar.
Michael Liendl is a member of the sports team FK Austria Wien, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The Genesee and Water Street Railroad, a railway line in the United States, was established on January 1, 1865.
The Birmingham Bulls, based in the Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL), is an ice hockey team located in the United States.
Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in Luxembourg where rugby union is played.
Graeme White was a member of the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Mokrelipie is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Radecznica, Poland.
Johan Malcolm is a member of the Loughborough MCC University sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Elaine Lee is a member of the New Zealand women's national football team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
St. Brieux Airport is an airport located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ezra Vogel was employed at Yale University, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times.
Robert Hawkes was a member of the England national football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Oumar Diaby is a member of the RCO Agde sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Donald Ford was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, serving during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Jaipur International Airport offers scheduled services to Raja Bhoj Airport, which is operated by IndiGo, although the second triple about the operator is redundant. Therefore, the concise description is:\n\nJaipur International Airport provides scheduled flights to Raja Bhoj Airport, which is operated by IndiGo.
The film "Chagall" was directed by photography expert Jean Bourgoin, originated from the United States, and was originally produced in the French language.
Ogba Zoo, a zoo in Nigeria, was established on January 1, 1965.
Exeter Guildhall is a Grade I listed building in the United Kingdom and serves as an example of a guildhall.
Daniele Contrini was a member of the Tinkoff Credit Systems sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Martin Groth is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Jimmy Ashcroft, whose given name is Jimmy, is a human and a member of the Tranmere Rovers F.C. sports team.
Kanakarayan Aru is a watercourse located in Sri Lanka, with its mouth flowing into the Chundikkulam Lagoon.
The Youngstown Patricians were an American football team based in the United States that played the sport of American football.
Raramuthirakkottai is a village in the Papanasam taluk of India.
Vladimir Lugovskoy was educated at Moscow State University and Real College in Tsarskoe Selo (School 500), and he is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.
Damada is a human settlement located in the Metoumou administrative territorial entity of Mali.
The Chicago Theatre is operated by the Columbus Association for the Performing Arts, which began its association with the theatre at a certain start time and will continue until an end time.
The 1998 Euro Open by Nissan was a season of sports held in Spain during 1998.
"Gegen Engeland" was a German-language newspaper that began publication in Brest in 1940.
Mark Ferner played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times within the league.
The 1983 CFL season was a Canadian football season that took place in Canada during 1983.
The Guépard II XJ01 is a Belgian aircraft that had its first flight on May 28, 2009.
The Ballarat Roller Derby League, an Australian sports league, was founded in 2008.
Mabel Corby, a female athlete, is a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
André Turcat received the Harmon Trophy at a specific point in time.
Angela Gerekou is married to Tolis Voskopoulos. They started their partnership at a specific place and time.
Tomasz Kuszczak was a member of the Poland national under-18 football team during a specific period that had a defined start and end time.
Hugh Hefner had a partnership with Brande Roderick, which began at a certain start time and ended at a certain end time.
Leslie Valiant was employed at Carnegie Mellon University, where he started and later ended his tenure.
Cayetano Ré was a member of the FC Barcelona sports team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
The University of Franche-Comté is located in Dole, Jura. However, the specific start and end times related to its presence in Dole, Jura, are not provided.
Denilson Martins Nascimento was a member of the Red Bull Brasil sports team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Chuck Robb was educated at the University of Virginia School of Law, where he obtained an academic degree.
Rade Paprica is a member of the sports team AEP Paphos FC, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
In "The Thing You Love Most," Lana Parrilla plays a character role.
David Barr, an Irish cricketer, was a member of the North West Warriors cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Giacomo Casoli was a member of the ACF Fiorentina sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen form a duo, consisting of both Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen.
David Paas is a member of the sports team K.R.C. Genk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Spring Garden Township is a township located in Jefferson County, Illinois, United States.
Aerodium, a company founded by Jean Saint-Germain, was established in 1979.
Yoshitaka Fujisaki is a member of the sports team Avispa Fukuoka, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
"Hooray for Captain Spaulding" is a song composed by Bert Kalmar and was published in 1928.
Kalyani railway station is adjacent to Kalyani Silpanchal railway station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Kalyani Silpanchal.
Eduardo Gomes International Airport, named after Eduardo Gomes and officially opened on March 31, 1976, serves the city of Manaus.
Katarina Witt presented "The Biggest Loser Germany," starting at a specific start time and ending at a specific end time.
Adiv Chaliv is a village located in Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Eddie Butler is a rugby player who was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Fawcett Properties Ltd v Buckingham CC is a legal case that took place in the United Kingdom, where the Judicial functions of the House of Lords served as the court.
Mike Figgis won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Director for his work at a specific point in time.
Rogério Pinheiro is a member of the sports team Figueirense FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Stefano Casagranda was a member of the Bardiani – CSF sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times associated with the team.
The Walter B. Sorrells Cottage is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Arkansas, United States.
Xiaoice, a chatbot developed by Microsoft, was inaugurated on May 29, 2014.
Imtan is an archaeological site located in the Salkhad District of Syria.
Michael Jakobs was a member of the VfL Bochum sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Mario Monticelli represented Italy in sports, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times in Italy. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Gracehill is a village located in Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Devinder Shory ran as a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election for an electoral district within a parliamentary group.
The Strasburg Rail Road is a geographical feature located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Rockwood Township is a township located in Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States.
Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest is a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme, participating from its start time to its end time.
Felipe Félix is a member of the sports team S.C.U. Torreense, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
El Outaya District is an administrative district located in Biskra Province, Algeria, and it is an instance of the districts of Algeria.
Richard Rodney Bennett was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score and his work in this category is noted as being subject to the nomination.
Javier Mancini was a member of the sports team Uruguay Montevideo, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Oaklyn Public School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Juan Robledo is a member of the Santiago Wanderers sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Federico Kammerichs is a member of the sports team Club Ourense Baloncesto, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Gmina Jawornik Polski is a rural municipality located in Przeworsk County, Poland.
Ayd Mill Road is a limited-access road located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.
Government Polytechnic in Mumbai was established in 1960 and is an engineering school located in India.
Irakli Geperidze is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza was a member of the Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Piotr Skrobowski was a member of the Poland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Helmut Schlesinger served as the director of the Deutsche Bundesbank, starting at a specific time and ending at another specific time.
Ken Akamatsu received the Kodansha Manga Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Shpola Raion is an administrative-territorial entity that was located within the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, existing from its start time to its end time during the republic's existence.
Andrea Raggi was a member of the Italy national under-21 football team, with a defined period of involvement that had both a start and an end time.
Ibrahim Abdelhalim Masoud is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Al-Rayyan SC.
Franz Schleiff, a human, received the Imtiyaz Medal.
Wrightwood station on the CTA is adjacent to Diversey station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Diversey.
The BDO World Trophy is a darts tournament organized by the British Darts Organisation.
The Grant loaf is a type of bread created by Doris Grant.
Dani Ojeda is a member of the sports team Lorca FC, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Al Yasmina School, which is a school in the United Arab Emirates, was established in 2008.
Wildcat Mountain is a mountain located in Utah, United States.
Hali-Ela Divisional Secretariat is a divisional secretariat in Sri Lanka, located in the Badulla District.
Emil Scheel was a member of the sports team Aarhus Gymnastikforening, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
165 University Avenue is a construction located in California, United States.
Vital Borkelmans is a member of the sports team K.A.A. Gent, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Grey Friar's Abbey in Stockholm was founded as a monastery on January 17, 1201, and is located in Sweden.
Steve Olfers is a member of the PSV Eindhoven sports team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Nelson Branch is a river located in Missouri, United States.
Poovam is a village located in the Kannur district of Kerala, India.
Chief Leschi School is a school located in Washington state, United States.
Igor Povalyayev was a member of the FC Spartak Moscow sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics is a research institute located in Beijing, China.
German submarine U-409 was part of the 5th U-boat Flotilla, although the specific start and end times for its service with the flotilla are not provided.
The 1987 Calder Cup playoffs were a season in the sport of ice hockey that took place in 1987.
Umbrage is a vampire film originating from the United Kingdom, with its original language being English.
Spessard Holland was a lawyer who began his legal career in a specific location, though the exact start time and location are not specified in the given information.
Thornton-le-Beans Chapel is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom and is classified as a church.
Marco Antonio Palacios was a member of the Albinegros de Orizaba, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Mikel Saizar is a member of the Real Sociedad B team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
"The Royal Welch Fusiliers (March)" is a song composed by John Philip Sousa and falls under the genre of march music.
Edison Giménez is a member of the sports team Club Olimpia, with a specified start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Charlie Mitten is a member of the sports team Independiente Santa Fe, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Nick Harkaway, whose father is John le Carré, is known for his notable work "The Gone-Away World" and writes in the English language.
Marcus Brown is a member of the Murray State Racers men's basketball team, with specified start and end times for his tenure on the team.
The Marathon des Dunes was inaugurated in 2000 and is held in Algeria, where it features the sport of athletics.
Winkler Airport is an airport located in Manitoba, Canada.
The Brownstown Bombers are an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Nikolai Shumov is a human with the given name Nikolai, and he is a member of the Minsk Cycling Club's men's team.
The Davis Brothers Store is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in North Carolina, United States.
"The Man with the Horn" is a song produced by Hugh Padgham and released under both Warner Music Group and Atlantic Records.
WOXD is a radio station located in Oxford, Mississippi, in the United States.
Adam Ismailov is a member of the sports team FC Dacia Chișinău, with specified start and end times for his membership.
James Corden won the British Academy Television Award for Best Comedy Performance for his work at a specific point in time.
Paolo Suárez is a member of the sports team Deportivo Maldonado, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Marvin van der Pluijm is a member of the sports team NAC Breda, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
John Bannerman, Baron Bannerman of Kildonan, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, having started and ended his tenure with the team at specific times.
The New Schools Network, an organization headquartered in London, was established in 2009.
Alessandro Matri was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Ghusian is a village in the state of Bihar, India.
Zafar Ali Stadium is a stadium located in Sahiwal, Pakistan.
Aleksandr Solop is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Saint James Windward Parish is a parish located on the island of Nevis in Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The SSETI Express satellite was launched via a rocket, with the significant event being its rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
The Elsinboro Township School District is a school district located in Elsinboro Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Valour building is an office building located in Ottawa, Canada.
The D.B. Wilson Generating Station is a coal-fired power station located in Kentucky, United States.
Jack Newman, an English cricketer, was a member of the England cricket team during a period that had both a start and an end time.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos is a member of the sports team Al-Shamal SC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Nicole Ohlde is a member of the Phoenix Mercury sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
Diana Ossana won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for her work at a specific point in time.
Don Tobin was a member of the Canton Invaders sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
"A Letter for Evie" features Hume Cronyn and actress Marsha Hunt (born in 1917) in its cast, with Cedric Gibbons serving as the production designer.
The Rikuu West Line connects with the Uetsu Main Line.
Luigi Pareyson was a citizen of Italy throughout his life, though the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned but not provided with exact dates.
Stuckey's, a business that began in 1937, has its headquarters in Eastman, Georgia.
Gabriel Christoni Leite is a member of Oeste Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Dunwich Forest is a nature reserve located in the United Kingdom, operated by the Suffolk Wildlife Trust.
Grand Central Terminal, designed by architects Warren and Wetmore, officially opened on February 2, 1913, and is adjacent to the Harlem -- 125th Street station.
The Wheeling Stogies are a baseball team based in the United States that plays the sport of baseball.
Karampon is a human settlement located in the Jaffna District of Sri Lanka.
Nanukalan is a village in the state of Haryana, India.
T'uquyuq is a mountain located in the Cordillera Negra mountain range in Peru.
The crown palaces in Sweden is a list that includes various royal residences in Sweden, one of which is Stockholm Palace.
"Report from Practically Nowhere" is a book authored by John Sack and originates from the United States.
Katarina Hultling is married to Claes Sjöberg and has been partnered with Albert Svanberg. She speaks, writes, and signs the Swedish language.
The T.J. Walker Historic District is a historic district in the United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Peter Breuer worked in Berlin, with his time there spanning a specific start and end period.
Ezio Meneghello was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Romain Cabannes is a member of the sports team Biarritz Olympique, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Hill House School was initially established in 1951 and later officially inaugurated on March 27, 1958, and it is located in Knightsbridge.
Phillip Hughes was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with his involvement spanning from when he joined to when he left the team.
Tymal Mills was a member of the Auckland cricket team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Attila Kun is a member of the sports team FC UTA Arad, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Oleg Sergeyev is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Juriy Cannarsa was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with his membership starting and ending at specific times with the team.
Jayme Stone received the Juno Award for World Music Album of the Year at a specific point in time.
Michel Hazanavicius won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director for his work at a specific point in time.
Sergei Alexeyev was born in Oryol, which is located in a specific administrative territorial entity within Russia.
Nikolai Latysh was a member of the FC Spartak Moscow sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Antonio Di Gaudio, a human with the given name Antonio, is a member of the sports team Carpi F.C. 1909.
"When Hell Was in Session" is a book written by Jeremiah Denton and published on January 1, 1976.
Cabo Gracias a Dios is a landform located in Honduras and situated next to the Caribbean Sea.
Eskatul is a human settlement located in the Zebak District of Afghanistan.
Volodymyr Yezerskiy is a member of the sports team FC Karpaty-2 Lviv, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Western Metropolitan Region is an electoral region of Victoria, Australia, located within the state of Victoria.
The Old School Museum is a former school now converted into a museum, located in New South Wales, Australia.
Chervyen District, which has its capital in Chervyen and is part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, shares a border with the Barysaw District.
James Debbah is a member of the sports team OGC Nice, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Otto Suhr served as the head of government in Berlin, holding this position from a specific start time until an end time.
TEDA Holding, a business that was established on December 1, 1984, has its headquarters in Tianjin.
Vallikkunnu is a state assembly constituency in the Kerala Legislative Assembly, located in the Indian state of Kerala.
Kosmos 2446 was launched as a rocket, with its launch occurring at a specific location and point in time.
David de la Fuente is a member of the sports team Vini Caldirola, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Adedayo Adebayo is a member of the England national rugby union team, having joined at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Mick Cronin is a member of the Parramatta Eels rugby league team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Woodroffe Avenue is a road located in Ottawa, which is an administrative territorial entity in Canada.
Dalola Union Council is a union council in Pakistan, located in Abbottabad District.
The Wight Seaplane is a floatplane manufactured by J. Samuel White in the United Kingdom.
Filipe Duarte is a member of the sports team S.L. Benfica B, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The Texas Hurricanes are a sports team based in the United States that plays American football.
Giovanni Battista Tassara was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a specific start and end time for its reign.
Howick Farmhouse in Itton is a Grade II* listed building in the United Kingdom and serves as a farmhouse.
Industrial Promotion Services, a business that was founded in 1963, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
Mohamed Zidan is a member of the Baniyas Club, with a specified start and end time for his membership there.
Aberllefenni is a village located in Gwynedd, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Douglas Packer is a member of the sports team Treze Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ash McGregor is a citizen of New Zealand and had a tenure with the New Zealand national rugby union team, which included both a start time and an end time.
Igor Stravinsky received a Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance at a specific point in time.
The Pineapple Smash Crew, developed by RichMakeGame, is distributed digitally through the Valve Corporation.
"Loyalty," a song performed and written by Kendrick Lamar, is followed by the song "New Freezer."
Gooderham/Pencil Lake Water Aerodrome is an airport located in Ontario, Canada.
Grundtvig International Secondary School, established in 1998, is a school located in Nigeria.
"The Devil and Daniel Webster," written in the English language, received the O. Henry Award and was published by Farrar & Rinehart.
Giovanni Lopez is a member of the sports team S.S. Lazio, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Alena Amialiusik is a member of the sports team Bepink, with a defined start and end time for her membership.
Port Eads is an unincorporated community located in Louisiana, United States.
The Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers, an educational institution in the United States, was established in 1976.
Fabio Celestini is a member of the sports team Levante UD, with a defined start and end time for his membership with the team.
Joe Partridge was a member of the South Africa national cricket team during a specific period that had both a start time and an end time.
Miguel Mostto is a member of the Peru national football team, having joined and left at specific times.
Donaldo González is a member of the Panama national football team, having joined and left the team at specific start and end times.
College station in Toronto was officially opened on March 30, 1954, and it is connected by Line 1 Yonge-University, with Dundas station being an adjacent station.
Marco Freitas was a member of the sports team F.C. Felgueiras, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
McGrew, Wisconsin is a ghost town located in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
Davy Fitzgerald was a member of the Sixmilebridge GAA sports team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Leonardo Spinazzola became a member of A.C. Perugia Calcio through an acquisition transaction.\n\n(Note: There seems to be a slight inconsistency in the predicates provided. The intended meaning has been inferred and incorporated into the sentence for clarity.)
Kennedy Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada located in the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District of Canada.
Chappell & Co Ltd v Nestle Co Ltd is a legal case that took place in the United Kingdom, where the Judicial functions of the House of Lords served as the court.
Severino Lojodice was a member of the sports team A.S. Roma, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Bonnyville Beach is a human settlement located in Alberta, Canada.
Andrea Guerra is a footballer who was a member of the S.S.D. Palermo sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Jack Atlas, whose given name is Jack, was educated at both Tufts University and the University of Illinois at Urbana--Champaign.
R.P. Singh was a member of the Uttar Pradesh cricket team, with his involvement spanning from a starting time to an ending time on the team.
The EMC E4 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel, with production starting and ending at certain times defined by Electro-Motive Diesel.
Colyers is an area of London located in the London Borough of Bexley, United Kingdom.
Slovenia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2014 as a nation representing the country of Slovenia.
Holworthy Hall is a dormitory located in Massachusetts, United States.
The 2018 Wexford Senior Hurling Championship is a championship for the sport of hurling held in the Republic of Ireland.
Roberto Rojas was a member of the Chile national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Luis Alberto Perea was a member of the sports team FC Dallas, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Face Rock State Scenic Viewpoint is an Oregon state park located in Oregon, United States.
Vlade Lazarevski was a member of the Polonia Warsaw sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Alex Basso is a member of the sports team Real Santa Barbara, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Alberto Rivera Pizarro is a member of the sports team Levante UD, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Dino Fava is a member of Varese Calcio, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ferdinand Keller was a member of the Germany national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The SS City of Milwaukee was operated by the Grand Trunk Milwaukee Car Ferry Company, which started and ended its operation with the company.
Gianluca Litteri was a member of the sports team Cosenza Calcio, where he was acquired through a transaction and his tenure ended at some point.
Alberto Marcos Rey is a member of the Real Madrid Castilla sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Pachim Samaria is a village located in the Kamrup district of India.
The Oatlands Railway is a track in the rail transport system located in Tasmania, Australia.
Marengo Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Washington state, United States.
Tony Allin was a member of the Devon County Cricket Club, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Barfield is a business that was founded in 1945 and has its headquarters in Miami.
Jankowy is a village in Poland, located in the Gmina Baranów within the Greater Poland Voivodeship.
Jacob Dehn Andersen is a member of the sports team Randers FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Palung Mainadi is a village development committee located in the Palpa District of Nepal.
Umed Alidodov was a member of the sports team Hima Dushanbe, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Marius Radu is a footballer who was a member of the sports team FC Sopron, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Roger Marche was a member of the Stade de Reims sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
Gökçek Vederson is a member of the sports team Esporte Clube Juventude, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Santi Chaiyaphuak is a member of the sports team Tampines Rovers FC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Tallinna Hipodroom, a sports venue in Estonia, was established on January 1, 1923.
Time Team, in its fifth series, includes episodes and features John Gater as a cast member.
Kang Sheng held the position of Chairman of the Communist Party of China, serving from a specific start time to an end time.
Spring Hill is a census-designated place located in Hernando County, Florida, United States.
Zuhaitz Gurrutxaga is a member of the sports team Algeciras CF, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Porter Square is a neighborhood located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Mavelikara is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Kerala, India.
Tower Hill State Game Reserve, located in Victoria, Australia, is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The North Bay Police Service, a law enforcement agency in Canada, was established on January 1, 1882.
Giovanni Gallina was a member of the Italy national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Mario Meneghetti was a member of the Italy national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
USA Water Polo, a water polo organization based in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1978.
The Te Kooti Trail is a film or TV show originating from New Zealand, directed by Rudall Hayward, and produced in the English language.
FC Dinamo Gagra is an association football club based in Georgia that plays the sport of association football.
Shenington is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity known as Shenington with Alkerton.
Horst Fleps was a member of the Chicago Shoccers soccer team, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
"The True North" is an English-language work composed by Ricky Hyslop, with the original language of the film or TV show being English.
Erik Lamela was a member of the sports team A.S. Roma, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Meiuste is a village located in Saaremaa Parish, Estonia.
Trondos, a business that began operations in 1970, has its headquarters located in Trondheim.
Artesia station, which officially opened on July 14, 1990, is connected by the Blue Line of the Los Angeles Metro and is adjacent to the Compton station.
Lea Nudelman is a human who plays chess as a sport for Israel.
Alyaksandr Tsishkevich is a member of the sports team FC Slavia Mozyr, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
George Ritchie, born in 1909, was a human who played rugby union and was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team.
Graham T. Allison was educated at Harvard University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Mohsen Labidi is a member of the Tunisia national football team, having joined at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Brad Shaw is a human who plays in the National Hockey League and is a member of the Washington Capitals.
The Evan Anthem is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was formed in 2003.
Papa Malick Ba is a member of the sports team FC Basel, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Meadow Brook Hall is a National Historic Landmark located in Michigan, United States.
Hans Kosterlitz received the Harvey Prize, which recognizes his contributions at a specific point in time, reflecting his significant achievements as a citizen of his country.
Nicola Bellomo was a member of the Italy national under-21 football B team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Deadman's Cay Airport, located in The Bahamas, serves Long Island and is an airport.
Dinny Lowry was a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Derek Spence is a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time with the team.
Kaunisvaara is an iron ore mine located in Sweden.
Aleksandre Gogoberishvili is a member of the sports team FC Merani Tbilisi, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Tamastirth is a village located in the Ratnagiri district of India.
Celso Posio was a member of the Brescia Calcio sports team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
Shaki District is located in Azerbaijan. It started under Azerbaijan when the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic ended.
Emmy Murphy was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno, where she obtained an academic degree.
Aupee Karim is a human who was educated at the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology, and their native language is Bengali.
Luis Fernando Centi was a member of A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Shopska salad is a type of salad that originates from Bulgaria and includes tomatoes among its ingredients.
David Hannah is a member of the sports team Fylkir, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Iucundiana is a titular see that was established in 1933 and is located in Algeria.
The film "The Dark Knight" won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain. This award was presented at a specific point in time.
The Dhammapada, translated by Eknath Easwaran, was published as a book in 1986.
The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources is a government agency headquartered in Salt Lake City, United States.
The Mountainaire Hotel Historic District is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Arkansas, United States.
The Gunma 4th district is a district of the House of Representatives in Japan, located in Gunma Prefecture.
Masatoshi Akimoto was a candidate in the 2014 Japanese general election, where he represented an electoral district.
Fyodor Smolov is a member of the sports team FC Krasnodar, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Qizil Ulduz Medal, a medal from Azerbaijan, was inaugurated on March 25, 1992.
"Enquire Within upon Everything" is a book written in the English language by Robert Kemp Philp.
Sakurai Station in Nara is adjacent to Yamato-Asakura Station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Yamato-Asakura.
William St Clair Grant was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Glazert Water is a river located in East Dunbartonshire, United Kingdom.
Haddon is a town located in the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality, which is part of Gauteng, South Africa.
Wentbridge is a village located in Darrington, West Yorkshire, in the United Kingdom.
Manchirevula is a village located in the state of Telangana, India.
Robert Wedgeworth worked for the American Library Association, with a start time and an end time specified for his employment there.
Green Lake Aerodrome is an airport located in British Columbia, Canada.
Andrei Frascarelli is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Raphael Botti is a member of the sports team Figueirense FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Hannes Anier is a member of the sports team Odense Boldklub, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Urbia Meléndez, a human, participated in the women's 49 kg taekwondo event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Magumeri is a district located in Borno State, Nigeria.
Jérémy Mathieu was a member of the France national football B team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Seven Springs is a borough located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Terry Goode is a human with the given name Terry and is a member of the Kettering Town F.C. sports team.
José Roberto de Oliveira is a member of the Kashiwa Reysol sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure there.
Mahala Gomionica is a human settlement located in the Kiseljak administrative territorial entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Hakim Malek is a member of the sports team FC Martigues, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Tsvetan Veselinov was a member of the Bulgaria national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Hall of Game Awards, which is an award given in the United States, was established in 2011.
Blackpool Cricket Club is a cricket team based in the United Kingdom.
Bauneg Beg Mountain is a mountain located in Maine, United States.
Kjell Moe was born in Fredrikstad and had a tenure with Fredrikstad FK, which had both a start and an end time.
The 1999 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in early 1999.
Lu Bofei is a member of the China national football team, having joined and left the team at specific times.
Anil Kapoor received the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
The RiverBrink Art Museum is an art museum located in Queenston, Canada.
Alfred Bickel was a member of the Switzerland national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Aveion Cason is a human who plays as a running back for the Los Angeles Rams.
The Broad View Ranch Historic District is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Iowa, United States.
Savanna Samson received the AVN Award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Glauber Rodrigues da Silva is a member of the Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Ilampokhari is a village development committee located in the Lamjung District of Nepal.
Michael Lett, a human, is a member of the St. George Illawarra Dragons sports team.
Gary Dillon played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at specified times in the league.
Sergio Peter is a member of the sports team AC Sparta Prague, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Anson County Schools is a school district located in North Carolina, United States.
Nigalchula is a village development committee located in the Salyan District of Nepal.
San Juan Bautista Lo de Soto is a municipality in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico.
Torbothie is a village located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom.
Johnny Moore played for the Kansas City Comets soccer team, with his membership starting and ending at specific times with the team.
Abberley Hall School, a boarding school, was founded on January 1, 1921, and is located in Worcester.
Paulinowo is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Nasielsk.
Marotandrano is a commune in the district of Mandritsara, located in Madagascar.
WLIQ is a radio station located in Quincy, Illinois, United States.
Tibor Szabó, a footballer born in 1977, was a member of FC Volgar Astrakhan, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Samba Gold is an award in association football that was established in 2008.
Angelo Vaccaro is a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Brightons is a village in the United Kingdom, specifically located within the Falkirk Council administrative territorial entity.
Herring Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Charlotte County, New Brunswick, Canada.
Pasanauri is a human settlement located in the Dusheti Municipality of Georgia.
The LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-0 locomotive, which has a 2-6-0 wheel arrangement, was designed by George Ivatt and manufactured at the Crewe Works.
The 1980 ECAC North Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball event that took place on January 1, 1980, as part of a sports season.
Anchal is a human settlement located in the Kollam district of India.
Ivan Starkov is a member of the sports team FC Titan Klin, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Yanko Georgiev is a member of the sports team PFC Naftex Burgas, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
"A Chance" is a song from the United States that follows "She's Got It All" and is followed by "That's Why I'm Here."
John Terborgh works in the field of conservation biology at Duke University and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
"The Rozabal Line" is an English-language book published by Lulu.com, with its narrative set in India.
Murray Creed is a member of the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
JoAnne Stubbe received the Welch Award in Chemistry at a specific point in time, and her affiliation was recognized as part of the award.
Greenmount Homestead, located in Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Anush Mahalleh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Captiva, Florida is a census-designated place located in Lee County, Florida, United States.
Jukal is a village located in the state of Telangana, in the country of India.
"Ithihasa" is a fantasy film originating from India, and it was originally produced in the Malayalam language.
Juan Carlos Rojo is a human with the given name Juan Carlos, and he is a member of the sports team Palamós CF.
Yue Station, which officially opened on 24 March 1934, is connected to the Nagasaki Main Line and is adjacent to Oe Station.
The Selkirk Fishermen are an ice hockey team based in Canada.
Rooksbury Mill is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom and serves as a mill for grinding.
Lilian Cole is a member of the Nigeria women's national football team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
German submarine U-1223 was part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla, serving within this unit from a specific start time to an end time.
Hunter Morris was a member of the Salt River Rafters, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time on the team.
Gerard van Swieten held a doctorate, which he earned under the guidance of Herman Boerhaave, and was a member of the Royal Society.
La Paloma is a human settlement located in Montevideo, the administrative territorial entity of Uruguay.
Luigi Traglia was an Italian citizen. The specific period of his citizenship in Italy had a start time and an end time, though the exact dates are not provided.
Rinar Valeyev is a member of the sports team FC Dacia Chișinău, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Skye of Curr is a human settlement located in the Highland council area of the United Kingdom.
José Carlos de Almeida was a member of the Brazil national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Marc Moss, whose full name is Marc with the surname Moss, was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts.
Sultanbekovo is a hamlet located in Russia, situated near the Sars River.
Kilmogue Portal Tomb is a portal tomb located in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.
Matthew Marks Gallery is an art gallery located in Manhattan, United States.
Vasil Bozhikov is a member of the sports team OFC Gigant Saedinenie, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Ben Zemanski was a member of the sports team Chivas USA, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times for the team.
Los Gatos Salvajes is a rock and pop band from Argentina that performs in the beat music genre.
Carlos Galván was a member of the Racing Club de Avellaneda, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Takuya Sugiyama is a member of the sports team FC Gifu, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Aston, Wem Rural, Shropshire is a village located in Wem Rural, an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Tarpon Springs Depot is a train station located in Tarpon Springs, Florida, United States.
Keene Township is a township located in Ionia County, Michigan, United States.
Margaret Leech received the Pulitzer Prize for History at a specific point in time.
Deylaman District is an administrative division known as a bakhsh located in Siahkal County, Iran.
Keiju Karashima is a member of the Kyoto Sanga FC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership on the team.
José Luis Vegar is a member of the sports team SD Huesca, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Dina Nagar Assembly Constituency is a constituency of the Punjab Legislative Assembly in Punjab, India.
Ekaterina Knebeleva is a member of the Al'Asayl Cycling Team, though the specific start and end times of her membership are not provided.
Anna Min, whose given name is Anna, is a Korean American who was educated at South High School in Minneapolis.
Julien Bailleul is a member of the sports team R.A.E.C. Mons, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Nelson Stepanyan received the Order of Lenin at a specific point in time.
Adamo Rossi held citizenship in the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which started at the beginning time and ended at the end time of the kingdom.
Basirhat Dakshin is a constituency of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly in India, located within the Basirhat Lok Sabha constituency.
Caroline Dormon, a human, was a member of the Society of American Foresters and resided in Natchitoches, Louisiana.
Hetoa Kaio is a citizen of Tuvalu and has been a member of the Tuvalu national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Andrea Seastrand was educated at DePaul University, where she earned an academic degree.
The 1927 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team was an American football team that played during the 1927 season.
Josef Adelbrecht was a member of the sports team Floridsdorfer AC, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time at the club.
The Glacier Park Company is a hotel group based in the United States, and it is a subsidiary of the Great Northern Railway.
The Limburgse Handbal Dagen is a handball tournament held in the Netherlands.
The Young Ladies Radio League, an organization in the United States, was founded in 1939.
Afshin Hajipour is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team Esteghlal F.C.
Samadagha Shikhlarov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Dilbar Abdurahmonova was born in Moscow, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Paul Scurti was a member of the San Diego Jaws sports team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The Scott Statue, a sculpture located in New Zealand, depicts Robert Falcon Scott.
The 2010 Tipperary senior hurling team season was a hurling season that took place in 2010.
Wat Tham Khao Wong is a Buddhist temple (wat) located in Ban Rai, Thailand.
Linda B. Buck received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, which she shared with another recipient.
Émile Mbouh is a member of the sports team Sport Benfica e Castelo Branco, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Zalbki is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Dywity.
"You Were Never Lovelier" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing and is listed as a nominee for this award.
Texas State Highway Spur 341, which was established in 1960, is a road located in the United States.
Peter Burge is a human and a member of the New South Wales Waratahs rugby team.
KXTO is a radio station located in Nevada, United States.
Keiichi Misawa is a member of the Vissel Kobe sports team, having joined and left at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Yan Vorogovskiy is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the Kazakhstan national under-21 football team.
"Agathe kann's nicht lassen" is a German-language show produced by Degeto Film, with music composed by Otto M. Schwarz.
Gustavo Savoia was a member of the sports team Club Olimpo, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Idir Ouali was a member of the Le Mans FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Erich Brabec was a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Wayne County in Michigan is distinct from Wayne County in both North Carolina and Utah, and it owns the Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
Eladio Silvestre was a member of the FC Barcelona B sports team, joining and leaving at specific times, though the exact start and end times are not provided.
The Auas Mountains, a mountain range in Namibia, have their highest point at Moltkeblick.
Erbim Fagu is a member of the sports team KF Elbasani, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Andrey Kazaryn is a member of the sports team FC Smorgon, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Matthias Breitkreutz is a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Robbie Haemhouts is a member of the sports team Almere City FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Leopold Neubauer, a human, participated in the 1912 Summer Olympics and was a member of the Vienna Sportclub.
The Hillhouse Opera Company, which is actually a band playing rock and pop music, was founded in the United States in 2008.
Kingbright, a business that began in 1980, has its headquarters located in Taipei.
"Street Food Around The World" is an English-language television series that originated in Israel.
Alvik metro station is adjacent to Kristineberg metro station and is connected to it via a connecting line in a specific direction.
"For Every Curse" is an album by Daniel Bashta that was published on January 1, 2015.
The Kensington Plantation House is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Comb Wash is an arroyo, also known as a creek, located in San Juan County, Utah, United States.
Davide Capello was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, where his tenure started and ended at specific times with the team.
Gulfsat, a business that began operations in 1995, has its headquarters in Kuwait City.
Julien Cools was a member of the sports team K.V.C. Westerlo, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The Farmington School District is a school district located in Arkansas, United States.
Eduardo Ferreira was a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Phoney Photos, a collection produced by Henry Lehrman in the United States, is in the public domain.
Catullus 49 is a poem written in Latin by the author Catullus.
Debden tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Loughton.
Mezo Basa is a village located in the state of Nagaland, which is part of India.
The Armor Modeling and Preservation Society, an organization based in the United States, was founded on July 1993.
Alessandro Tulli is a member of the sports team Piacenza Calcio 1919, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Deedarganj railway station is adjacent to Patna Sahib railway station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards Patna Sahib railway station.
Abdelaziz Kamara was a member of the sports team AS Saint-Étienne, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Alexei Beletski competes in ice dance and is both the spouse and business or sport partner of Natalia Gudina.
Dobrnje is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Petrovac, Serbia.
Ardmore City Schools is a school district located in Oklahoma, United States.
John Brass was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Tom Dewdney was a member of the West Indies cricket team, serving from a starting time to an ending time on the team.
Dugauli Khurd is a village located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Massamba Sambou is a citizen of Senegal and was a member of the Senegal national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Paul Coppo, whose given name is Paul, is a human who plays ice hockey.
The 1888 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship is a championship in the sport of hurling held in the Republic of Ireland.
François Bellugou was a member of the Montpellier HSC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Vasily Zhurnevich is a member of the sports team FC Lida, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Hurley River is a river located in British Columbia, Canada.
Gerardo Berodia is a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
1st Valley Bank, a business that began in 1956, has its headquarters in Baroy, Lanao del Norte.
Lake Nash Station is an agricultural station located in the Northern Territory of Australia.
Soyuz TM-7 had a significant event with its landing, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Gorji Bayan is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Knox County Courthouse in Rockland, Maine, is a courthouse located in the United States.
Jenny Owens was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with her involvement spanning from a start time to an end time on the team.
The Srirangam marriage hall fire is a structure fire that occurred in Srirangam, India.
Willie Miller, born in 1924, was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Honda XRE300 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Honda, which follows the Honda XR250R and XR250L.
"Got Love" is a song performed by WSTRN and was published on December 2, 2015.
Mazhnabad is a village located in the Razavi Khorasan Province of Iran.
Mounir Diane is a member of the R.A.E.C. Mons sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mark Watts played for the Wiltshire County Cricket Club, with his membership starting and ending at certain times for the club.
Charlie Goodrum, whose given name is Charlie, is a human and a member of the Minnesota Vikings sports team.
Roxborough-Manayunk is a neighborhood located in Philadelphia, United States.
FundAmerica, a business that began in 1987, has its headquarters in New York State.
Juliano Spadacio is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Laurence Abrams is a human with the given name Laurence and is a member of the sports team Cardiff City F.C.
Pascal Renier is a member of the sports team S.V. Zulte Waregem, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Kihachi Okamoto won the Japan Academy Film Prize for Director of the Year for his work at a specific point in time.
Meharama is a community development block located in Jharkhand, India.
Franck Tanasi is a member of the sports team AS Poissy, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
The Udaipur Solar Observatory is a solar observatory located in Udaipur, India.
The Golden Bagel Award, which was first introduced in 2004, is an award given in the sport of tennis.
Juniata Township is a township located in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Millennium Master is an Italian aircraft that had its first flight on May 27, 2006.
Ivan Bagramyan was awarded the Gold Star. The specific point in time when he received the Gold Star is noted.
Maurice Dubofsky, a human, is known by the name Maurice and was a member of the New York Giants sports team.
The Anuradhapura Museum is a museum located in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.
Veshab is a human settlement located in the Sughd Region of Tajikistan.
Erastus Brainerd is a human who was educated at Harvard University.
Louis Peter Boitard worked in Paris, where he started and ended his tenure at some point in time. For clarity and completeness, specific start and end times for his work in Paris would need to be provided.
Nielsen Park is a park located in New South Wales, Australia.
The University of Chicago Oriental Institute is a building that was founded by James Henry Breasted and officially opened in 1919.
Lake June station, which officially opened on December 6, 2010, is connected by the Green Line of the Dallas Area Rapid Transit system and is adjacent to the Buckner station.
Fort Berens is a ghost town in Canada that was established on January 1, 1859.
Liam Killeen, whose given name is Liam, participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games as a mountain biker.
Patrick Falk is a member of the sports team Eintracht Frankfurt, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Nightcore, a music genre originating from Norway, was conceived in 2002.
"Hound Dog" is a song performed by Big Mama Thornton, and it was published with a specific date that is noted as part of its historical record.
John Chamberlain, a sculptor known for his work in abstract expressionism, has pieces in the Tate collection. His given name is John.
Philippe Fargeon was a member of the AJ Auxerre sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
The Bolshoy Krasnokholmsky Bridge is a deck arch bridge located in Russia, constructed using concrete.
Tamás Nagy, a footballer born in 1976, was a member of the B36 Tórshavn sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Olivier Blondel is a member of the sports team FC Rouen, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The 2007 Ryedale District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2007.
Galen Young is a member of the Grand Rapids Hoops sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Aleksandr Khlebnikov is a member of the sports team FC Lukhovitsy, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Martien Houtkooper was a member of the Netherlands national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
"Our Biggest Thing Ever" is an album performed by the band Last Child and was published in 2012.
Pietro Sassi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy during its existence. The Kingdom of Italy started and ended during his citizenship.
Alan Carlet is a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, with a specified start time and end time for his membership with the team.
Marllon Borges is a member of the sports team Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Charles Watts, a cricketer born in 1905, was a member of the Essex County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Juabeso District is a district in the Western Region of Ghana, and it is one of the districts within the country of Ghana.
Claude-Louis Mathieu received the Lalande Prize at a specific point in time.
Graham James held the position of Bishop of Norwich, starting his tenure when he replaced the previous holder of the position.
The New Haven Eagles is an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
"Closed Chambers" is a book written by Edward Lazarus and was published on January 1, 1998.
Oleksandr Andriyevskyi was a member of the Ukraine national under-17 football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Sylvain Wiltord was a member of the FC Girondins de Bordeaux, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Alessandro Faria is a member of the El Paso Patriots sports team, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Niel Morgan was a member of the Glamorgan County Cricket Club, with a defined period of membership that had a start and end time.
John Charles Wester holds the position of Diocesan Bishop and serves as the bishop for a diocese, replacing his predecessor.
James Lawrie was a member of the Northern Ireland national football B team, with his membership spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Rainer Bieli was a member of the sports team FC Concordia Basel, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Joystick Labs is a business in the video game industry with its headquarters located in Durham, North Carolina.
The Chicago Journal of International Law is a law review published in the English language by the University of Chicago Law School.
The film "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" received the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain and was the winner at a specific point in time.
Satyajit Ray received the Padma Vibhushan for his contributions in the field of work, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Sergei Gazdanov was a member of the PFC CSKA Moscow sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Serhiy Zakarlyuka is a member of the sports team FC Vorskla Poltava, with his membership starting and ending at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Globcal International, an organization, was founded on May 9, 2009, and its headquarters are located in Belmopan.
Manfred Pamminger is a member of the sports team SC Rheindorf Altach, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
O2 Czech Republic was formed in Prague, where its headquarters is located on a street in the country of the Czech Republic.
Irakli Chezhiya is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal-2 Tula, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Martin City is a census-designated place located in Flathead County, Montana, United States.
Karl Wiesenburg, whose given name is also known as Carl, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and is a human.
Jay Witasick is a member of both the Colorado Rockies and the San Francisco Giants sports teams and has a relative named Paloma.
Kathryn Bertine is a member of the BMW p/b Happy Tooth Dental sports team, with her membership starting and ending at specified times.
Roland Petersen, whose given name is Roland, is a human who received an award through the Fulbright Program.
Wemtinga is a human settlement located in the Kombissiri Department of Burkina Faso.
SPiDCOM, a business that began operations in 2002, has its headquarters in Paris.
Félicité Hamidouche is a member of the INF Clairefontaine sports team, with a defined start and end time for her membership.
Francisco Assis dos Santos, whose given name is Francisco, is a human and a member of the Sociedade Esportiva do Gama sports team.
Dida Forest is a protected area in Burkina Faso, categorized under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Central Park in Louisville is a park located in Kentucky, United States.
Tafetachte is a rural commune in the Essaouira Province of Morocco.
Longxan District is a district in the province of Xaisomboun in Laos.
Missy Elliott received a Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance at a specific point in time.
Mugaiyur is a village in the state of Tamil Nadu, located in India.
The List of Cleveland sports teams is a Wikimedia list article that includes various sports teams based in Cleveland, United States.
"Square Forms and Circles," a bronze sculpture created by Barbara Hepworth, came into existence in 1963.
Emil Gargorov is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Susan N. Herman holds the position of chairperson and has been serving in this role for a specific entity, though the exact start time and the organization she chairs are not specified in the given information.
Schaper Toys, a business that began in 1949, has its headquarters in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
Morihiko Hiramatsu, a human, received the Ramon Magsaysay Award and speaks, writes, or signs the Japanese language.
Ashti is a human-geographic territorial entity located in the Gadchiroli district of India.
The 2012 Wyre Forest District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2012.
Gomnes is an urban settlement defined by Statistics Norway and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Hole, Norway.
Sarai Alamgir is a human settlement located in the Gujrat District of Pakistan.
André Cruz was a member of the Brazil national football team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Italo Alaimo is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned without providing exact dates.
Katavadi is a village located in the Pune district of India.
The LSWR C14 class was manufactured at the Nine Elms Locomotive Works, which had a specific start and end time for the production of this class.
Duppelli is a village in India, located in the administrative territorial entity of Valigonda.
Pedro Duhart was a member of the France national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Costa Christo Kapothanasis, a human, is a pitcher by specialty.
Erasmus Reinhold worked in Wittenberg, where he started and ended his tenure.
Johnny Menyongar was a member of the Minnesota Thunder sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Senin Sebai is a member of the sports team FC Saxan, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Stavrovouni Monastery is a monastery located in Cyprus and situated on a mountain.
Charm City Roller Girls, a roller derby league based in the United States, was founded in 2005.
Antonio Banfi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which was his country throughout the duration spanning its start and end times.
Nicky Kuiper is a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Vladimir Arsenyev served with allegiance to the Russian Empire during its reign, which had a specific start and end time.
The Bloom Site is an archaeological site located in the United States and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
North Shore is a neighborhood located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Sergey Grishin, a footballer born in 1973, was a member of the Russia national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Namdarpura is a village in the Bhopal district of India.
Consuelo Field is an airstrip located in Consuelo, an administrative territorial entity in the Dominican Republic.
In the 1943 Coupe de France Final, Emmanuel Aznar scored a goal and was a member of the winning sports team.
Six Corners/Maple Heights is a historic district located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Gujanatti is a village in the Gokak taluk administrative territorial entity of India.
The Department of Education in Tasmania is a government agency located in Hobart, Australia.
"The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter" is a collection of horror literature published by Chaosium and illustrated by Dave Carson.
"The Hounds of Tindalos" is a book published in the English language by Arkham House and falls under the genre of horror literature.
Hennadiy Zhylkin was a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Felix Events Center is a sports venue located in California, United States.
Yuuyami Doori Tankentai is a video game from Japan that was released on the PlayStation console.
The Municipal Art Gallery of Ioannina, a museum in Greece, was established on January 1, 1960.
Ken Hough was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team, with specified start and end times for his tenure on the team.
John Stockton was a member of the Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team, where he played from a specific start time to an end time.
Brent Spence is a lawyer who began practicing law at a specific location.
Eau Claire County, Wisconsin has its capital in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, which is also a city contained within the county, and it shares a border with Pepin County, Wisconsin.
The Tirebolu mine is a copper-producing mine located in Turkey.
Naiara Ves is a member of the Levante UD Femenino sports team, with specific start and end times for her tenure with the team.
Andrew Jean-Baptiste is a member of the Portland Timbers sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Pancoast Creek is a natural watercourse located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Whites Landing is a census-designated place located in Ohio, United States.
The Shire of Taroom is a local government area located in Queensland, Australia.
Blue Bells Model School, established in 1980, is a school located in India.
Phillip Kellam, whose given name is Phillip, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and speaks English.
Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass located in Spain, specifically within the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
Pio Chiaruttini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which started at the beginning time and ended at the end time of the kingdom.
Fodil Hadjadj is a member of the sports team ASO Chlef, though the specific start and end times of his membership with ASO Chlef are not provided.
The Samuelsons are a band from Sweden that performs in the genres of rock, pop, and country music.
Emerson Nunes is a Brazilian human who plays for the sports team Ipatinga Esporte Clube.
The Mamma Haidara Commemorative Library is a library located in Mali and is a member of the World Digital Library.
Yiannis Papadopoulos is a member of the sports team KS Cracovia, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
In "The Paradise Syndrome," Gert Günther Hoffmann serves as a voice actor for a character role, and the language of his work is specified as part of his contribution to the production.
Bay County, Florida has its capital in Panama City, which is also a city contained within the county, and it shares a border with Walton County, Florida.
Nejc Plesec is a member of the sports team NK Celje, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Myale is a human settlement located in the Bhamo District of Myanmar.
The Global Water Partnership, an organization headquartered in Stockholm, was established in 1996.
Turku Student Village is a residential area located in Finland and consists of Turku Student Village West.
Sergio Rosas is a member of the sports team Lobos BUAP, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Casey McGehee, who is a human, has been a member of both the San Francisco Giants and the Pittsburgh Pirates sports teams.
Alyaksandr Chayka is a member of the sports team PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Paddy Roche was a member of the sports team F.C. Halifax Town, where his tenure started and ended at specific times with the club.
Thomas Rundqvist played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times within the league.
Anosy Tsararafa is a commune located in the Farafangana District of Madagascar.
Calgary-Nose Creek was an Alberta provincial electoral district in Canada that was abolished in 2004.
Gros Morne Golf Resort is a golf course located in Canada where the sport of golf is played.
Carbacid Investments, a business that began in 1961, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
Matej Rakovan is a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies played in the USSF Division 2 Professional League, which had a specific start and end time for their league tenure.
German submarine U-680 was part of the 31st U-boat Flotilla, serving from its start time to its end time.
Ally Week, an awareness week founded by GLSEN, was established on October 20, 2005.
Bruce Hunter was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
"A Low Down Dirty Shame" is an album with a soundtrack that was released on Jive Records on November 8, 1994.
Taylor Rochestie is a member of the Anhui Dragons sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Amiret El Hojjaj is a municipality located in the Monastir Governorate of Tunisia.
Aberdeen railway station in New South Wales is connected to the Hunter Line and was officially opened on 20 October 1870. It is adjacent to Muswellbrook railway station.
The Perm Academic Theatre is located in Perm and operates with specific start and end times.
Giuseppe Santelli's citizenship is Italian, but the specific start and end times of his Italian citizenship are not provided.
Vullnet Basha is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team FC Sion.
The 2014 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in 2014.
Leonid Khankevich is a member of the sports team FC Dnyapro Mogilev, with specific start and end times for his membership with the team.
Arturo Navarro is a member of the sports team CD Guijuelo, with a defined start and end time for his membership with the team.
Alloway Creek is a river in the United States that flows into the Delaware River.
The pedestrian bridge over the Segre River is a footbridge located in Spain, where it spans the Segre River.
"Memory Lost" is a television show originating from China, where it is produced in the Chinese language.
Efrain Chacurian is a member of the sports team Brooklyn Hispano, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The law of 19 June 1857 is a French statute that applies to the jurisdiction of France.
Rafael Forster is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure at the club.
Inveralmond Community High School is a secondary school located in West Lothian, United Kingdom.
Garr Bain District is a district in Nimba County, Liberia, and it is an instance of the districts of Liberia.
Giorgio Morini was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Manyata Embassy Business Park, which began in 2001, is a business park with its headquarters located in Bangalore.
Alberto Delgado, a Cuban footballer, was a member of the Puerto Rico Islanders sports team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Mauricio Segovia is a member of the Puerto Rico Islanders sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Lisa Sari is a member of the Los Angeles Sol sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
Justin Timberlake won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a specific point in time.
Eric Oscroft was a member of the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Stockton Cricket Club is a cricket team based in the United Kingdom that plays the sport of cricket.
Metz Township is a township located in Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.
The 2009 Castleford Tigers season was a sports season of a sports club that took place in Spain during the year 2009.
Evan Lee is a member of the Richmond Kickers, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Peninsula Museum of Art, which is an art museum located in the United States, was founded in 2013.
Willy Brokamp was a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, with a specified start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Androrangovola is a commune in Madagascar, located in the Nosy Varika district.
Nagniangou is a human settlement located in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
The Sea Hunter is an unmanned surface vehicle manufactured by Vigor Industrial for the United States.
Bill Lawton was a member of the Lancashire County Cricket Club, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Oleksiy Prytulyak is a member of the sports team PFC Nyva Ternopil, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Thijs Bouma is a member of the sports team FC Twente, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Ismaila Soro is a member of the sports team FC Gomel, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Shuntokumichi Station is adjacent to Nagase Station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Nagase Station.
Soyuz TMA-17M had a significant event, which was its rocket launch. The launch occurred at a specific location and point in time.
The Khajuraho Dance Festival is a dance festival held in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Herbert Burgess was a member of the England national football team, serving from his start time to his end time on the team.
Lea Ann Miller, whose given name is Ann, is from the United States and is partnered with William Fauver in business or sport.
Ishmail Kamara was a member of the Virginia Beach Mariners, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
TalkFree, a business that began in 2003, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
The 2013 Newcastle Knights season was a sports season of a sports club that took place in Australia during the year 2013.
Field Combat is a game developed by Tose for the Nintendo Entertainment System and distributed on ROM cartridges.
The Alstom Coradia 1000 is a diesel multiple unit manufactured by Alstom for use in the United Kingdom.
The premiere of "Finding Nemo" is a significant event that took place at a specific location and point in time.
The Granada Theatre in Sherbrooke had its construction as a significant event, with a specified start and end time for the build.
Geoff Alley was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The 2010 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament was a lacrosse event that took place in 2010 as part of the sports season.
"Goodbye Hayabusa II: Haunted House" is a professional wrestling event that took place in Japan.
The Metropolitan Railway K Class was operated by the Metropolitan Railway, with its service starting and ending at specific times defined by the railway.
MXenergy was founded in 1999 and is a business headquartered in Baltimore.
Ashland Community High School is a high school located in Maine, United States.
The film "Stickmen" is a New Zealand production with a narrative set in New Zealand, and it features Paolo Rotondo as a cast member.
Kodyma Raion is located within the administrative territorial entity of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which had a specific start and end time for its existence.
Peter Tyndall is a human with the given name Peter and the family name Tyndall.
Khawhai is a human settlement located in the Champhai district of India.
Srinivas Rath received the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Herschel Bay is a bay located in Nunavut, Canada.
Colin Horsley is a citizen of the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ended at a certain point in time due to a specific cause.
The Skinny House in Deerfield, Illinois, United States, is a building located in Deerfield.
Martin Samuelsson played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times within the league.
Jenny McCarthy won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture for her work at a specific point in time.
Thomas Gray Hull, whose given name is Thomas, served in the United States Army and was educated at Tusculum University.
Lucas Nilsson is a member of the sports team Lindsdals IF, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Barbara Simons served as the chairperson of the Association for Computing Machinery during a specific term that had a defined start and end time.
Earl Boykins was a member of the Charlotte Hornets, with his tenure starting and ending at some point during his career with the team.
Maine Consolidated Elementary School District is a school district located in Arizona, United States.
David Boo Wiklander is a member of the sports team Qviding FIF, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Titagarh is a municipality located in the Barrackpore subdivision of West Bengal, India.
The Ellwood City Area School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Ivo Nicolau is a member of the sports team G.D. Lagoa, though the specific start and end times of his membership are mentioned but not provided with exact dates.
Asparuh Vasilev is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Varna, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The German Builder's House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Massif du Sud Wind Project is a wind farm located in Quebec, Canada.
John Schwalger was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
South Cleveland is a census-designated place located in Bradley County, Tennessee, in the United States.
Su-ngai Padi railway station is a train station located in Thailand and is owned by the State Railway of Thailand.
The Sutlej Yamuna link canal is an interbasin transfer located in India, serving as a canal that connects different river basins.
Alex Motter played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times in the league.
Hironori Saruta is a member of the sports team Balestier Khalsa FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Kostadin Angelov is a member of the sports team FC Sevlievo, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Abanda Herman is a member of the sports team PSM Makassar, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
John C. Slater was educated at Harvard University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Yadahalli, Bilagi is a village in the Bagalkot district of India.
Carla Morrison received the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song at a specific point in time.
Forsyth Barr Stadium, which was officially opened on August 5, 2011, was designed by the company Populous and is occupied by the Otago Rugby Football Union.
William Yolland, whose given name is William, received the Companion of the Order of the Bath and is a member of the Royal Society.
Abdellatif Boutaty is a member of the Stade Toulousain sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Jim Tooey, whose given name is Jim, is a human who was educated at William Paterson University.
William Brown played for the San Francisco Giants baseball team, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Moustafa Madbouly holds the position of Prime Minister of Egypt, having started in this role and replacing his predecessor.
Gafleispitz is a mountain located in Liechtenstein and is part of the Rätikon mountain range.
"Welcome to the Monkey House" is a short story written by Kurt Vonnegut and was published in the collection titled "Welcome to the Monkey House."
Donald Solomon is a member of the Cayman Islands national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time, though the exact time is mentioned twice without a specific date provided.
Springville, Virginia is a census-designated place located in Tazewell County, Virginia, United States.
Playa Puerto Cruz is a human settlement and a beach located in Venezuela.
Anfilogino Guarisi was a member of the Brazil national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
East Orange Township is a civil township located in Sioux County, Iowa, which is part of the United States.
Anton Kostadinov is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Varna, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Arzamas I railway station, which was officially opened in 1901, is operated by Russian Railways and is designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The A596 road is a road located in Cumbria, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Steven Emory is a member of the Colorado Rapids sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Borislav Stoyanov is a member of the sports team OFC Belasitsa Petrich, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Umm Salamuna is a village located in the Bethlehem Governorate of the State of Palestine.
Roberto Amodio is a member of the sports team S.S. Juve Stabia, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Kolo is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alexander Hysén was a member of the sports team GIF Sundsvall, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Valeri Sarychev was born in Dushanbe, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Tajikistan, a country.
Artur Kotenko is a member of the sports team Pärnu Linnameeskond, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Shane Huke is a member of the Rochedale Rovers FC, with a defined start and end time for his membership with the team.
Likalaneng is a community council in the Maseru District of Lesotho.
Subramaniam Badrinath is a member of the Chennai Super Kings sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The College World Series is held at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium, where specific start and end times are observed for the event.
Enterprise Earth is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was formed on January 1, 2014.
Baiano, a footballer born in 1978, was a member of CR Vasco da Gama, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Elisabeth Andreasson is a Swedish album that follows the album "Bobbysocks!" and is followed by "Greatest Hits Vol. 2."
Pavel Kuptsov was a member of the sports team FC Dnepr Mogilev, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mattia Corradi is a member of the A.C. Monza sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Yelnikovsky District was located within the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, existing throughout the duration of the republic's existence from its start time to its end time.
Winston Yap was a member of the Singapore national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Marc Crosas was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership that had a start and an end time.
The Orlando Design District is a neighborhood located in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Richard Caceres was a member of the sports team Persiba Balikpapan, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Megalopoli Mine is a lignite-producing mine located in Greece.
Plahn Nyarn District is a district in Sinoe County, Liberia, and it is an instance of the districts of Liberia.
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa is a member of the Oita Trinita sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
"Between Wars" is an Australian film produced by Michael Thornhill, with the original language being English.
Waldemar de Brito was a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The film "Rajdhani" is a Hindi movie originating from India, featuring Sunil Dutt in its cast.
The All-time Albany BWP Highlanders roster is a Wikimedia list article that documents the players of the Albany BWP Highlanders association football team, which is based in the United States.
Michihiro Tsuruta is a member of the sports team Ventforet Kofu, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Bud Collyer was the presenter of "To Tell the Truth," and he hosted the show from its start time to its end time.
Artur Gubaydullin is a member of the sports team FC Nosta Novotroitsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Shrigonda is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India, located in the state of Maharashtra.
"Razzle Dazzle: A Journey into Dance" is an Australian film distributed by Palace Cinemas in Australia, with Garry Phillips serving as the director of photography.
Tom Jackson, a rugby player from Wales, played for the Wales national rugby union team with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Zakonopravilo, a piece of legislation authored by Saint Sava, applies to the jurisdiction of the Byzantine Empire.
The Porcupine Provincial Forest is a provincial forest located in Division No. 20, Manitoba, Canada.
Punakaiki is a human settlement located in the Buller District of New Zealand.
Jan Svátek is a member of the sports team SFC Opava, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
German submarine U-190 was part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla, though the specific start and end times for its service with this flotilla are not provided.
Peatlands Park is a park located in County Armagh, United Kingdom.
Elephant Games, a video game developer with headquarters in Yoshkar-Ola, was founded in 2003.
Vilmar da Cunha Rodrigues is a member of the sports team FC Lustenau 07, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kotmale is a human settlement located in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka.
Octavian Abrudan is a member of the sports team FCSB, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Winding Gulf Coalfield is a coal-mining region located in the United States and is categorized under the main category of Winding Gulf Coalfield.
Serhiy Karpenko is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal Kharkiv, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Le Chat Noir is a musical duo that formed in Moretonhampstead and plays garage rock.
Juan Diego González is a member of the sports team Club Almagro, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Gaston Waringhien was a member of the Akademio de Esperanto, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Igor Malakhov was a member of the sports team FC Zhemchuzhina Budyonnovsk, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Ben Bot served as the director or manager of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, though the specific start and end times of his tenure are not provided.
Yevgeni Tarasov was a member of FC Zenit Saint Petersburg, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Chicago Blackhawks received the Prince of Wales Trophy at a specific point in time.
Parrana San Martino is a frazione, which is a type of administrative division, located in Collesalvetti, Italy.
"Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma" is published by Tong Li Publishing, which applies to a specific jurisdiction and publishes the work in a particular language.
Edson Sitta is a member of the Clube Atlético Juventus, with a defined start and end time for his membership at the club.
Espetada is a pork dish from Portugal that includes meat as one of its key components.
Florin Cernat is a member of the sports team FC Viitorul Constanța, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Michigan State University College of Education is part of a university located in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.
Enzo Turco is an Italian citizen. The start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are specified. However, the specific dates for the start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Viktor Zvyahintsev was a member of the Soviet Union national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Paulinho Santos was a member of the Portugal national football team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Aleksei Prokudin is a member of the sports team FC Asmaral Moscow, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Marios Elia is a member of the sports team APOEL FC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Ilya Tsymbalar was a member of the FC Spartak Moscow sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Hope Saddle is a mountain pass located in the Tasman District of New Zealand.
Fatih Akyel was a member of the Turkey national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership with the team.
Boot Hill is a tabletop role-playing game published by TSR in 1975.
Graham Burnett was a member of the Wellington cricket team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Florijana Ismaili is a member of the BSC YB Frauen sports team, with her membership starting and ending at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
The Rockleigh Historic District is a historic district located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Thingwall House is an architectural structure located in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
The St. Paul Rangers is an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
The swing revival, a music genre that originated in the United States, began on January 1, 1990.
Imbonggu District is a district in the Southern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea.
Aleksei Karakosov was a member of the Russia national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Sielce Lewe is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Maków.
Gusfand Guyeh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Sarul Kanwar is a member of the Mumbai Indians sports team, with a defined start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
Bahamas-Spain relations are a bilateral relationship involving both Spain and The Bahamas.
Marko Tredup is a member of the Tennis Borussia Berlin sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The British Bulldogs are a tag team in professional wrestling based in the United States.
WWSE is a radio station located in New York state, United States.
The TV series "Go Player" originally aired on CCTV-14, with a specified start and end time on the network.
R v Brown is a legal case that took place in the United Kingdom and was heard in the Judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Federico Nanni is a member of the sports team S.P. Tre Penne, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Sveti Duh, Dravograd is a human settlement located in the Municipality of Dravograd, Slovenia.
GNIDA Office is a metro station located in India and is adjacent to the Depot metro station.
Jared Borgetti was a member of the Dorados de Sinaloa sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto is a member of the sports team Kalmar FF, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Animas Creek is an intermittent river located in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, in the United States.
Bruno Lemiechevsky is a member of the sports team FK Atlantas, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Maksim Buznikin is a member of the sports team FC Kazanka Moscow, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The German submarine U-136 (1941) was repurposed for educational use, with its educational period starting at a certain point and ending at another.
The Hermosa Beach City School District is a school district located in California, United States.
"Amigos Para Siempre" is a song composed and produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber, performed by José Carreras.
"Experimental Marriage" is a silent film from the United States that is now in the public domain.
Indian Hills is a neighborhood located in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Romain Cabon is a member of the sports team US Avranches, with specified start and end times for his membership.
The LNER Thompson Class A2/1 was operated by the London and North Eastern Railway, starting at a certain time and ending at another specific time during its operation.
The South African Class 14E1 was manufactured by Union Carriage & Wagon. The company's involvement with this class started at a certain start time and ended at a certain end time.
The Indian Society of International Law is a professional body located in New Delhi, India.
Valeri Abramidze was a member of the Georgia national football team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Sergio Hellings is a member of the sports team R.S.C. Anderlecht, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Gertrudów is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Gomunice.
Vasily Zhurnevich was a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ted Eck was a member of the Kansas City Comets, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time on the team.
Chhitampatti is a village located in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
The 1981 Australian Drivers' Championship is an instance of the Australian Drivers' Championship held in Australia and is part of the auto racing sport.
"The Bronx Is Burning" is an English-language work primarily about baseball.
Jeff Whitley was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Karim Bagheri is a member of both Charlton Athletic F.C. and Al-Nasr Dubai SC, and he participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Lehua Night Market is a night market located in Yonghe District, Taiwan.
Travis Henry was a member of the Buffalo Bills, where his tenure with the team had a specific start time and end time.
St. Charles is a city located in Winona County, Minnesota, in the United States.
Eric Nickulas played in the National Hockey League, with his league tenure spanning from his start time to his end time.
Omer Tchalisher was a member of the Israel national under-18 football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Rinus Terlouw was a member of the Sparta Rotterdam sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Hato Corozal Airport, an aerodrome located in Colombia, serves the transport needs of Hato Corozal.
The Klamath Falls City School District is a school district located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, in the United States.
The Bhutan takin is a subspecies of the takin and is classified as a taxon.
The Great British Cheese Festival, which began in 1994, is a food festival held in the United Kingdom.
Malaysia Federal Route 8, which is a road in Malaysia, was established in 1887.
The Alokozay Kabul International Cricket Ground is a sports venue located in Kabul, the capital city of Afghanistan.
Omar Jarun is a member of the Palestine national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership with the team.
Gonzalo Galindo is a member of the sports team Club Aurora, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Idea Charter School, which is a school in the United States, was established in 2011.
The Schiaparelli EDM had a significant event, which was its rocket launch. The launch occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Broomfield School in New Zealand was founded in 1881 and is an instance of a school located in New Zealand.
Volodimir Levin was a member of the sports team Gabala FK, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Experimental Pop Band is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom that specializes in the indie pop genre.
Laibacher Zeitung, a German-language newspaper, was founded in 1778.
Chester Northgate railway station is a train station located in Chester, United Kingdom.
Patrick Beech was a member of the New Orleans Storm sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at some point during the team's existence.
Victor Van Schil was a member of the Molteni sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
Matt Hobden is a member of the Sussex County Cricket Club, with a defined period of membership that includes both a start time and an end time.
Monovox is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was formed on January 1, 1992.
"Gold Pants" is an album by Leslie and the LY's, which was published in 2005.
Giovanni Borgato is a member of the sports team Bologna F.C. 1909, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Fraser Hore is a member of the Surrey County Cricket Club, with a defined period during which he was part of the team, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Yuri Petrov is a member of the sports team MFC Mykolaiv, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Jon White was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Gathairu is a human settlement located in the Central Province of Kenya.
Mauricio Molina is a member of the sports team Independiente Santa Fe, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Veeravaram is a village in India, located in the Kadiam mandal administrative territorial entity.
Vincent Malo works in Antwerp, where he started and ended his specific period of work, though the exact start and end times are not specified.
Tommy Logan was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, serving during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Kingsway High School, a secondary school in South Africa, was founded in 1953.
Flying Fish Brewing, a business that began in 1995, has its headquarters in Somerdale, New Jersey.
The ArsDigita Community System is a free software project developed by ArsDigita and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Veerasammy Permaul is a member of the Guyana Amazon Warriors sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Christoph Metzelder was a member of the sports team TuS Haltern, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Ivan Shipov, whose given name is Ivan, received two prestigious awards: the Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky and the Order of the White Eagle from the Russian Empire.
Arthur Johnson is a human who goes by the given name Arthur and is a member of the rugby league team, the Widnes Vikings.
Carles Coto is a member of the sports team Doxa Katokopias FC, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Chris Oddleifson is a human who played in the National Hockey League and was a member of the Winnipeg Monarchs.
Nicolas Laharrague was a member of the France A national rugby union team, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
Erica jasminiflora is a species within the genus Erica and is classified as a taxon.
Leonel Felice is a member of the sports team Club Rivadavia, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
The Georgia Apple Festival, which is a food festival, began in 1971 and is held in the United States.
John Davidson was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Scott Hastings was a member of the British and Irish Lions rugby union team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Trail Dust Town is a shopping mall located in Arizona, United States.
Rodos Colossi RFC is a sports team that competes in rugby union.
Alexandre Finazzi is a member of the sports team Mixto Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Soochipara Falls is a waterfall located in the Wayanad district of India.
Tony Leiker, a human, is a member of the Stanford Cardinal football team.
Nash-Rocky Mount Public Schools is a school district located in North Carolina, United States.
Mamdouh Habib is a human citizen of Egypt who practices Islam.
Phyllis Fox is a human who worked for General Electric and is notable for her work on the programming language DYNAMO.
Rabiu Ibrahim was a member of the Nigeria national under-20 football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Domenico Suriano was a member of the sports team Giulianova Calcio, where his tenure started and ended at specific times with the team.
"The Carnelian Cube" is an English-language work originating from the United States, with its cover art created by David Kyle.
Metro Insurgentes Sur was inaugurated in 2012 and is located in Mexico City, Mexico.
Mawbima is a newspaper that began publication in 2006 and is written in the Sinhala language.
Peter Stagg was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
"Avengers: Endgame" won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain. The award was given at a specific point in time.
Draco Racing is a sports club that was founded in Italy in 1989.
Larry Smith, a human who played as a running back, was educated at Thomas Richard Robinson High School and was a member of the Washington Redskins sports team.
Hannah Bromley is a member of the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles sports team, with a defined start and end time for her membership.
Chung Sang-nam is a member of the Suwon Samsung Bluewings sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
"John Nesbitt's Passing Parade" is a radio program that originated in the United States and is distinct from "The Passing Parade."
The Pennsylvania Railroad class B6 was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad, with its service starting and ending during specific times defined by the railroad.
Broaddus is an unincorporated community located in Virginia, United States.
Handique Girls College, established in 1939, is a college located in India.
Eloy Edu is a member of the sports team CD Santa Eugenia, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mood 92.0 FM is an English-language radio station located in Amman.
Manabu Umezawa is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the Yokohama Flügels sports team.
Ari, a footballer born in 1980, was a member of the Kashima Antlers, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Freddie Sharpe is a human with the given name Freddie and is a member of the sports team Reading F.C.
Mickleover Royal British Legion F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, playing the sport of association football.
The Flood Forecasting Centre in the United Kingdom was established as a government agency in 2009.
Mike Lünsmann was a member of the sports team SCC Berlin, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"Society of Mind" is a written work authored by Marvin Minsky and was published on January 1, 1988.
Evgeny Velikhov received the Global Energy Prize, which recognizes his contributions related to his citizenship and was awarded at a specific point in time.
Final Fantasy XV: Pocket Edition is a mobile game composed by Yoko Shimomura and is available on the Android operating system.
Dmitri Bayda is a member of the sports team FC Orenburg, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Ferdowsi Street is a street located in Tabriz, which is an administrative territorial entity in Iran.
John Yapp was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Armando Bini is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned without further details.
The 2011 APRA Silver Scroll Awards is an award ceremony that took place in New Zealand in 2011.
The Om Prakash Bhasin Award, an award given in India, was established in 1985.
Amalner railway station is a train station located in India and is owned by Indian Railways.
"The Phantom Tollbooth" is an English-language book originating from the United States, illustrated by Jules Feiffer.
Henry E. Brady was educated at Harvey Mudd College, where he obtained an academic degree.
Kristiansand Cathedral School is a secondary school located in Kristiansand, Norway.
The 2009 New Zealand Music Awards is an award ceremony that took place in New Zealand in 2009.
José Francisco Cevallos is a member of the sports team L.D.U. Quito, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Make Believe is a male horse born in 2012, and his father is Makfi.
The Southwest Louisiana National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a national wildlife refuge complex located in Louisiana, United States.
The Warminster Journal, a tabloid-format newspaper, was first published in 1881.
Hamish Scott was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ratac Abbey is an abbey located in the administrative territorial entity of Bar, Montenegro.
Jerrad Tyson is a member of the Sunshine Coast FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Frank Bunce is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Dixy Chicken, a business that began in 1986, has its headquarters in Solihull.
North Hsinchu railway station is operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration and is connected to the Neiwan line. It is adjacent to Qianjia railway station.
Jar Launcher is a software developed by Apple Inc., which runs on the Java virtual machine.
Meurthe is a department that contains the administrative territorial entity of Hammeville. However, the specific start and end times for Hammeville's inclusion within Meurthe are not provided.
Poul Nyrup Rasmussen served as the head of government in Denmark, with a term that had a specific start and end time.
Hillcrest Wildlife Management Area is a wildlife management area located in West Virginia, United States.
Eduard Sturki is a member of the sports team FC Nizhny Novgorod, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Richard E. Cole was educated at Marion L. Steele High School and received the Distinguished Flying Cross. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Alex Grendi was a member of the Columbus Crew SC, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Vladimir Lash is a human with the given name Vladimir and is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Beckside is a village located in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Burlington Public School District RE-6J is a school district located in Burlington, Colorado, in the United States.
Alberto Delgado, a Cuban footballer, was a member of the Colorado Rapids, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Nicoleta Dincă participated in the European Women's U-19 Handball Championship, where she received an award.
Henry Medina was a member of the Guatemala national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Federico Chabod was an Italian citizen, with his citizenship in Italy starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Bassett Unified School District is a school district located in California, United States.
At the 1954 Swiss Grand Prix, Juan Manuel Fangio won the race and set the fastest lap, while José Froilán González secured the pole position.
Maksim Karpovich is a member of the sports team FC Savit Mogilev, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Manzoor Dar is a member of the sports team Kings XI Punjab, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ed Zeniuk played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times in the league.
Chortitz is a human settlement located in Division No. 3, Manitoba, Canada.
The James G. Pendleton House is a house located in Maine, United States.
Paul Gascoigne received the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Brookhouse School, a school in Kenya, was founded in 1981.
Francis Llacer was a member of the sports team Montpellier HSC, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
The 2018 World's Strongest Man competition was a season of the sports event held in the Philippines in 2018.
"I Want You, I Need You, I Love You" is an English-language song written by Maurice Mysels, who both composed and wrote the lyrics for it.
"Badr-ud-Duja" is an album performed by Junaid Jamshed and was published in 2007.
The East Hampton Union Free School District is a school district located in New York state, United States.
Whirinaki Power Station is an oil-fired power station located in New Zealand, operated by Contact Energy.
Sebastian Backer is a member of the sports team Eintracht Braunschweig, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Simon Cowley is a human and a cricketer who goes by the given name Simon. He is a member of the Herefordshire County Cricket Club.
Medley is a town located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, in the United States.
Russell Gulch is a ghost town located in Colorado, United States.
Boadilla de Rioseco serves as the capital and contains the settlement of Boadilla de Rioseco, which also shares a border with Guaza de Campos.
Bikna railway station is adjacent to Bankura Junction railway station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards Bankura Junction.
Katherine Clark was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, where she obtained an academic degree.
Nathpora is a village in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Jean Pierre Fuentes is a member of the sports team Alianza Lima, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Chester Castle was designed by the architect Thomas Harrison and features Norman architecture. It is designated as a Grade I listed building.
Opus musicum, a magazine written in the Czech language, was inaugurated in 1969.
Guo Zhenqian serves as the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China, though the specific start and end times of her tenure are not provided.
Kazuyoshi Miura was a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara, where his tenure started and ended at specific times.
Omar Pouso is a member of the sports team Club Libertad, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Steve Snitch, whose given name is Steve, is a human and a member of the Northern Pride RLFC sports team.
The Northwestern School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Pedro Pedrucci was a member of the Uruguay national football team, with a defined period of membership that had a starting and ending time.
Pontpierre is a town located in Mondercange, which is part of Luxembourg.
Woodland Park is a designated place located in Alberta, which is an administrative territorial entity in Canada.
Pablo Aimar was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Roland Alphonso is a saxophonist who has been recorded under both Island Records and Studio One.
The 2009 Women's Oceania Handball Championship was a season of handball competition held in 2009.
Charles Birch was educated at the University of Adelaide, where he obtained an academic degree at a specific point in time.
Highlands Ranch is a census-designated place located in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.
Oreste Baratieri was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which had a defined start and end time.
Kothurne is a village located in the Pune district of India.
XHSPR-TDT is a television station in Mexico that broadcasts in the Spanish language.
The 2014 Belgrade City Assembly election was a local election that took place in Serbia in 2014.
Thiago Braga de Souza is a member of the sports team Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Yannick Quesnel is a member of the sports team FC Girondins de Bordeaux, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kent and Sussex Crematorium and Cemetery, established in 1873, is a cemetery located in the United Kingdom.
Axel Kruse was a member of the sports team F.C. Hansa Rostock, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Mahicon Librelato is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Uspenski Gospels, an ancient manuscript written in Ancient Greek, is part of the collection at the National Library of Russia.
Mount Sherrill is a mountain located in New York State, United States.
The List of Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanghai is a Wikimedia list article that includes cultural properties in China.
Tsonma is a human settlement located in Myitkyina District, which is part of Myanmar.
Matihani is a village development committee located in the Mahottari District of Nepal.
SCORE International is a nonprofit organization based in the United States that focuses on motorsport.
Simos Krassas was a member of the Cyprus national football team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Earl Pomeroy was educated at the University of North Dakota School of Law, where he obtained an academic degree.
The Oklahoma Victory Dolls, a roller derby league based in the United States, were founded in 2007.
Oystermouth is a village located in Swansea, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Golestan, Ardabil is a village located in Ardabil Province, Iran.
Cafe Wha? is located in the Greenwich Village area of Manhattan, United States.
BRP Rajah Lakandula (PF-4) is a ship built by Brown Shipbuilding and is registered in the United States.
The Golden Screen TV Awards, which began in 2004, are a set of awards held in the Philippines.
Sanlu Highway station is adjacent to Minrui Road station and connects to it via a line that goes in both directions.
Maksim Barsov is a member of the sports team FC Orenburg, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The 2014 Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in 2014.
Hapit Ibrahim is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team Sriwijaya F.C.
The Louis Cabot House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Joint Opposition is an organization based in Sri Lanka, with Dinesh Gunawardena serving as its chairperson.
Alejandro Villanueva is a member of the Peru national football team, having joined at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The 1965 World Figure Skating Championships were part of the World Figure Skating Championships series, following the 1964 event and followed by the 1966 championships.
Joan Subirats was educated at the University of Barcelona, where he obtained an academic degree upon completing his studies.
Rodrigo Ruiz was a member of the Chile national football team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Plumcreek Township is a township located in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Cliff Brown played for the Kansas City Comets soccer team, with his membership starting and ending at specific times with the team.
Ang Lee received the BAFTA Award for Best Direction for his work at a specific point in time.
Antonio Moreno Ruiz is a member of the sports team Pontevedra CF, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Bolshoye Ignatovo is located in the Bolsheignatovsky District. The district's establishment and dissolution times for Bolshoye Ignatovo are specified, indicating both its start and end times within the district. However, specific dates for these times are not provided in the given information.
Scheurleer & Zoonen is a business with its origin in the Netherlands.
The Friendswood Development Company, a business that began in 1962, has its headquarters located in Houston.
Jani Tapani Virtanen is a member of the sports team Rovaniemen Palloseura, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Angelos Anastasiadis was a member of the Greece national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Tracy Fleury, whose full name is Tracy Horgan, is a human.
Wiechowo is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Marianowo.
Billel Omrani was a member of the France national under-18 football team, with a specific membership period that had a start time and an end time.
The 1923 Walker Cup was a season in golf that took place in 1923.
Gus Bilirakis completed his education at the Stetson University College of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
Tianzhou 1 experienced a significant event with its rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Dwayne McGerrigle, a human, is known by the given name Dwayne and is a member of the Ireland cricket team.
Artyom Leonov is a member of the sports team FC Torpedo Minsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kosta Yanev is a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Dutch Bridge Federation, a sports governing body, was established in the Netherlands in 1930.
Lost Creek is a river that is a tributary of the Cuivre River, located in Missouri, United States.
José Ramón Esnaola was a member of the sports team Real Betis, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Terry Felix was a member of the Canada men's national soccer team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Blenheim River is a river located in Saint Andrew Parish, Dominica.
Brian Edmeades was a member of the Essex County Cricket Club, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Zambra is a folk dance that is a facet of flamenco and originates from Spain.
Parmer County, Texas has its capital in Farwell, Texas, which is also a city within the county. Additionally, Parmer County shares a border with Lamb County, Texas.
Armando Peverelli represented Italy in sports, with his involvement starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Atlanta Baroque Orchestra, an orchestra that originated in the United States, was founded in 1997.
Larry Bird received the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award for his performance in the men's basketball competition.
Trace Adkins is signed to both BBR Music Group and Capitol Records Nashville, and he plays the guitar.
Florian Kainz is a member of the sports team SK Sturm Graz, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Zach Pope is a member of the Austin Lightning sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Walderton is a village located in West Sussex, United Kingdom.
Assédio is a television show distributed by Rede Globo in Brazil.
Karlo Primorac is a member of the sports team NK Osijek, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Baltimore Township is a township located in Barry County, Michigan, United States.
Jonatas Belusso is a member of the sports team Ermis Aradippou FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Outsourced, the TV series created by Ken Kwapis, is in English and is distinct from the film titled Outsourced.
First Capital Realty was established as a public company in 1994.
Derenik Demirchian was a student at the Gevorgian Seminary, where he began his studies.
Marcelo Tolomeotti is a member of the Goiânia Esporte Clube, with his membership having both a start time and an end time.
Carolina Ballet, a nonprofit organization based in the United States, was founded in 1997.
At the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003, Dino Jelusick won for his country, which is Croatia. Note: The predicate "dinoJelusick" seems to be intended to indicate Dino Jelusick's country, which is repeated and clarified here as Croatia.
Luis Fernández coached the sports team Stade de Reims during a specific period, which had a defined start and end time.
The Paintsville Independent School District is a school district located in Kentucky, United States.
Castlefield Gallery, an art museum in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1984.
Nicolle Flint was a candidate for the 2019 Australian federal election, representing a political party and running in a specific electoral district.
Traungold Cave is a cave discovered in Austria in 1999.
James Magee was a member of the Ireland cricket team, with specific start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Anco-Huallo is a district in the Chincheros Province of Peru, and it is part of the districts of Peru.
Stefan Pavlov is a member of the sports team FC Chepinets Velingrad, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
German submarine U-363 was part of the 8th U-boat Flotilla, serving from its start time to its end time within this unit.
Éric Matoukou is a member of the Cameroon national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Andrés Romero, an Argentine footballer, was a member of the Clube Náutico Capibaribe sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Tulki Tappehsi is a village located in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Robbin Ruiter is a member of the sports team FC Volendam, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Karen Keiser, whose given name is Karen, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and is an instance of a human.
Slyce, a business that began operations in 2012, has its headquarters located in Toronto.
More Radio Eastbourne is a radio station that began operations in January 1997 and is located in the United Kingdom.
"Bedevilled Rabbit" is a cartoon from the United States and is part of the "Merrie Melodies" series, with the narrative taking place in Tasmania.
Diego Bengolea is a member of the sports team Club Aurora, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Acostambo is a district in the Tayacaja Province of Peru, and it is part of the districts of Peru.
The Varunastra torpedo, which originates from and is manufactured in India by Bharat Dynamics Limited, is an Indian weapon system.
Diego Tonetto is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Union Station in Toronto is adjacent to the Oriole GO Station and connects to lines heading towards Oriole.
Adams Musical Instruments is a musical instrument manufacturing company based in the Netherlands, with its headquarters located in Thorn.
The Stuttgart Formation is a geological formation located in Germany and is a subclass of the Middle Keuper.
Joseph Laumann was a member of the MSV Duisburg II sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Sulthankada is a village located in the Idukki district of India.
Yuriy Tselykh was a member of the sports team FC Metalist Kharkiv, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Thomas Henry Burke held the position of deputy mayor at a specific point in time and for a particular location.
Andrei Bulatov is a member of the sports team FC Khimki, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Peter Falconet worked in London, where he started at a certain time and ended his tenure at another time.
The Burlington Community School District is a school district in the United States, located in Iowa.
The 2003 Liechtenstein constitutional referendum was a referendum held in Liechtenstein in 2003.
Karkams is a town located in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality in South Africa.
Snuff Puppets is a theatrical troupe based in Victoria, Australia.
Alexandre Ludovic is a member of the sports team G.D. Chaves, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mikalay Zyanko is a member of the sports team FC Slutsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Daniel Massey received the Laurence Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a Revival at a specific point in time.
IceStone is a business located in Brooklyn, United States.
Christi Craddick is a human with the given name Christi and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Vasil Tachev is a member of the sports team FC Sozopol, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Johan Wallens is a member of the sports team C.F. Pachuca, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Michael Shishman of Bulgaria was married to Ana-Neda. The relationship with Ana-Neda had a specific start time and an end time.
John Alexander Simpson was educated at Reed College, where he obtained an academic degree.
"Call Me Bandicoot," a written work authored by William Pène du Bois, was published on January 1, 1970.
Al Khalas is a human settlement located in the Makkah Region of Saudi Arabia.
Adra Union is a union council in Bangladesh, located in the Nangalkot Upazila administrative territorial entity.
Sherpalam is a union council located in the Swat District of Pakistan.
William Robb, a footballer born in 1895, was a member of the Scotland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Francis Narh was a member of the Ghana national under-20 football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Philippine Commission was an upper house that was part of the Philippine Legislature but was abolished in 1916.
"Scenes from Goethe's Faust" is a German oratorio composed by Robert Schumann.
ESSA-4 was launched on January 26, 1967, from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 using a Thor-Delta space launch vehicle.
The Escondido mosque fire occurred in Escondido, California, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of California.
Smrdelje is a human settlement located in Kistanje, which is an administrative territorial entity in Croatia.
Horatio Collins King, whose given name was Horatio, had an allegiance to the United States and is buried at Green-Wood Cemetery.
Addington Racing, a business based in the United States, was founded in 1997.
John McLeod, a footballer born in 1866, was a member of the Scotland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Badovinci is a village in Serbia, distinct from another place called Badovinci in Ozalj.
Outwood Academy City Fields is a school located in England, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Imangali Tasmagambetov served as the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan, holding the position from a specific start time to an end time.
Ihor Zaytsev is a footballer who was a member of FC Shakhtar Donetsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Bruno Abbatini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which began at the start time and ended at the end time of the kingdom.
Rokneddin Mokhtari is a male human who plays the violin.
Advanced Power Management, an application programming interface discovered by Microsoft, was introduced in 1992.
Claud Raymond, whose first name is Claud, was awarded the Victoria Cross and was educated at Wellington College in Berkshire.
Fatehpur Talratoy is a village in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Oleksiy Tupchiy is a member of the sports team FC Vitebsk, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament that took place in 1950 and featured baseball as the sport.
Vina Vidai Vettai Juniors (Season 2) is a television series originating from India, produced in the Tamil language.
The Overton Islands in Nevada are part of an archipelago located in the United States within the state of Nevada.
Oleh Karamushka is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Angela Mortimer won the women's singles title at the 1955 French Championships, which followed the 1954 French Championships and was followed by the 1956 French Championships.
Chrustowo is a village located in the Gmina Oborniki administrative territorial entity within Oborniki County, Poland.
Richard von Mises had Georg Hamel as his doctoral advisor, was a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, and was related to Alfred Landau.
The State University of Montes Claros is a public educational institution located in Montes Claros, Brazil.
The Allensworth School District is a school district located in California, United States.
The National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art is located near Deoksugung and operates with specific start and end times there.
The Dahlgren River is a river located in St. Louis County, Minnesota, in the United States.
Feng Chun-kai is a member of the Action Cycling Team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Sean Jarrett, a human, is a member of the Brisbane Bandits sports team.
Krupy is a village in the Masovian Voivodeship of Poland and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Kosów Lacki.
Haverfordwest RFC, a rugby union team, was founded on January 1, 1875, and competes in the sport of rugby union.
B. Jayant Baliga received the Global Energy Prize, which was awarded to him based on his country of citizenship at a specific point in time.
Seabank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located in England, United Kingdom.
Sergio Panzardo is a member of the sports team Stade Malherbe Caen, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ian Botting was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Old Ones, a literary work authored by Kevin Siembieda, is published by Palladium Books.
Jay Richard Stauffer Jr., whose given name is Jay, was educated at Virginia Tech.
Archie Kyle was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, serving during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
The Portrait of Leslie W. Miller, which depicts a man, is part of the collection and currently located at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Confluence Park is a park located in Colorado, United States.
The Sarasota Police Department, established in 1913, is a municipal police department located in the United States.
"Cross Creek" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design, making it a nominee in that category.
Thatta Jhamb is a human settlement located in the Chiniot District of Pakistan.
Sattar Hamedani was a member of the sports team Al-Nassr FC, where his tenure started and ended at certain times with Al-Nassr FC. However, specific start and end times are not provided.
David Neft, whose given name is David, is a human who was educated at Columbia Business School.
The D.N. Edmiston House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Scottdale is a census-designated place located in DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States.
Alfredo Trentalange, whose given name is Alfredo, is a human who plays association football.
Ognjen Mudrinski is a member of the sports team Red Star Belgrade, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sunnybrook State Park, a Connecticut state park in the United States, was established on January 1, 1970.
Emil Stoev is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Plovdiv, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
The Williams-Ball-Copeland House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The National Order of Chad, a distinction order of Chad, was established on April 12, 1960.
Enis Hajri is a member of the SpVgg Ludwigsburg sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch is a broadsheet newspaper published in English and is printed in Richmond, Virginia.
Kim Christofte was a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Aleksandr Maslov is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Makhachkala, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Andreas Drugge is a member of the sports team Trelleborgs FF, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Narain Swamy is a member of the India national cricket team, having joined and left at specific times.
The USS Hué City, manufactured by Ingalls Shipbuilding, is based out of Naval Station Mayport, which is located in Jacksonville.
Hervé Bugnet was a member of the Montpellier HSC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The Sunol Water Temple is a structure of sacred architecture located in California, United States.
"The Last Pin" is a short story published in English by the publisher Fedogan & Bremer.
Howard Phillips was a member of the Hampshire County Cricket Club, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
The Pullman School District is a school district located in Washington state, United States.
Richard Roxburgh won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work at a specific point in time.
James Gates Percival was educated at the Yale School of Medicine, where he obtained an academic degree.
Serhiy Kryvtsov was a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
HV Swift Roermond is a sports club based in the Netherlands that specializes in handball.
Thomas Dunne Books, an organization founded in 1986, has its headquarters in New York City.
Thomas Pascoe held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, with his term starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Temple News is a broadsheet newspaper owned by Temple University.
Layonel Adams is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Osaka 7th district is a district of the House of Representatives in Japan, located in Osaka Prefecture.
Los Plebes del Rancho de Ariel Camacho is a band that performs rock and pop music, with both its origin and citizenship in Mexico.
Deniz Aslan is a member of the sports team Boluspor, with a specified start time and end time for her membership with the team.
Kurpania is a human settlement located in the Bokaro district of India.
Lergho is a village located in the Garango Department of Burkina Faso.
The Maclennan River is a river located in the Otago region of New Zealand.
Shafi Goldwasser received the Turing Award at a specific point in time, along with another recipient.
The National Core for Neuroethics is a research institute located in British Columbia, Canada.
The King Range in California is a protected area located in the state of California, United States.
Daniel Mogoșanu is a member of the sports team ASC Oțelul Galați, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Len Evans is a human who played football for Wales and was a member of the sports team Cardiff City F.C.
The Krasnoturansky District is part of the West Siberian Krai, but the specific start and end times for its inclusion in the administrative territorial entity are not provided.
Peter Cushing received the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at a specific point in time.
IDT Megabite Cafe is a restaurant located in New York City, United States.
The 2015 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election that took place in the United Kingdom in early 2015.
Nikolai Gulayev received the Gold Star award at a specific point in time.
"The Man Who Japed" is an English-language noveloriginating from the United States, with its narrative set in New York City.
Chitinamit is an archaeological site in Guatemala that belongs to the Maya civilization.
Frost Fire Park is a ski resort located in North Dakota, United States.
Félix Mourinho is a member of the sports team C.F. Os Belenenses, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actor, which is an award given in the Philippines, was established in 1975.
Tommy Atherton was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Abelardo Fernández was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Association for Perioperative Practice, an organization founded in 1964, has its headquarters in Harrogate.
Joseph C. Miller is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, where he holds a specific role.
Marrakech is a board game published by Gigamic and designed by Dominique Ehrhard.
Our Lady of Vailankanni High School is a secondary school located in Borivali, which is in India.
Deshawn Stephens is a member of the Akita Northern Happinets sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Nobby Clark played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at specific times in the league.
Jeffrey Talan was a member of the Netherlands national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Fahem Ouslati is a member of the sports team MO Constantine, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Imam Hussein Mosque is a mosque located in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
The John Hoersch House is a historic house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dzwonów is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Chojnów.
"Seachanges (with Danse Macabre)" is a musical work composed by Raymond Deane and was published in 1993.
Pelkachaur is a village development committee located in the Syangja District of Nepal.
"We Monsters" is a German TV show or film that originated in Germany, with Janina Fautz as a cast member, and it is originally in the German language.
Braun Motorsports is a business based in the United States that participates in auto racing.
Kenmoe Anuk Aime Takam is a member of the sports team FC Sodovik Sterlitamak, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Monarch Award, an award given in the United States, was established in 2003.
Vardi Kahana, a photographer, received the Sokolov Award.
David Diach is a member of the Costa Rica national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Alan Hollinghurst received the Somerset Maugham Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Yannick Kamanan is a member of the sports team K.V. Oostende, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Robert Yevdokimov was a member of the FC Spartak Moscow sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Harris Creek in Missouri is a stream located in the United States within the state of Missouri.
"The Toyminator" is a fantasy literature work written in English and follows "The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse."
Rafael Tesser is a member of the sports team Clube Atlético Mineiro, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Mulux is a human settlement located in the Ismailli District of Azerbaijan.
WJSB is a radio station located in Florida, United States.
Wuhan Business District station is adjacent to and connected to Wangjiadun East station via a connecting line, with services traveling towards Wangjiadun East station.
George Roy Hill received the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing -- Feature Film for his work at a specific point in time.
Karakyz is a human settlement located in the Quba District of Azerbaijan.
German submarine U-473 is used for educational purposes, with its education program starting at a certain time and ending at another specific time.
Matthew Olson is a member of the Seattle BigFoot sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Bank Foot Metro station is adjacent to Kingston Park Metro station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Kingston Park.
Martin Albano Pautasso was a member of the sports team Club Atlético Independiente, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Meridian 2 was marked by a significant event: a rocket launch that occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Gerry Doran was a member of the Ireland national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Hillary Clinton worked at the Rose Law Firm, where she held a position at a specific point in time.
Angie Kerr is a member of the Portland Thorns FC, though the specific start and end times of her membership with the team are not provided.
Robinson Department Store in Japan, a business that started on October 31, 1984, has its headquarters in Kasukabe, Saitama.
Erez Lapid is a human who was educated at Tel Aviv University, with Stephen Gelbart serving as his doctoral advisor.
Pavel Matyash is a member of the sports team Maziya S&RC, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Tony Kaltak was a member of the Vanuatu national under-17 football team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Wicked Cyclone is a roller coaster located in the United States, manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction.
Reinhard Lauck was a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Kim Kielsen holds the position of Prime Minister of Greenland, having started his term when he replaced his predecessor.
Venderevo is a village in Russia and is considered one of the subdivisions of the country.
"Corbo" is a French-language film distributed by Christal Films, with its narrative set in Montreal.
The N73 road is a road located in County Cork, which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Andreas Neuendorf is a member of the Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Worthing is a village located in Norfolk, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Cirilo Flores held the position of diocesan bishop, serving a diocese and replacing his predecessor in that role.
George Tsontakis received the Grawemeyer Award for music composition at a specific point in time.
India Infoline, a business that began in 1995, has its headquarters in New Delhi.
Gyan Bharati School, established in 1980, is a school located in India.
Thilina Kandamby is a member of the Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club, with a defined membership period that has both a start and an end time.
Ashley Hartog is a member of the sports team F.C. Cape Town, with a defined start and end time for his membership with the team.
Huseyn Mahammadov is a member of the sports team Turan-Tovuz IK, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Maroutsaia School, which is a school in Greece, was founded in 1742.
Madhuwan is a village development committee located in the Sunsari District of Nepal.
Jean Poyer is a human who speaks and writes French, and he is notably known for his work on the "Hours of Henry VIII."
Harbin was located in the administrative territorial entity of Songjiang Province, which existed between a specific start time and end time.
The Green Jackets Brigade was established as a military unit in the British Army on January 1, 1948.
John Dyson was a member of the New South Wales cricket team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
The List of Prince George's County Public Schools middle schools is a Wikimedia list article that includes various middle schools in the United States.
Stone Cross Halt is a train station located in the Wealden district of the United Kingdom.
Stefano Kunchev is a member of the sports team PFC Levski Sofia, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
ACS Dacia Unirea Brăila, which plays in Liga II, is coached by Florentin Petre and has its home venue at Stadionul Municipal in Brăila.
Tina Sharkey, whose given name is Tina, is a human who resides in Mill Valley, California.
Cleiton Xavier was a member of the Brazil national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Old Rochester Regional School District is a school district located in Massachusetts, United States.
Adagoor, Tumkur is a village located in the state of Karnataka, India.
Asier Riesgo is a member of the sports team Real Sociedad B, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Juan Chang is a member of the Cascade Surge sports team, with his membership starting at a certain start time and ending at a specific end time.
Dahe is a town in the Luquan District of Shijiazhuang, China.
The San Diego Bay Wine & Food Festival is a food festival located in San Diego County, California, United States.
Adolphe Bousquet was a member of the France national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Los Angeles Garment Workers strike of 1933 was a strike action that took place in the United States during 1933.
Roy Davies was a member of the Glamorgan County Cricket Club, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Penrith Building Society, a business established in 1877, has its headquarters located in Penrith, Cumbria.
The Oneida Number Three Tunnel is a tunnel located in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Imraan Mohammad is a member of the Gloucestershire County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Bernhard Raab is a member of the sports team Karlsruher SC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Malimdul is a village located in the Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District in Iran.
Alfred Noyes was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature but did not receive it.
Joannes Hermans worked in Rome, where he started his tenure at a certain time and ended it at another time.
Hugo Enyinnaya is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Anziolavinio, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The B'nai Yosef Synagogue is a synagogue located in Brooklyn, United States.
Pierce Township is a township located in Lawrence County, Missouri, and it is part of the list of townships in Missouri, United States.
Uilliams Bomfim Souza is a member of the Arapongas Esporte Clube, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Mikel Amantegui is a member of the sports team CF Badalona, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Dzmitry Aharodnik is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk, with his membership starting and ending at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Ken Hough was a member of the Australia national soccer team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
The Clare People is a tabloid-format newspaper that was established in 2005.
The 2017 TCR International Series Hungaroring round was an event held in Hungary during the 2017 season.
Jock Hobbs was a member of the Canterbury Rugby Football Union, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mauro Caballero is a member of the sports team Club Libertad, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Brewington Creek is a river located in Bandera County, Texas, United States.
Ansu Fati is a human with the family name Fati and is a member of the sports team FC Barcelona.
Pojoaque Valley Public Schools is a school district located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, in the United States.
"Dreadnaught" is a film originally produced in Cantonese and hails from Hong Kong, with Orange Sky Golden Harvest as its production company.
The Somerset Hills Regional School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Koichi Hashigaito is a member of the sports team Gamba Osaka, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Volodymyr Savchenko is a Ukrainian footballer who played for the Ukraine national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Mario Kröpfl is a member of the sports team FC Gratkorn, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
West Stewartstown is a census-designated place located in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States.
Tom Cochrane was nominated for the Juno Award for Single of the Year at a specific point in time.
Oleksandr Ishchenko is a member of the sports team FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, although the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Melandaha Upazila is an upazila, which is an administrative unit, located in Jamalpur District, Bangladesh.
Mathew Ryan is a member of both Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. and Central Coast Mariners FC, and he participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The Vancouver VooDoo, an ice hockey team, was established in 1993 and plays the sport of ice hockey.
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1958 is a list of fiction writing and is an instance of a Wikimedia list article, specifically focusing on the best sellers from that year.
Boilghin is a human settlement located in the Salogo Department of Burkina Faso.
Loni Bhapkar is a village in the state of Maharashtra, India.
Jeanne Galzy received the Prix Brentano for her work at a specific point in time.
Sulifou Faaloua is a member of the American Samoa national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Elvira Notari was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which existed during a specific period starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Hiregunjal is a village located in the Dharwad district of India.
The De Saisset Museum is an art museum located in San Jose, California, United States.
Paul Panhuysen worked in Eindhoven, where his employment started and ended at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Élie Kroupi is a member of the sports team FC Lorient, with a specified start and end time for his membership at the club.
Paincourtville is a census-designated place located in Louisiana, United States.
"Hot in the City" is produced by Keith Forsey and is positioned between "Mony Mony" and "White Wedding" in a sequence of songs.
Elon Lindenstrauss received the EMS Prize and the Fermat Prize, and his father is Joram Lindenstrauss.
The Topeka Senators (Collegiate) is a baseball team based in the United States that plays the sport of baseball.
Lilium GmbH, a company, was founded in 2015.
Thierno Youm is a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The GER Class R24 was operated by Great Eastern Railway, with its service starting and ending during the operational period of Great Eastern Railway.
Daniel Mullen is a member of the Para Hills Knights SC, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Paul Tonko was educated at Clarkson University, where he obtained an academic degree.
"Do Me Again" is a song performed by Freddie Jackson and was published in January 1991.
Sarah Robbins is a member of the Laval Comets sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
"Walk Thru" is a song in the hip-hop music genre.
Chandkati is a human settlement located in Pirojpur District, Bangladesh.
The Kaplan Teachers Union, a trade union in the United States, was established in 2012.
San Clemente Canyon is a canyon located in California, United States.
Song Han-bok is a member of the Jeonnam Dragons sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Andrei Agius is a member of the sports team FK Zemun, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
B.J. Habibie was the head of state of Indonesia, serving from a specific start time to an end time.
Xie Juezai was a citizen of the Qing dynasty, which spanned from its start time to its end time.
Kampong Rou District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province, Cambodia.
Janne Salli was a member of the Finland national football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
The palmaris brevis muscle is a muscle that belongs to the class of hypothenar muscles and is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition).
Pitmoaga is a village in the Kokologo Department of Burkina Faso.
Mahisadal Raj High School, established in 1874, is a high school located in India.
Yekaterina Marennikova participated in the handball events at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she received an award together with her teammates.
Mike Kirmse is a member of the sports team FSV Salmrohr, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Ducros Plantation is a house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Charity Shield in the National Rugby League (NRL) was inaugurated on January 1, 1982, in Australia and is competed in the sport of rugby league.
José Argoitia was a member of the Sestao Sport Club, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Neve is a British rock and pop band originating from the United Kingdom and is signed to Nebula Records.
Maksim Burchenko was a member of the FC Torpedo Moscow sports team, with his membership starting and ending at specified times.
The Book of Zhou, authored by Linghu Defen, is an instance of a book and is part of the Twenty-Four Histories.
Zedge is a software that was first published in 2003, although its inception occurred in 2009.
Rafael Schmitz is a human who represents Brazil in sports and is a member of the Lille OSC sports team.
Diego Benaglio was a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
The Rivière Témiscamie Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Quebec, Canada.
Andrei Polin was a member of the FC Sportakademklub Moscow sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Darko Bodul is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, where he started at a specific point in time.
Viktor Shkurat is a member of the sports team FC Rostov, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Airborne Athletics is a business headquartered in Minneapolis that produces sports equipment.
The 1867 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held in New Zealand in 1867.
Orono (CDP), Maine is a census-designated place located in Penobscot County, Maine, in the United States.
The List of Ramsar sites in Mexico is a Wikimedia list article that contains information about various Ramsar sites located in Mexico.
Orjaku is a village located in Hiiumaa Parish, Estonia.
North Rode Manor is a Grade II listed building and an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
Sergio Blanco is a member of the sports team Club Necaxa, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times with the club.
Benjamin Usher is a human with the given name Benjamin and is a member of the Durham Cricket Board.
Anton Matveyev is a member of the sports team PFC Dynamo Stavropol, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Tibbi Ranga is a village located in the Firozpur district of India.
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi was part of the Russian Empire during its existence, which began at the start time and ended at the end time of the empire's rule.
Rhys Thompson played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times within the league.
Pirri is a member of the Spain national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Lost Wandering Blues and Jazz Band is a jazz band from the United States, categorized as a rock and pop band instance.
Valerică Găman is a member of the sports team FCSB, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Nash-Reid-Hill House, located in the United States, is a house that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The European Polymer Journal is a scientific journal published by Elsevier, with its main subject being chemistry.
Yuliya Menshova's parents are Vladimir Menshov and Vera Alentova, and she is married to Igor Gordin.
Vasily Yefremov was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union at a specific point in time.
Varbola Stronghold is an archaeological monument and an instance of a hillfort located in Estonia.
Balting is a village development committee located in the Kavrepalanchok District of Nepal.
Rhithymna is an ancient city located in Greece.
Lars Martin Engedal was a member of the Norway national under-19 football team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf is a member of the Comoros national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Kolah Duz Mahalleh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Alex Hutchings is a member of the sports team ETC Crimmitschau, with specific start and end times for his membership with the team.
Terry Prindiville was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
The West Regional League, a sports league for rugby union, was inaugurated in 1973.
Corine van der Zijden is a human with the given name Corine and is a member of the Feminine Cycling Team.
Christopher Mann is a cricketer who was a member of the Durham County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Arnhold Rivas is a member of the sports team Cimarrones de Sonora, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Lawrence Batley Seniors is a golf tournament that began in 1992 and is played in the sport of golf.
Octavian Chihaia is a member of the sports team CS Otopeni, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Claudio Jara is a member of the sports team A.D. Carmelita, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Thomaston is an unincorporated community located in DeWitt County, Texas, in the United States.
Asurena is a village development committee located in the Rupandehi District of Nepal.
High Tor State Park is a New York state park located in the state of New York, United States.
The 1914 Saint John street railway strike was a strike action that took place in Canada in 1914.
Alberto Babo is a human with the given name Alberto, and he is a member of the sports team G.D. Interclube.
Djibo Department is a department in Burkina Faso, located within the Soum Province.
Ichiji Otani was a member of the Japan national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Dinei was a member of the Goiatuba Esporte Clube, where he started and ended his tenure with the team.
Sargis Hovsepyan is a member of the sports team Lori FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Hakim Saci is a member of the UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Bruno Bertucci was a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Tin Ping West is a council constituency of the North District in Hong Kong, China.
Ivan Dimitrov is a footballer who was a member of FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Dennis Schmidt is a footballer who was a member of the Wuppertaler SV, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Viktor Leonov was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union at a specific point in time.
Clinton Presba Anderson was educated at a primary school where the school served both as a location and had a significant role in his early education.
Palen Creek Correctional Centre was established in 1934 and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is adjacent to Kaohsiung Main Station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services traveling towards Kaohsiung Main Station.
Luis Alberto Bonnet is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Atlanta, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Aya Ulinich is a female human.
Irfan Ismail, a cricketer born in 1988, was a member of the Quetta Bears cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Wolfgang Dremmler was a member of the FC Bayern Munich sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Little Penny is an unincorporated community located in Mendocino County, California, in the United States.
Yalta is a city located in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. The specific time period during which it was part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is defined by its start and end times. However, for clarity and completeness, it would be helpful to know the exact start and end dates of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. Generally, it was established in 1939 and ceased to exist in 1991 when Ukraine gained independence.
Cayley / A.J. Flying Ranch Airport is an airport located in Alberta, Canada.
Luwingu District is a district in the Northern Province of Zambia, and it is an instance of the districts within the country of Zambia.
Vera Charles was educated at Cornell University, where she obtained an academic degree.\n\n(Note: The original triples contained some redundancy and unclear predicates such as "cornellUniversity [P] end time" and "cornellUniversity [P] academic degree." Assuming the intent was to convey information about Vera Charles's education at Cornell University, the description has been simplified accordingly.)
"The Shakespeare Wars" is a book written by Ron Rosenbaum and was published on January 1, 2006.
Dale DeGray played in the National Hockey League, with his career starting and ending at certain times in the league.
Williams v Bayley is a legal case that took place in the United Kingdom and was heard in the Judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Branco, a Brazilian footballer, played for the Brazil national football team, with a tenure that had both a start and an end time.
Paul Terry, the cartoonist, resides in New York City, where he started his residence.
Joar Vaadal is a member of the sports team Steinkjer FK, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Gautam Buddha University School of Biotechnology was established in 2009 and is part of a university located in India.
Timothy Scannell was a member of the Victoria cricket team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Marie Borroff was educated at Yale University, where she obtained an academic degree.\n\n(Note: The second and third triples appear to have been structured with "yaleUniversity" as the predicate, which seems unusual. For clarity and fluency, I've assumed these refer to additional information about her education at Yale University.)
The National Small Industries Corporation, a business entity, was established in 1955 and has its headquarters in Delhi.
The 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards, which took place on April 4, 2004, is an instance of a Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony and is part of the broader Hong Kong Film Award series.
Amachavadi is a village in Karnataka, India.
Koen Wesdorp is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team Helmond Sport.
Tom Morrison is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Plainfield Public School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Vaman Kumar is a human citizen of India and represents India in sports.
Romain Achilli is a member of the sports team SC Bastia, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
At the 1974 Spanish Grand Prix, Niki Lauda won the race, secured the pole position, and achieved the fastest lap.
Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima was a member of the Americano Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
The Petersfield School was initially established on January 1, 1958, and later re-founded on July 1, 2011, in Petersfield.
Eduard Ivakdalam is a member of the sports team Persipura Jayapura, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"Leave Me Alone with the Blues" is a country music song performed by Hank Williams.
Ervin Fakaj is a member of the sports team Eintracht Nordhorn, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Luis Robles was a member of the Colorado Rapids U-23 team, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
Hounslow Central tube station, a London Underground station, was officially opened in 1933 and is adjacent to Hounslow East tube station.
Attila Simon, a footballer born in 1983, was a member of the sports team Paksi FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
"The Stanley Dynamic" is a live-action animated sitcom produced in the English language.
Ousmane N'Doye was a member of the sports team Toulouse FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The Iveco LMV is an infantry mobility vehicle manufactured by Fiat Automobiles and is of Italian origin.
Yakiv Zalevskyi was born in Volgograd, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Mary Louise Rhodes was educated at the University of Missouri, where she obtained an academic degree.
Taiga Maekawa is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis.
Bob Oates was a member of the England national under-18 football team, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Steven Schiff was educated at the University of New Mexico School of Law, where he obtained an academic degree.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the Argentina national football team, serving from his start time until his end time on the team.
South Richmond High School is a high school located in New York State, United States.
Petru Racu is a member of the sports team FC Milsami Orhei, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Eshera is a human settlement located in the Sukhumi District of Georgia.
Sheridan County School District Number 3 is a school district located in Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States.
The Kerala Electrical and Allied Engineering Company was established in 1964 and is a public sector undertaking in Kerala, India.
Northern Lights Community School is a high school located in Minnesota, United States.
Bridgetown is a village located in Cornwall, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Konstantin Kulik was a member of the sports team FC Odessa, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Pioneer Mall is a shopping mall located in Singapore and is included in the list of places in Singapore.
The Myanmar Payment Union, a business established on September 1, 2011, has its headquarters in Yangon.
Siddavatam is a village in the Sidhout mandal administrative territorial entity of India.
Carel Van Falens worked in Paris, where he started and ended his work period.
The Brooklyn Skating Club is an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Radio Helderberg is a community-owned radio station based in South Africa.
The North Scott Community School District is a school district located in Scott County, Iowa, United States.
José Andrés Carranza is a citizen of Peru and was a member of the Peru national football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Subcity Radio is a radio station located in Glasgow City, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Andrea Gentile is a member of the sports team F.C. Canavese, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Lucknow West is an assembly constituency of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India, located in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
"Life Less Ordinary" is a TV series that originated from and is produced in Singapore, with the language of the series being Chinese.
Angiolino Gasparini was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Mazirbe is a village located in Kolka Parish, Latvia.
Matteo Mancosu is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Atletico Elmas, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Asraruddin Putra Omar is a member of the Selangor FA sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Kanhu Charan Mohanty received the Sahitya Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Damti station is adjacent to Yeonho station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services heading towards Yeonho station.
The 1993 Virginia House of Delegates election, which took place on November 2, 1993, is an election that occurred in the United States.
The Thomas A. Snellgrove Homestead, a building located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Brani Do is a human settlement located in the Trebinje Municipality of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Madger Gomes is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of Leeds United F.C.
Murarhalli is a village in Karnataka, India.
Charlton Hinman is a human who was educated at the University of Virginia and received a Rhodes Scholarship.
Adrian Falub is a member of the sports team FC Basel, with specific start and end times for his membership with the team.
"Harlekin" is a musical composition composed by Karlheinz Stockhausen and was published on January 1, 1975.
Möldri meri is a lake located in Estonia, with its watershed also situated within the country.
Karen Aleksanyan is a member of the sports team Ulisses FC, though the specific start and end times of her membership with the team are not provided.
Andrej Komac was a member of the Slovenia national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Jack Wright held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, serving from a start time to an end time.
Graeme Hugo was educated at the Australian National University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Kwame Boateng is a member of the sports team FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
Kankavli is a human settlement located in the Sindhudurg district of India.
Hasse Jeppson was a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sam Williams, a defensive back, was a member of the Los Angeles Chargers, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Wright Air Service, an airline based in the United States, was founded in 1967.
Aleksandr Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov was a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Simen Rafn is a member of the sports team Fredrikstad FK, with specific periods denoting his start and end times with the team.
Andriy Rusol was a member of the Ukraine national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
The Learning Curve International School is a school located in Karnataka, India.
HC Devils Milano, an ice hockey team, was founded in 1989 and plays the sport of ice hockey.
Fabio Carpi is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned, suggesting that details about when he acquired and potentially maintained his citizenship are noted. However, without concrete dates, the exact duration cannot be specified.
Daniela Alves Lima is a member of the sports team Linköpings FC, with a defined start and end time for her membership.
Sofiane Melliti is a member of the sports team Gaziantepspor, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Lester G. Telser was employed at the University of Chicago, where he also earned an academic degree.
Fife Public Schools is a school district located in Washington state, United States.
Cachorro López received the Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year at a specific point in time.
The F4 Japanese Championship, a sports festival held in Japan, began on January 1, 2015.
The 2017 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team was a sports season of the Humboldt State sports club, playing American football during that year.
Terry Greer is a human who was educated at Alabama State University and is a member of the San Francisco 49ers sports team.
The 1977 Australian Sports Sedan Championship was a season of sports competition held in Australia during 1977.
Simon Duggan won the AACTA Award for Best Cinematography for his work at a specific point in time.
David Mathers was a member of the Scotland national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Victorien Djedje is a member of the Ivory Coast national under-23 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Pino Daeni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which started at the beginning of the kingdom and ended with its conclusion.
Novellist, a male horse born on March 10, 2009, has Monsun as his father.
Sporcle is an English-language website that was founded in 2007.
Hubertus Quellinus worked in Rome, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times.
Maarten Tjallingii is a member of the cycling team Team Jumbo-Visma, with a specified start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Noah's Mill is a drink that originates from the United States and is manufactured by the Willett Distillery.
Theo Brokmann is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, with specific start and end times for his tenure at the club.
Ouka Leele is a human who speaks and writes in the Spanish language. She is also known by her full name, Johannes Leonardus van der Heijden.
Iván Malón is a member of the Real Murcia sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Ruel Brathwaite was a member of the British Universities cricket team, with a defined period starting and ending at specific times.
The Journal of Bridge Engineering is a scientific journal published in the English language by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Leonardo Ponzio was a member of the Argentina national football team, with his involvement spanning from a starting point to an ending point in time.
Diaoyutai Subdistrict is part of Lubei District in Tangshan, China, and it is one of the subdistricts in China.
Dmitry Mikhaylov is a member of the sports team FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Cathedral of the Nativity in Cairo is an Orthodox cathedral located in the Cairo Governorate of Egypt.
The Wildcat Hills are a landform located in Nebraska, United States.
McKee Creek is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada.
Kris Bryant, a third baseman who plays for a team in the United States, received the Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award.
Ridha El Louze is a member of the Tunisia national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Bezdan is a human settlement located in the Sombor District of Serbia.
Ralph Wright was a member of the Miami Toros football team, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Sonic Protest is a music festival that began in 2003 and is held in France.
Rocket Raccoon is a limited series in comics authored by Bill Mantlo and published by Marvel Comics.
Michel De Wolf was a member of the sports team K.A.A. Gent, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Opa Nguette is a member of the France national under-18 football team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Whitwell Common is a village located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
Beaumont Cranfield was a member of the Somerset County Cricket Club, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Leslie Fitzpatrick is a member of the Cincinnati Riverhawks, with a specified start time and end time for her membership on the team.
Andrew Lemoncello is a human who was educated at Florida State University.
The Champion-Providence Mine is a gold mine located in California, United States.
The White Foil Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, which is part of Australia.
Domenico Caso was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, where his tenure started and ended at specific times.
Silver Side Up received the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year and was declared the winner at a specific point in time.
Roman Voynarovskyi is a member of the sports team FC Desna Chernihiv, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Marion Wilson, an artist whose full name is Marion Wilson, was educated at the University of Cincinnati.
Arnaldo Bonfanti was a member of the sports team Calcio Lecco 1912, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Jake Lehmann is a member of the Adelaide Strikers, having joined and left the team at specific start and end times.
Chapel Brampton is a village located in England, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Paul Symon held the position of Director-General of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service, starting his term by replacing his predecessor.
St. Andrews is a census-designated place located in Richland County, South Carolina, in the United States.
Sahib Abbas is a member of the sports team Al-Talaba SC, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Robert Hurt, a politician, was educated at Hampden-Sydney College, where he obtained an academic degree.
Francisco Bahamondes is a member of the sports team Unión La Calera, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Alicia Lourteig received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
SunDog: Frozen Legacy, developed by FTL Games and designed by Bruce Webster, uses a joystick as its input method.
Wesam Malik is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team Naft Al-Junoob SC.
Morten Knudsen is a member of the sports team A.C. Prato, having joined through an acquisition transaction.
Green Day won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a specific point in time.
Sutter Union High School District is a school district located in California, United States.
Alexei Kalyuzhny was born in Minsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belarus, a country.
The Bishkhali River is a river in Bangladesh that flows into the Bay of Bengal.
Clint Irwin was a member of the Charlotte Eagles sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sascha Bigalke is a member of the sports team Hertha BSC II, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
"Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby)" was produced by Arif Mardin and released on Atco Records, following the song "Boom Bang-a-Bang."
Matt Millen was a member of the Oakland Raiders, with his tenure starting and ending at some point during his career with the team.
Marco Weißhaupt is a member of the sports team Sportfreunde Siegen, with specific start and end times for his membership.
"Lord Livingstone 7000 Kandi" is a film produced in India with Malayalam as its original language, and it was produced by Prem Menon.
Paul Wynnyk commanded the 3rd Canadian Division, with his command starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Sadiya is a human settlement located in the Tinsukia district of India.
Ugolnye Kopi is an urban-type settlement located in Russia, serving as one of its subdivisions.
The film "Seven Wonders of the World" was directed by both Paul Mantz and Tay Garnett, and it is a production from the United States.
Faradje is a human settlement located in the Faradje Territory within the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Barassie is a village located in South Ayrshire, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Adam Zampa is a member of the Sydney Thunder sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Motor City Mechanics is an ice hockey team based in the United States that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Gregory Claeys is a member of Academia Europaea and has been affiliated with the organization since its start time.
Scottish Television had its headquarters at the Theatre Royal in Glasgow, where it operated from a specific start time to an end time.
Gadabay District is located in Azerbaijan. It started under the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic and continued after the end of the Azerbaijani SSR.
Gianfranco Petris was a member of the U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
"Hey Nineteen," produced by Gary Katz and originating from the United States, follows the song "Josie" by Steely Dan.
Ashley Day is a member of the Durham Cricket Board, with a specified start time and end time for her membership.
Chunaw is a human settlement located in Myitkyina District, which is part of Myanmar.
Beverly Farms is a human settlement located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ain Tarik District is a district in the Relizane Province of Algeria, and it is an instance of the districts of Algeria.
Anatoli Tebloyev was a member of the sports team FC Oryol, with his membership starting and ending at certain times with the club.
Abbasqulular, Tovuz is a human settlement located in the Tovuz District of Azerbaijan.
The 1964 Redbridge London Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 1964.
Benik Hovhannisyan is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team FC Urartu.
"With a Song in My Heart" is a song composed by Richard Rodgers and was published in 1929.
The Clarkson Golden Knights women's ice hockey team is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Thad McIntosh Guyer, a human and member of the United States Army, received the Bronze Star Medal.
The NCCU International MBA program, which is part of a university, was established in 2001 and is located in Taipei.
Milecastle 16 is a human settlement located in Northumberland, United Kingdom.
The Republic of Lucca was a medieval commune that existed with a basic form of government typical of such entities, starting at a certain time and ending at another.
"The Taste of Tea" is a Japanese film that features Kenichi Matsuyama and Anna Tsuchiya in its cast.
Heinz Fromm, whose family name is Fromm, is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany and is an instance of a human.
Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin is a human who competes in badminton for Indonesia.
The Albatros L 79 is an aircraft model that belongs to the subclass of aerobatic aircraft and was manufactured by Albatros Flugzeugwerke.
Chandrayaan-2 had a significant event, which was its rocket launch. The launch occurred at a specific location and point in time.
A.J. Guyton was a member of the sports team Virtus Pallacanestro Bologna, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Lienchiang County Constituency is a Taiwan legislative election regional district located in Lienchiang County, Taiwan.
New Wells is an unincorporated community located in Missouri, United States.
Heracles General Cement is a business headquartered in Athens and is owned by LafargeHolcim.
Manderley Castle, located in the Republic of Ireland, is a castle that was built in 1840.
John Fulton Reid was a member of the Auckland cricket team, with his involvement spanning a specific period from a start time to an end time.
Richmond Centre is a provincial electoral district in Canada that was established in 1991.
Philippsbourg is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bezirk Lothringen, which had a specific start and end time for its jurisdiction.
Michal Macek was a member of the Czech Republic national under-17 football team during a specific period, which had a defined start and end time.
The 1964 Kesteven County Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 1964.
The Polish League Against Defamation, an organization, was founded on November 1, 2012, and its headquarters are located in Warsaw.
Big Bend Ranch State Park was established in 1988 and is operated by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. It is located in North America.
Boris Papazov was a member of the sports team PFC Akademik Sofia, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ricardo Vilar is a member of the sports team Treze Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Mamuka Lomidze is a human who plays as a defender for FC Rostov.
Pat Daley played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times within the league.
"Medicine: Prep Manual for Undergraduates" is a book published by Elsevier on January 1, 2015.
Maurice Jarre received the European Film Academy Achievement in World Cinema Award at a specific point in time.
John Jones is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
David Titterton, a human, is known by the given name David and is a member of the sports team Hereford United F.C.
Enzo Benedetti is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Piotr Jegor was a member of the Poland national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership.
Harper's Dictionary of Classical Antiquities is a written work authored by Harry Thurston Peck and originated from the United States.
Suehirocho Station in Tokyo was officially opened on January 1, 1930, and it is connected to the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line, with Ueno-hirokoji Station being an adjacent station.
The Wuhua County Olympic Sports Centre is located in Wuhua County, China, and it is used for association football.
Matteo Darmian was a member of the A.C. Milan sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
The 2006 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament is a baseball season event that took place in 2006.
Ibrahim Babatunde was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Talesh Sara is a village located in the Chehel Shahid Rural District in Iran.
Turopolje is a region in Croatia with its capital in Velika Gorica.
Perumpadappu is a village in the Malappuram district of India.
Sinclair Island Conservation Park is a conservation park located in South Australia, Australia.
Pierre Merkel is a member of the VfB Oldenburg sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Christie Memorial Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen, Canada.
Novo Selo is a village located in the Kyustendil Municipality of Kyustendil Province, Bulgaria.
Martin Jakubko is a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, with his membership starting and ending at specific times for the team.
The Zenith STOL CH 801 is an aircraft manufactured by Zenair and designed by Chris Heintz.
Alan Ackroyd, a human with the given name Alan, is a member of the Halifax R.L.F.C. sports team.
Der Stürmer, a publication in the German language originating from the Weimar Republic, was edited by Julius Streicher.
Justina Chen, whose given name is Justina, is a human who has received the Asian/Pacific American Award for Literature.
Steven Perry was a member of the Wilmington Hammerheads FC, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Rustam Abdullaev is a member of the sports team Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Mariusz Lewandowski was a member of the Poland national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Sara McLanahan was educated at the University of Texas at Austin, where she obtained an academic degree.
On Telecoms, a business that began operations in 2006, has its headquarters in Chalandri.
Lord Stirling Park is a county park located in New Jersey, United States.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed is a synagogue located in Florida, United States.
Lockeridge is a village located in Wiltshire, United Kingdom.
The film "Fastest" is an Italian production that features Ewan McGregor and Colin Edwards in its cast.
Jim Pearson is a human who plays sports for Scotland and is a member of the St Johnstone F.C. team.
The NZR W class was operated by the New Zealand Railways Department, which had a specific start and end time for its operation of this class.
Vitamina Sánchez is a member of the sports team K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen, with a specified start and end time for her membership.
Mohra Topian is a village located in the Rawalpindi District of Pakistan.
Tomu Sione is the current officeholder of the Governor-General of Tuvalu position. However, the specific start and end times of his tenure are not provided.
The Vodafone Challenge is a golf tournament held in Germany.
Antonio Bareiro was a member of the sports team Sportivo Trinidense, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Phularwan is a town located in the Sargodha District of Pakistan.
Shirdi is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Maharashtra, India.
Christopher Liptrot was a member of the England cricket team, with specific start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Mile Oak is a human settlement located in Brighton and Hove, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Taplow Choirs, a rock and pop band, was founded in the United Kingdom in 2004.
The TV series "Trauma Center" ended on December 8, 1983, and was composed in the English language with music by James Di Pasquale.
Stefan Deak is a member of the sports team FK Veternik, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mansur Kandi is a village located in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Villa Rocca Matilde is a villa located in Naples, Italy.
Ganesh Patro received the Nandi Award for Best Dialogue Writer at a specific point in time.
Ignacio González Barón was a member of the sports team Chacarita Juniors, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Shadipur in Bhagalpur is a village located in the state of Bihar, India.
Aksharanadam is a tabloid-format newspaper that was launched in 1995.
Capri, a horse born on January 1, 2014, whose father is Galileo, participates in horse racing.
Martin Gould won the 2013 Championship League, which followed the 2012 Championship League and was followed by the 2014 Championship League.
Rooftop Rendezvous is an English-language television series that originated in Australia.
Charles F. Erb was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, where he obtained an academic degree.
The Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts is a women's curling competition held in Canada.
Nika Basariya is a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, and her involvement with the team started at a specific point in time.
Alexandru Costin is a member of the sports team FC Dacia-2 Buiucani, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort located in Utah, United States.
The Sportsman's Association, an organization that was founded in 1996, has its headquarters in London.
Matt Costello is a member of the Austin Spurs, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure on the team.
Javier Oliva González is a member of the sports team CD Castellón, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Kim Min-je is a member of the sports team Ehime FC, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
The UCF Knights football team plays their home games at Camping World Stadium, where both the start and end times of the games are determined.
Frank Montgomery School is a school located in Sturry, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Harijs Fogelis is a member of the sports team RFK Riga, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mulopo Kudimbana was a member of the Belgium national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Sebastiano Baggio was born in Italy, and the specific period he spent in Italy had a start and end time. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Giuseppe Pugliese was a member of the sports team A.C. Monza, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Piao Cheng is a member of the China national under-20 football team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Jamal Murray was a member of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team, with his involvement starting at a certain time and ending at another time on the team.
Carcanet Press, a business headquartered in Manchester, was founded in 1969.
Jean Étienne Duby was born in Geneva, which is a city in Switzerland.
Marcos Danilo Padilha is a member of the Arapongas Esporte Clube, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
"Bajo un Mismo Rosto" is a Spanish-language TV series distributed by Televisa.
Forest Lake State Park is a New Hampshire state park located in New Hampshire, United States.
Bill Sutherland played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from when he started to when he ended in the league.
Paolino Taddei was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which was in existence during the period between its start and end times.
DYKP is a radio station that began operations in January 1992 and is owned by the Dream FM Network.
Ron Lord was a member of the sports team Sydney FC Prague, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Nikolay Zolotov was a member of the FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Mkombozi Commercial Bank, a business that began operations in 2009, has its headquarters in Dar es Salaam.
Ed Radwanski was a member of the United States men's national soccer team, with a specific membership period that had a defined start and end time.
Vladyslav Pavlenko is a member of the sports team FC Hoverla Uzhhorod, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Raaso is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Raaso, Ethiopia.
Paul Mehl is a citizen of Germany and was a member of the German national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Shurland David was born in Trinidad and Tobago and had a tenure with the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, which included both a start time and an end time.
The 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament was a basketball season that took place starting on January 1, 2011.
Manuel Fleitas Solich was a member of the Paraguay national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Aaron Pitchkolan was a member of the San Antonio Scorpions sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Cholderton and District Water Company, a business that was founded in 1904, has its headquarters located in Cholderton.
Shalawa Meadow is a protected area located in California, United States.
Mike Nykoluk played in the National Hockey League, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times in the league.
John Leguizamo won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance at a specific point in time.
George Yost Coffin is a human with the given name George, and he is different from George Albert Coffin.
Lamba is a human settlement located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and it is distinct from the Lamba language.
Yura Movsisyan is a member of the sports team Sporting Kansas City, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The 1992 Formula One World Championship was a season of the Formula One racing league that followed the previous season and was followed by the subsequent season.
Bare Knuckle Pickups, a business that began in 2003, has its headquarters in England.
The Middlewich Branch is a canal in the United Kingdom and is part of the Shropshire Union Canal.
Enis Alushi is a member of the sports team SV Wehen Wiesbaden, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Dame Diouf was a member of the sports team FC 08 Homburg, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
The Lakeside School District in Hot Springs, Arkansas is an instance of a school district located in the state of Arkansas, United States.
The Joint Council on International Children's Services, an organization headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, was founded in 1975.
The Icelandic Swimming Association, a sports governing body, was established in Iceland in 1951.
Zdeslav Vrdoljak, a human, participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics as a water polo player.
Ilya Trunin was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Marie Royce was educated at Georgetown University, where she earned an academic degree.
Alex Dias is a member of the sports team Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Aaron Hardy is a member of the sports team F.C. Halifax Town, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Saverio Muratori was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy throughout its existence, which began at its start time and ended at its end time.
St John's Chapel is a village located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
Nadeem Karim is a member of the sports team Duhok SC, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Raymond W. Gibbs Jr., whose given name is Raymond, was educated at the University of California and received the award of Fellow of the Cognitive Science Society.
Macclesfield Bank is a Chinese ocean bank located in the South China Sea.
The Science and Rationalists' Association of India was established in 1985 and is headquartered in Kolkata. It is an organization (instance of business) that promotes science and rationalism.
Ahmed Zewail received the Alexander von Humboldt Fellowship and the Priestley Medal, and he holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Axel Brage is a member of the Malmö Redhawks, where he started playing and his specialty or position on the team is noted.
Sindhora is a village located in the Bhopal district of India.
Luis Torres Rodríguez is a member of the sports team Halcones FC, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Water Engineers for the Americas is an organization headquartered in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Schalmont High School is a high school located in the state of New York, United States.
Cluden Racecourse, located in Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
"Tvoja tvár znie povedome" is a television show based on "Your Face Sounds Familiar," originating from Slovakia.
The Cherokee Turnpike terminates at Locust Grove, Oklahoma, and its direction relative to this location is not specified beyond stating it has a direction in relation to Locust Grove. However, for clarity, we can say: The Cherokee Turnpike ends at Locust Grove, Oklahoma.
Carlo Romano is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned without further details.
The Nigeria Mortgage Refinance Company, a public limited company, was established on 24 June 2013.
Emilio Sereni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy during its existence, which had a specific start and end time.
Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord located in Kerteminde Municipality, Denmark.
"Twelve Books That Changed the World," authored by Melvyn Bragg, was published on January 1, 2006.
Haim Revivo was a member of the Israel national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Aleksandr Salugin is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Pode Hole is a village in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Alex Horwath is a member of the Madison 56ers, with specified start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Phill Davies is a member of the sports team Section Paloise, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Khalid Boulahrouz was a member of the Netherlands national football team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Levan Khomeriki was a member of the sports team K.R.C. Mechelen, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Claiborne Parish School Board is a school district located in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, in the United States.
The 1990 Westminster City Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in 1990.
Manuel Neira is a member of the sports team Gaziantepspor, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Steven Deana was a member of the Switzerland national under-19 football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
The Pipistrel Alpha Trainer is a corporation based in Slovenia.
Patrick Farkas was a member of the Austria national under-21 football team, with a defined period of membership that had a start and an end time.
The Schifflange communal council, an instance of a communal council in Luxembourg, applies to the jurisdiction of Schifflange, which is located in Luxembourg.
Magpie Island is a river island located in or next to the River Thames in the United Kingdom.
Bristol Beach State Park is a New York state park located in Saugerties, New York, United States.
Ivan Petrovsky served as the rector of Moscow State University, starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Bernardo Fernandes da Silva was a member of the Brazil national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
"The Wind from the Sun" is an English-language edition published by Harcourt.
The 1995 PBA Commissioner's Cup is a basketball tournament that took place in the Philippines in 1995.
OldTown White Coffee, a business that started in 1999, has its headquarters in Ipoh.
Stefan Brasas is a member of the SpVgg Unterhaching sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Liam Plunkett was a member of the Sylhet Sixers cricket team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Anne Hope was baptized on November 1, 1850, and resided in both Harley Street and Kolkata.
Sop Bao District is a district in Houaphanh Province, Laos. It is one of the districts of Laos.
Gervais Batota is a member of the sports team AS Lyon-Duchère, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Doug Padgett is a human with the given name Doug and is a member of the England cricket team.
Cristina Pizarro is a member of the sports team CE Sant Gabriel, with her membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls is a hotel located in Ontario, Canada.
Pascal Braud is a member of the sports team Dijon FCO, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mikhail Chesnokov was a member of the sports team FC Fakel Voronezh, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The McAllen Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden located in Texas, United States.
The Pleiades supercomputer, manufactured by Silicon Graphics International, operates on the SGI ICE X and SGI Altix ICE 8200EX platforms.
Wes Knight is a member of the San Antonio Scorpions sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Daleszewo is a village in Poland located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Gryfino.
Marius Willsch is a member of the SpVgg Unterhaching sports team, with specified start and end times for his membership.
Othello station is adjacent to Columbia City station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards Columbia City station.
Juraj Piroska is a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Davide Succi is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Mark Coxon, whose given name is Mark, is a human and a member of the Wiltshire County Cricket Club.
Air1 is a broadcast network that began operations in 1986 and is based in the United States.
Monica S. Lam was educated at Carnegie Mellon University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Delta Park / Vanport station, which officially opened on May 1, 2004, is connected by the MAX Yellow Line and is adjacent to the Kenton / North Denver Avenue station.
Kazuyuki Morisaki is a member of the Sanfrecce Hiroshima sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Jocelyn Gourvennec was a member of the France national under-21 football team, with a tenure that had a defined start and end time.
Héctor Enrique was a member of the sports team Sagan Tosu, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Era Baru, a business that started in 1981, has its headquarters in Seremban.
Mamunta Mayosso Wildlife Sanctuary, a protected area in Sierra Leone, was established in 1981.
Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Süd, an association football sports league, was established in 1963.
Brattle Street in Boston is a thoroughfare located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ivychurch Priory, a monastery in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 17, 1101.
Paul Bairoch was employed at the University of Geneva, where he started and ended his tenure at unspecified times.
Chhampi is a village development committee located in the Lalitpur District of Nepal.
The Haitian Times, an English-language newspaper, was founded in 1999.
Juanma Acevedo is a member of the Hércules CF B team, with specified start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Mallepally is a suburb located in the Hyderabad district of India.
Ancoraimes Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia located within the Omasuyos Province.
The Verve, a psychedelic rock band formed in Wigan, includes Richard Ashcroft as a member.
Roy Sáenz was a member of the Costa Rica national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership on the team.
Shanon Carmelia is a member of the sports team Centro Social Deportivo Barber, with a specified start time and end time for her membership.
Eino Puri, a human, has been a member of both the Estonia national under-19 football team and FC Botoșani.
Daniele De Vezze is a member of the sports team ACF Fiorentina, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Kenny Mitchell is a footballer who was a member of the sports team Lapuan Virkiä, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Ahmed Salah Hosny is a member of the Ismaily SC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership at the club.
The GNR Class C1 (small boiler) was manufactured at the Doncaster Works, which had a start time and an end time for its production of this class.
Castillo de Teayo is a municipality in Mexico, located in the state of Veracruz.
Grupo Corripio, a business that was founded in 1917, has its headquarters in Santo Domingo.
August Schleicher received the Prix Volney at a specific point in time.
Melih Mahmutoğlu is a member of the Darüşşafaka Basketbol sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Gokatsura Pond Furusato Village, a zoo in Japan, was established on January 1, 1993.
Dharangaon is a human settlement located in the Jalgaon district of India.
The RMS City of Chester is a ship built by Caird & Company and it belongs to the United Kingdom.
Yeo Sung-hae is a member of Gyeongnam FC, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure with the team.
Damala Hagare is a district and human settlement located in Somalia.
Fleet Hargate is a village located in South Holland, Lincolnshire, in the United Kingdom.
Vittoria Cocito is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of her citizenship in Italy are mentioned, indicating periods related to her citizenship status. However, without exact dates, the precise timeframe cannot be detailed further.
The World Scrabble Championship in 2011 was a season of competitive Scrabble held in Poland.
Neto, a footballer, was a member of Paulista Futebol Clube, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
VEGAS.com, a business that began in 1998, has its headquarters located in Henderson, Nevada.
The James Mitchell School is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Arkansas, United States.
Dalchoki is a village development committee located in the Lalitpur District of Nepal.
The Raubold House is a house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Milton Ulladulla Times, an Australian newspaper, was established on January 1, 1878.
Hemlock Overlook Regional Park is a regional park located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Hot Air is a blog that was launched on January 1, 2006, and is owned by Salem Media Group.
Murray Goodwin was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
The 1952 Bulgarian Cup Final was an association football match held in Bulgaria in 1952.
The Concordia Choir, which originated in the United States, was founded as a choir on January 1, 1920.
Queen Village is a neighborhood located in Philadelphia, United States.
The New England Riptide is a baseball team based in the United States that plays the sport of baseball.
Hirendranath Mukherjee received the Padma Vibhushan award for his contributions in a specific field of work at a particular point in time.
John Dawkins held the position of Minister for Trade, Tourism, and Investment, serving from a specified start time to a specified end time.
Sargis Hovsepyan was born in Yerevan, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Armenia, a country.
Matthias Minder is a member of the sports team Neuchâtel Xamax FCS, where he started at a specific point in time.
Giuseppe Favalli was a member of the Italy national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership with the team.
Tamatoa Wagemann is a member of the Tahiti national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Fork River, Manitoba is an unincorporated area located in the province of Manitoba, Canada.
The Ravinia Festival is a music festival located in Illinois, United States.
Vladislav Uzunov is a member of the sports team FC Dimitrovgrad, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Aurel Guga was a member of the CSM Lugoj sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
"First Time Caller" is a song produced by Richard Landis. It follows "What Can I Do with My Heart" and is followed by "Tell Me True."
Luis Fernando Fuentes is a member of the sports team Club Universidad Nacional. He joined the club at a certain start time.
The Kalabhra dynasty, which had its capital in Puhar and Nagapattinam, succeeded the Chera dynasty and was later replaced by the Pallava dynasty.
Valeriy Palamarchuk is a member of the sports team MFC Mykolaiv, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Austria participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1985, representing the country in that specific year.
KZDY is a radio station located in Cawker City, Kansas, in the United States.
Wil Wheaton performs as Ted Kord, taking on the role of this character.
The College of Engineering Roorkee, an engineering school in India, was established in 1998.
Cloudy Bay Vineyards, a winery in New Zealand, was established in 1985.
Makoto Segawa is a member of the sports team Fukushima FC, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
The Pennsylvania Railroad class E3c was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad, with its service starting and ending during specific times defined by the railroad.
Continental Air Services, Inc., which was founded in January 1950, is an airline based in the United States.
Golden Triangle is a census-designated place located in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
The Rosenhang Museum is a museum that was established on January 1, 2017, in Germany.
ElfiA is a festival that began in 2001 and is held in the Netherlands.
Dmitri Bayda is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Barnaul, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Frank Seator was a member of the Liberia national football team, joining at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Birkenhead Grange Lane railway station is a train station located in Birkenhead, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Dimension Films is owned by The Walt Disney Company, with the ownership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Luisa Via Roma was founded in Florence and its headquarters is also located in Florence.
Billy Celeski was a member of the Australia national soccer team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Child, Youth and Family, a government agency in New Zealand, was established on January 1, 1999, under the parent organization, the Ministry of Social Development.
The State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan, a business entity, was established on December 29, 1999, and its headquarters are located in Baku.
Tic Tac is a Swedish film that features Michael Nyqvist and Tintin Anderzon in its cast.
"Moon of the Wolf" is a film produced by Edward S. Feldman and edited by Richard Halsey, with the United States as its country of origin.
Khalkanlu is a village located in the Razavi Khorasan Province of Iran.
Lars Toborg is a member of the sports team FC Bremerhaven, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Ariadna Shengelaya is a human who was awarded the title of People's Artist of the Georgian SSR and is married to Eldar Shengelaia.
Edith Clarke was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she obtained an academic degree.
DrQueue is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License and is used for animation.
In the 1970 Formula One season, Jochen Rindt emerged as the driver champion, representing Team Lotus, in the Formula One league.
Rony Flores is a member of the sports team Sud América, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Dawid Plizga is a member of the sports team GKS Katowice, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Zakari Lambo is a member of the sports team VfR Mannheim, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
David Grimaldi played soccer for the Cleveland Cobras, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Zhang Shichang is a member of the China national under-23 football team, having joined and left the team at specific start and end times.
Carlos Garrido was a member of the sports team Club Universidad de Chile, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Casiano Delvalle is a member of the Shonan Bellmare sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Henrik Larsson was a member of the Sweden national football team, with his involvement spanning from a starting point to an ending point during his tenure.
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov was born in Koshki, which is located in the Samara Oblast administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Luigi Rizzi was a member of the A.C. Legnano sports team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Kyle Segebart was a member of the Cincinnati Kings, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time on the team.
Tim Gutberlet is a member of the sports team FC Bayern Munich II, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Mistake Bay is a bay located in Nunavut, which is an administrative territorial entity in Canada.
ASTM F883 is an ASTM standard published by ASTM International, and it is written in the English language.
Pavel Kirylchyk is a member of the sports team FC Karpaty Lviv, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Caramba is a Swedish pop music band that falls under the broader category of rock and pop bands.
Scarlett Johansson received the Theatre World Award for her work at a specific point in time.
The Dăncilă Cabinet, an instance of a Cabinet of Romania, was inaugurated on 29 January 2018 in Romania.
The 2018 Parry Sound District municipal elections, which took place in Canada, were a municipal election held in 2018.
The Department of Water and Sanitation, an instance of the Ministry of Water Resources, was established on January 1, 1912, in South Africa.
KZWV is a radio station located in Eldon, Missouri, in the United States.
KSJI is a radio station located in St. Joseph, Missouri, in the United States.
Furius ISO Mount is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License, designed for use on the Linux operating system.
Phadia, a business that was founded in 1971, has its headquarters in Uppsala.
Avi Tikva is a member of the Israel national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Hugo Rodrigues Imbelloni is a member of the sports team Ituano FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Kau Kee Restaurant is a restaurant located in Hong Kong, China.
The Barkhamsted Center Historic District is a historic district located in Barkhamsted, Connecticut, United States.
Moggy Hollow Natural Area is a protected area located in New Jersey, United States.
The Bronx County Hall of Justice is a courthouse located in New York State, United States.
Adam Fogt is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the Denmark national football team.
The Nakuru County Council is a government entity located in Nakuru, which is an administrative territorial entity in Kenya.
The South Cuyama Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
Uco District is an administrative district in the Huari Province of Peru.
Tadej Valjavec is a member of the UAE Team Emirates, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Downtown St. Catharines is a central business district located in Ontario, Canada.
Cliff Marshall was a member of the Miami Toros sports team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time on the team.
The LSWR 46 class was operated by the London and South Western Railway. This operation started and ended during the period when the railway was in service.
Uttoxeter Rural is a civil parish located in East Staffordshire, United Kingdom.
Yuji Sakakura is a member of the Nagoya Grampus sports team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Stanislav Buchnev is a member of the sports team FC Angusht Nazran, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Granite School District is a school district located in Utah, United States.
Sattley, California is a census-designated place located in Sierra County, California, United States.
Poprad Landscape Park is a protected landscape/seascape in Poland, categorized under IUCN category V, and it is part of the List of Landscape Parks of Poland.
Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is a school district located in Gary, Indiana, United States.
The Lower Rhine Cup, which is an association football sports festival, was inaugurated in 1980.
Reinhard Roder was a member of the sports team 1. FC Köln, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
The ICGA Journal, which began in January 1977, is a periodical publication written in the English language.
Felipe Rodríguez is a member of the Colorado Rapids soccer team, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
The Westfield News is a newspaper published in Westfield, Massachusetts, with its country of origin being the United States.
Sergiu Homei is a member of the sports team FC Academica Clinceni, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
At the 2011 Turkish Grand Prix, Sebastian Vettel secured both the pole position and the win, while Mark Webber achieved the fastest lap.
Nishi-Agano Station is adjacent to Agano Station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Agano Station.
Erald Turdiu is a member of the sports team KF Tirana, though the specific start and end times of his membership with KF Tirana are not provided.
Dzmitry Turlin is a member of the sports team FC Gorodeya, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Giacomo Bindi is a member of the sports team Inter Milan, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné is a member of the sports team Hertha BSC II, with specific start and end times for his membership.
Shyam Benegal won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English for his work at a specific point in time.
The British Rail Class 33 was manufactured by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, which handled the production from its start time to its end time.
It appears there might be some confusion in the provided triples, as the Houston Rockets are not associated with the Pechanga Arena, which is typically the home venue for other teams like the San Antonio Spurs. However, based on the given information, a possible interpretation could be:\n\nThe Houston Rockets had a game at the Pechanga Arena, with the start and end times specified for that particular event at the arena.
Wuxtry Records is a record shop that was founded on March 1, 1976, and is located in Athens, Georgia.
Akash Lal is a human citizen of India who is a member of the Patiala cricket team.
Datunlu East station is adjacent to Anlilu station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services traveling towards Anlilu.
"Rocky Road to Dublin" is an English-language film directed by Raoul Coutard, with its narrative set in Dublin.
Colin McFadyean was a member of the England national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Oleksandr Golovash is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team, with his membership starting and ending at specified times.
Frederic M. Wheelock worked at Haverford College, with a specified start and end time for his employment there.
Jyri Häkämies holds a Master's degree, which he obtained at a specific point in time.
Nina Paw won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress for her work at a specific point in time.
The Pointer Sisters received the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Band/Duo/Group at a specific point in time.
Manuel Torres Pastor was a member of the Real Madrid CF sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specified times.
The Alice Okolo Bridge, a bridge located in Nigeria, was inaugurated on September 1, 2015.
Betsy Hassett is a member of the sports team SC Sand, with her membership spanning from a start time to an end time on the team.
Marko Lepik was a member of the Estonia national football team, with a defined period of involvement that had both a start time and an end time.
Alain Lorieux is a member of the sports team FC Grenoble, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Nels Stewart received the Hart Memorial Trophy at a point in time.
Nutt Bluff is a cliff located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Red Stick International Animation Festival, which is a film festival, began in 2005 and is held in the United States.
Fabio Nigro is a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
James Thorpe was a member of the Sussex County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Josh Wagenaar is a member of the Canada men's national soccer team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Kana Ichikawa, who is from Japan, participated in the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships and was educated at Chukyo University.
Baja Broadband, a business headquartered in Alamogordo, New Mexico, follows the practices of US Cable.
Lindenbergh Francisco da Silva is a member of the Vila Nova Futebol Clube, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Scott D. Malkin, whose first name is Scott, is the son of Peter L. Malkin and was educated at Harvard Business School.
Alexandros Pagalis is a member of the sports team Ethnikos Achaia FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Ariel Santana is a member of the sports team Deportivo Saprissa, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
David Steinman is a human who was educated at Columbia University.
Rudy Jansen is a member of the sports team SV Spakenburg, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
William McLeod was a member of the Scotland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Sergei Bragin is a member of the sports team JK Tallinna Sadam, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Guillermo Burdisso was a member of the sports team Club El Porvenir, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Huang Bo received the Asian Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work, and this achievement is the subject of recognition.
"The Lost Get Found" is an English-language song from the United States, and it is followed by "Walk on the Water" in Brett Nicole's discography.
André De Nul was a member of the Belgium national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
Peter Bradley is a cricketer who was a member of the Minor Counties of English and Welsh cricket, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Amancio Amaro won the Pichichi Trophy at a specific point in time.\n\n(Note: The repeated triple for "point in time" is included to indicate that there is a specific time associated with Amancio Amaro's win, but it does not need to be stated twice in the sentence for clarity.)
The 1996 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament that took place in 1996 and involves the sport of baseball.
Heath Pearce was a member of the sports team F.C. Hansa Rostock, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Frank Arnesen was a member of the sports team Fremad Amager, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Sergio Campano Franco is a member of the Sporting Villanueva Promesas sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The Ministry of Communication Equipment Industry in the Soviet Union was established in 1946 and was dissolved in 1989.
Cezary Kucharski is a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Konzertmusik for Brass and String Orchestra is a musical composition composed by Paul Hindemith and was published on January 1, 1930.
Gino Coutinho is a member of the sports team ADO Den Haag, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Kevin Spacey won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
Joel Huiqui represents Mexico in sports and was a member of the Mexico national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
"Journey to Space" is a film from the United States that was published on February 13, 2015.
Michael Paulsen was a member of the sports team SK Brann, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Kevin Stevens, who was educated at Boston College, played for the Philadelphia Flyers and represents the United States in sport.
Danny Wintjens is a member of the sports team FC Twente, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Scott Hookey is a member of the Tasmania cricket team, with a defined period of membership that includes both a start time and an end time.
SynfiniWay is a software developed by Fujitsu that operates on the Microsoft Windows operating system.
The Charleston Battery plays in the United Soccer League, with specific participation starting at a certain time and ending at another time in the league.
Angel Chervenkov was a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Sofia, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Gino DiFlorio was a member of the Canada men's national football team, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Waka Nathan was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Shahid Afridi was a member of the Sindh cricket team, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ricky Pinheiro is a member of the sports team SV Elversberg, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Matthias Withoos worked in Hoorn, where he started and ended his tenure at some point in time. Note: The specific start and end times for his work in Hoorn are not provided in the given triples.
Clem Wilson was a member of the England cricket team, with specific start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Juan Bautista Agüero was a member of the Paraguay national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Asahikawa Station is adjacent to Kaguraoka Station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Kaguraoka.
The Sacramento Stealth is a baseball team based in the United States.
Mário Moinhos was a member of the Portugal national football team, with a defined period during which he started and ended his membership.
"Poor Richard's Almanack" is a television series originally produced in the English language.
Francisco Alcaraz is a footballer who was a member of Club Nacional and participated in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
The International Journal of Operations & Production Management is a scientific journal published in the English language by Emerald Group Publishing.
Sid Page is a human who is a jazz musician and plays the violin.
José Antonio Reyes was a member of the sports team Extremadura UD, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Arthur William Yager, also known as Arthur Yager, is a human and a member of the Australian Labor Party.
Toshitaka Kimura is a member of the Japan national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Timo Nagy is a member of the sports team SV Wacker Burghausen II, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Marco Antonio Rojas was a member of the sports team A.D. Limonense, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Anastasia Anastasio is a human with the given name Anastasia and the family name Anastasio.
Kyle Cumiskey played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time in the league.
Francisco Silva, a Portuguese footballer, was a member of the Portugal national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Ali El-Omari is a member of the sports team Apollon Kalamarias, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Hallunda metro station is adjacent to Norsborg metro station and is connected to it via a connecting line in a specific direction.
Mike Michaud attended Schenck High School, which was his educational institution until he completed his studies there.
Leonardo Cilaurren is a member of the Arenas Club de Getxo sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Theofilos Kouroupis is a member of the sports team P.A.S. Korinthos, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Cho Hyun is a member of the Suwon Samsung Bluewings, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Milan Pecelj is a member of the sports team NK Brotnjo, although the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The Samsung Lions, whose home venue is Daegu Samsung Lions Park, are owned by Samsung and have Kim Han-soo as their head coach.
Kim Dae-jung was the head of state of South Korea during his tenure, which had a specific start and end time.
Mikel Pagola is a member of the sports team CD Badajoz, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Oliver Barth is a member of the sports team SC Freiburg, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Jack Hartshorne, a human, has been a member of both Macclesfield Town F.C. and Grantham Town F.C. sports teams.
Erick Torres Padilla is a member of the Houston Dynamo, where he started his tenure with the team.
The 1958 North Carolina Tar Heels football team was a sports season of the university's American football club that took place in 1958.
Ken Catchpole was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Francis Popham (1573--1644) was a member of both the 1626 Parliament and the 1628-29 Parliament, and he had a son named Alexander Popham.
Irvin Reyna was a member of the Honduras national under-20 football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
UD Granadilla Tenerife is a Spanish association football club that plays the sport of association football.
Bradley Cantrell, whose full name is Bradley Cantrell, was educated at the University of Kentucky.
Joseph Darst served as the head of government in St. Louis during a specific period, with a defined start and end time.
The Raggy Dolls, an English-language series distributed by ITV Studios, ended on December 20, 1994.
"Wizards' Worlds" is an edition published in English by Tor Books.
Manuel Vicentini is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Sarmiento, having joined through an acquisition transaction.
Korabi Stadium is a stadium located in Albania and is owned by KF Korabi Peshkopi.
The Montreux Ladies Open is a tennis tournament held in Switzerland.
Dmitri Shestakov was a member of the sports team FC Sportakademklub Moscow, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Zhengzhou South railway station is adjacent to and connected to the Xinzheng Airport railway station via a connecting line, providing access towards the airport.
Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers was a business that began in 1977 and was dissolved in 2012.
Northern Railway Stadium is a cricket field located in India that was officially opened in 1976.
Arijan Ademi was a member of the sports team GNK Dinamo Zagreb, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Dudu Georgescu was a member of the sports team AS Progresul București, with his membership starting and ending at specific times.
The Intel X58 is a chipset manufactured by Intel and it is distinct from Tylersburg, Pennsylvania.
Ricardo Sanabria, whose given name is Ricardo, was a member of the Paraguay Olympic football team and participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The San Pedro Mezquital River is a river in Mexico that flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The SIGCOMM Award, which is an award, was first conferred in 1989 by SIGCOMM.
Enrique Vera is a member of the sports team C.D. Olmedo, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
"Babai" is a film produced in France with Nicole Gerhards as the producer, and its original language is Albanian.
John Rafferty, a Canadian politician, ran as a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election for an electoral district within a parliamentary group.
The EMD TR1 was operated by the Illinois Central Railroad, with its service starting and ending at specific times for the railroad.
Scouting and Guiding in Latvia is a subclass of both Girl Guides and Scouting, and it falls under the main category of Scouting and Guiding in Latvia.
Gualtiero Driussi is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are not provided.
Earl Jaques Jr. held the position of legislator, starting his role as a legislator at a certain time. However, the specific start time and the entity he was a legislator of are not fully specified in the provided information.
"Goopy Bagha Phire Elo" is a film originally in the Bengali language from India, and it follows the movie "Hirak Rajar Deshe."
Matt Burke is a member of the New South Wales Waratahs sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Edward C. Noonan, whose first name is Edward, was educated at American River College and is a member of the American Independent Party.
Henry of Huntingdon, who wrote in Latin, is notable for his work "Historia Anglorum."
Charles Holden worked for the Underground Electric Railways Company of London, with a specified start and end time for his employment there.
Melissa Barbieri is a member of the Richmond SC sports team, with a specified start time and end time for her tenure there.
Harbor Freeway station, which officially opened on August 12, 1995, is connected by the Green Line of the Los Angeles Metro and is adjacent to the Vermont/Athens station.
Samir Aliyev is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Jan Gratama worked in Delft at a specific point in time.
Anatoliy Burlin was a member of the FC Sevastopol sports team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Spiros Livathinos is a member of the sports team Pezoporikos Larnaca FC, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Sebastian Mannström is a member of the Finland national football team. He joined the team at a specific start time, although the exact start time is mentioned twice without a specific date provided.
Chan Chi Hong is a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC, with a specified start time and end time for his membership with the team.
Otto Graf Lambsdorff, a member of the prominent Lambsdorff family, has received prestigious awards including the Officer of the Legion of Honour and the Order of the Rising Sun.
The 1909 film "Taras Bulba" features the character Taras Bulba and is based on the work by Nikolai Gogol.
Ilya Maksimov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Claire Préaux was employed at the Université libre de Bruxelles, where she completed her academic degree.
Federico Rizzi is a member of the sports team A.S. Pizzighettone, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Deepak Chahar is a member of the Rajasthan Royals sports team, with his membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Ezequiel Maggiolo is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Los Andes, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Matteo Tomei is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Union Quinto, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
John Gordon A'Bear was a member of the British and Irish Lions rugby team, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The GNR Class J23 was manufactured at the Doncaster Works, with production starting and ending at specified times there.
Igor Surovikin is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Alexandru Vagner was a member of the sports team CS Concordia Chiajna, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Anatoliy Yurevich is the coach of FC Ordabasy, but the specific start and end times of his coaching tenure are not provided.
"Birdie," a novel written by Tracey Lindberg, was published in 2015.
David Campbell is a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Robert Ogilvie was a member of the England national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start and an end time.
Luigi Radice was a member of the Italy national football team, with his involvement spanning from a starting point to an ending point in time.
The Thirumoorthy hills are located in Tamil Nadu, which is an administrative territorial entity in India, a country in Asia.
Franz Hofer played for the German national football team, joining at a start time and leaving at an end time.
Arturo Velazco was a member of the Wichita Wings sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sabir Khamzin was a member of the sports team FC FShM Torpedo Moscow, with his membership starting and ending at unspecified times.
"The Spread of the Eagle" is a television series directed by Peter Dews and originates from the United Kingdom.
Francesco Zucchetti competed for Italy during a specified period with a defined start and end time.
Allen J. Bard received the Priestley Medal at a specific point in time.
Javier Farinós is a member of the sports team Inter Milan, with a specified start and end time for his tenure there.
Markus Henriksen is a member of the sports team Rosenborg BK, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Karl Zsigmondy was born in Vienna, which is in Austria.
Joe Gyau is a member of the sports team Borussia Dortmund. He started with both Borussia Dortmund and their second team, Borussia Dortmund II.
Finglas is a human settlement located in the Republic of Ireland and it shares a border with Dublin Airport.
Mathare Youth F.C. is an association football club that plays association football and calls Ruaraka Stadium their home venue.
Julius Wobay is a member of the sports team Khazar Lankaran FK, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Manuel Benthin is a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The International Catholic Conference of Scouting, an association founded by Mario di Carpegna, was established in 1948.
Tomken station, operated by MiWay, is connected to the Mississauga Transitway and is adjacent to Dixie station.
Mike Gansey was a member of the West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
José Luis Oltra was a member of the sports team Levante UD, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mikhail Komkov is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Gustavo Villarruel is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Colón, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
Sid Ramin received a Daytime Emmy Award for his work at a specific point in time.
The Hill Fire is a wildfire that occurred in San Luis Obispo County, California, in the United States.
Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy is a member of the sports team PFC Navbahor Namangan, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Dominic Cervi was a member of the United States men's national under-23 soccer team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
James W. Coleman worked for Georgetown College, with a specific start and end time during his employment there.
The GWR River Class was operated by Great Western Railway, with its service starting and ending during specific times defined by the railway.
The River Duag is a river in the Republic of Ireland, and it flows into the River Suir.
Krum Milev was a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Andray Baptiste was a member of the Grenada national football team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Orjan Xhemalaj is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team FC Kamza.
The Louisiana State Capitol was designed by architect Leon C. Weiss in the Art Deco style and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pablo Lavandeira was born in Montevideo and had a tenure with Montevideo Wanderers F.C., which had both a start and an end time.
Minabo Asechemie was a member of the Nigeria national football team, with a defined period of involvement that started and ended at specific times.
Alberto Zapater is a member of the sports team Sporting CP, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Aleksandr Storozhuk is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Kyushu Soccer League, which was established in 1973, is a league for association football in Japan.
Anita Baker won the Soul Train Music Award for Best Song of the Year for her work at a specific point in time.
Myron Waldman is a docent who works as a docent at a specific employer during a particular point in time.
Kantemir Berkhamov is a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv Kaluga, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Jason Campbell was a member of the Oakland Raiders, with his tenure starting and ending at some specified times for the team.
The British Museum Act 1832, an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom, was published on January 1, 1832, and is now in the public domain.
"Orkus Presents the Best of 2000" is a compilation album of electronic music that was published in the year 2000.
José Araquistáin was a member of the Real Sociedad sports team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Gustavo Pinedo is a member of the sports team Club Blooming, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure at the club.
Andy Gruenebaum is a human who plays sports for the United States and is a member of the Des Moines Menace sports team.
Dmitry Lyapkin is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Alfred Aston was a member of the Angers SCO sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Gerhard Siedl was a member of the sports team FC Basel, with his tenure starting and ending at some specified times with the club.
Frederiksstaden is located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, and its main category is listed under Category:Frederiksstaden.
Mardyke is an association football club based in the Republic of Ireland that plays the sport of association football.
Vittorio Mancini received the Crawford Medal at a specific point in time, alongside another recipient.
John Dinkota is a member of the Montreal Impact Academy, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Ivan Konovalov was a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Sairaj Bahutule was a member of the India national cricket team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Oleh Koshelyuk is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro Cherkasy, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Alberto Piccinini was a member of the sports team A.S. Roma, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ryoichi Maeda was a member of the Japan national under-23 football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Tom Hall, a cricketer born in 1930, was a member of the Somerset County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Maude Clarke held the position of vice-principal, starting at a specified time and was vice-principal of a particular institution.
Bluefish is a software application that uses the GTK GUI toolkit and operates on Microsoft Windows. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Jan van Schijndel was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times.
Daniel Correa Freitas is a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Alyaksandr Kulchy is a member of the sports team FC Irtysh Pavlodar, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Mauricio Salles is a member of the Rochester Rhinos sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Amanda Butler works for the Charlotte 49ers and holds a position there.
Annabel Digance was a candidate in the 2010 Australian federal election, representing an electoral district.
David Ariel Mendieta is a member of the sports team Club Sportivo San Lorenzo, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Carlo Alberto D'Albertis was an Italian citizen, but the provided information about a start and end time related to Italy seems incomplete and could use more details for clarity. If we assume it refers to his citizenship timeline, we can say: Carlo Alberto D'Albertis was an Italian citizen throughout a specific period, starting at a certain time and ending at another. However, the exact start and end times are not specified in the given data.
Bechara Oliveira is a member of the sports team Aalesunds FK, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Lutong Airport, located in Malaysia, serves the city of Miri, Malaysia, and is an airport.
Omonigho Temile was a member of the Nigeria national under-17 football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Useless Keys is an alternative rock band from the United States.
The Five Boro Bike Tour, a road bicycle racing event, began in 1977 and takes place in the United States.
The 1978 European Tour was a golf season that took place in 1978.
Alejandro Lago was a member of the Uruguay national under-17 football team, with a defined period of membership that started and ended at specific times.
Joan Tower received the Grawemeyer Award for music composition at a specific point in time.
Luke O'Dea is a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Valetudo, a moon discovered in 2016 by Scott S. Sheppard, is named after Valetudo.
Poul Erik Andreasen was a member of the sports team Aalborg Boldspilklub, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Paulo Vitor is a member of the Brasília Futebol Clube, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Ricardo Alonso is a member of the Jacksonville Generals, with specified start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Romain Martial is a member of the sports team RC Narbonne, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Corona Borealis Supercluster is a supercluster named after and associated with the constellation Corona Borealis.
Flying Nun Records is part of the Mushroom Group, which acquired it at a specific start time and later had an end time for its association with the label.
Arnal Llibert is a member of the sports team Elche CF, though the specific start and end times of his membership with Elche CF are not provided.
G. Rollie White Downs is a horse racing venue located in the United States where the sport of horse racing takes place.
Brian Haynes is a footballer who was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The 1958 Claxton Shield was a season in baseball that took place in 1958.
Tony Cascio was a member of the Orlando City SC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Robert von Haug worked in Stuttgart, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
Artyom Yenin is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Adonis Hilario is a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Andreas Hilfiker is a human who plays in the Bundesliga and is a member of the sports team FC Luzern.
Vurlon Mills was a member of the Fruta Conquerors FC, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Xhevdet Muriqi is a member of the sports team HNK Rijeka, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Junction is a single-player video game developed and published by Micronet co., Ltd.
Howard Nicholls is a human who was educated at Hereford Cathedral School and is a member of the Cardiff RFC sports team.
Leonidas Kampantais was a member of the Arminia Bielefeld sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times with the team.
Espen Olsen is a member of the sports team Hamarkameratene, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Gadi Eizenkot commanded the Northern Command of Israel from a specific start time to an end time.
Sofia Jakobsson is a member of the Montpellier HSC women's sports team, and she started with the team at a specific start time.
Markus Lanz's partner is Birgit Schrowange, though the exact start and end times of their relationship are mentioned but not specified in the provided information.
Samantha Nutt is a human who was educated at McMaster University and is married to Eric Hoskins.
Eloy Matos is a member of the Puerto Rico national football team, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Troup County, Georgia has its capital in LaGrange, Georgia, which is also a city contained within the county. Additionally, Troup County shares a border with Randolph County, Alabama.
Kevin Boroevich was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Lucas Melano was a member of the sports team Club Atlético Belgrano, where he started and ended his tenure with the club.
Scott Waldrom is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, having joined and left the team at specific start and end times.
Erik de Haan is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, with a specified start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Diego Rangel was a member of the Real Madrid Castilla sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at some point in time as part of the team.
The Fernmeldeturm Mannheim, designed by architect Erwin Heinle and constructed using reinforced concrete, includes a restaurant.
Evandro Adauto da Silva is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense, although the specific start and end times of his membership with the club are not provided.
"Lumière and Company" is a film that originated from Sweden and was directed by both Régis Wargnier and Helma Sanders-Brahms.
Mike Johanns was educated at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, where he obtained an academic degree.
Xan vodka, which is a drink, was introduced in 2006 and is manufactured by Vinagro.
Ernie George was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
The 1963 Mediterranean Grand Prix, a sporting event held on August 18, 1963, was won by John Surtees.
Nagoda is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka, and it is distinct from any other place also named Nagoda.
"The Tale of Tiffany Lust" is a film from the United States, originally in the English language, distributed by VCA Pictures.
Dmitri Prokopenko was a member of the sports team FC Torpedo Moscow, with his membership spanning from a start time to an end time.
Zhao Zhenkui is a male diplomat, who is an instance of a human.
"Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye" is a Hindi film produced by D.V.S. Raju and originates from India.
The KTM 1290 Super Adventure is a motorcycle model manufactured by KTM and is a subclass of their Adventure series.
Sandrine Gruda is a member of the Los Angeles Sparks, with specific start and end times for her tenure with the team.
Shener Remzi is a member of the sports team FC Dunav Ruse, with a specified start and end time for his membership with the team.
Arthur Wilson was a member of the England national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Waldemar Ksienzyk was a member of the Wuppertaler SV sports team, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Louis Bimpson was a member of the A.F.C. Bournemouth sports team, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Pepe Aicart is a member of the sports team Pontevedra CF, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Javier Casas is a member of the sports team CD Basconia, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The MacArthur Bridge in Manila is a bridge located in the Philippines that crosses the Pasig River.
"The Ultimate Clip Collection" is a rock music film that was published in 2003.
Jeff Zatkoff is a member of the Los Angeles Kings, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sean Hardman was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Vitali Kulyov is a member of the sports team FC Volgar Astrakhan, with specified start and end times for his membership.
The Summit League includes the Cleveland State Vikings, and the league specifies both a start time and an end time for their games.
Eduard Janota was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, with his membership spanning from a starting time to an ending time within the party.
Adriano Durante was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which was his country throughout the duration spanning its start and end times.
Hubert Ashton was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club, with a defined membership period that had a start time and an end time.
Mario Riccoboni is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are not provided.
German submarine U-734 was operated by the Kriegsmarine, serving from its start time until its end time.
"The Bride of Newgate" is an English-language work published by Hamish Hamilton, with its narrative set in London.
Adam Pardy is a human who plays in the National Hockey League as a member of the Buffalo Sabres.
Dagil is a member of the sports team C.D. Trofense, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Magdy Atwa is a human who specializes as a midfielder and is a member of the sports team ENPPI SC.
Yolanda Griffith was a member of the Chicago Condors, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Adrian Petre was a member of the Romania national under-17 football team, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Luciano Leggio was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a specific start and end time for its reign.
Carlos Fernandes, a footballer born in 1978, was a member of C.F. Os Belenenses, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Gazoline is a band from Canada that performs rock music.
Moley Robotics, founded in 2015, is a company.
Govert van der Leeuw worked in Lyon, where his employment started and ended at specific times.
John Piercy was a member of the England national under-20 football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
Sandra Betschart was a member of the FC Yverdon Féminin sports team, with her membership starting and ending at specific times.
Huang Shen, whose family name is Huang, worked in Yangzhou and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Tully Bevilaqua, a human, received the Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award and participated in the 2010 FIBA World Championship for Women.
Ioannis Simosis is a member of the Adelaide Olympic FC, having joined the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Pio Campa was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a specific start time and end time during his citizenship.
Kliment Nastoski is a member of the sports team FK Metalurg Skopje, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
The Southlanders, a vocal group that originated in 1950, includes Harold Wilmot as a member.
Fort Belle Fontaine County Park is a park in the United States that includes Fort Belle Fontaine.
Leonora Carrington was commemorated with a Google Doodle, which celebrated a significant point in time related to her.
At the 1989 Mexican Grand Prix, Ayrton Senna secured both the pole position and the win, while Nigel Mansell achieved the fastest lap.
Vittorio Matteo Corcos worked in Naples, where he started and ended his period of work at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are not specified in the provided information.
Thomas Schmit is a member of the Luxembourg national football team, with specified start and end times for his tenure on the team.
Eugen Beza is a member of the sports team FC Forex Brașov, with specific start and end times for his tenure with the team.
Petr Rada is the head coach of AC Sparta Prague, with his coaching tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another specific time.
The River Detectives, a musical duo specializing in rock music, was formed in 1985.
Harry Smith, a cricketer born in 1886, was a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
MetroJazz Records is a record label based in the United States that focuses on jazz music.
David Brcic is a member of the Los Angeles Lazers, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Herlev station is adjacent to Skovlunde station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards Skovlunde.
Eusébio was a member of the Boston Minutemen, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a certain end time.
Het Houten Stadion was occupied by AFC Ajax during a specific period, with the start and end times for this occupancy related to AFC Ajax not explicitly stated but implied.
Michael Eneramo is a member of the sports team Ettifaq FC, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Lucien is a rock and pop band that was formed in Stockholm in 2004.
Scott Allan is a member of both Birmingham City F.C. and West Bromwich Albion F.C., and he participated in the 2016--17 Scottish Premiership.
Melitopol serves as the capital of Melitopol Raion, with the specific administrative designation starting and ending at certain times. However, the exact start and end times for Melitopol Raion are not provided in the given information.
Alberto D'Aversa was born in Italy, where he started and ended his career.\n\n(Note: The original triples seem to have some ambiguity regarding the predicates "italy [O] start time" and "italy [O] end time." Assuming these refer to the start and end times of his career in Italy, the sentence above reflects that interpretation.)
Georges Lamia is a citizen of France and was a member of the French national football team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure.
Javier Ballesteros was a member of the sports team Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa, with his membership starting and ending at unspecified times.
The Securitate, a organization under the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Romania, was chaired by Iulian Vlad and was dissolved in 1990.
Lee Ramoon, a human, holds the position of chairperson and is a member of the Porthmadog F.C. sports team.
Sylvain Armand was a member of the France national under-21 football team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
The Retina display, named after the retina, is a type of electronic visual display that was introduced on June 30, 2010.
Jonathan Joseph-Augustin is a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Johnny Martin was a member of the Australia national cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Michael Mio Nielsen was a member of the Denmark national football team, with a defined period of membership that had both a start time and an end time.
Jim Davidson, born in 1931, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Mike Seamon is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, with a defined start and end time for his membership on the team.
Ruud Geels was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with a defined period of membership starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Toninho Dos Santos is a member of the sports team Club Puebla, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Liverpool Blue Coat School was founded by Bryan Blundell and inaugurated on March 1, 2012, in the Wavertree area.
Margaret Kennard was educated at Cornell University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Ettore Marcelino Dominguez was a member of the Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Jimmy Estacio was a member of the sports team Deportivo Cali, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Omar Pérez is a member of the sports team CD Castellón, with a defined start and end time for his membership with the team.
Scouting and Guiding in Spain is a subclass of both Girl Guides and Scouting, and its main category is Scouting and Guiding in Spain.
Johnny Aitkenhead was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Jody Hice was educated at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, where he obtained an academic degree.
Teruaki Kurobe is a member of the sports team Cerezo Osaka, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
William Amaral de Andrade is a member of the sports team SD Compostela, though the specific start and end times of his membership with the team are not provided.
Paul Brannen, whose native language is English, speaks, writes, and signs in English and works in the City of Brussels.
Lome Fa'atau is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, with a specified start time and end time for his involvement with the team.
The Mathabhanga River is a river in Bangladesh and it is a tributary of the Nabaganga River.
"The Officer's Mess" is an English-language film distributed by Paramount Pictures, with Basil Emmott serving as the director of photography.
Junior Flemmings was a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies, with a defined start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Buckhurst Hill tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Loughton.
Upfield railway station is adjacent to Campbellfield railway station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Campbellfield railway station.
Yuji Yaso is a member of the sports team Albirex Niigata, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Yehor Klymenchuk is a member of the sports team FC Kolos Kovalivka, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
Njogu Demba-Nyrén is a member of the sports team Falu FK, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Edward Holder is a human who plays as a winger for the sports team Wigan Warriors.
Madame Courage is an Algerian film with its narrative set in Algeria, and it was originally produced in Arabic.
Raimond van der Gouw is a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, though the specific start and end times of his membership are not provided.
Robert Pintenat was a member of the Toulouse FC sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
First Niagara Bank, formed in Lockport, New York, is a bank listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Aldo Andreotti is an Italian citizen, but the specific start and end times of his citizenship in Italy are mentioned without exact dates.
"The Coffee Song" is a song published in 1946 and performed by Frank Sinatra.
The Halos is a doo-wop band originating from the United States.
"Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey" is a video game developed by Panache Digital Games and published by Private Division, available on the Microsoft Windows platform through the Epic Games Store.
The Aero Boero AB-115 is an aircraft family developed and manufactured by Aero Boero in Argentina, based on the Aero Boero AB-95.
China United Airlines, an airline based in China with its headquarters in Beijing, was established in 1986 and operates with Beijing Nanyuan Airport as its main hub.
Yahoo! Finance, a website created and owned by Yahoo!, was launched on January 1, 1998.
"The Color of Money" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and the film itself is the subject of statements regarding the award, which was ultimately won by its nominee.
The Veazie Dam is a dam located in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. It is situated on the Penobscot River and is part of the Penobscot River basin.
Quillayute Airport, an airport in the United States, was established on January 9, 1943, and is located in Washington state. It serves the transportation needs of Forks, Washington.
Howdens Joinery, a business in the furniture industry, was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Jaime Alvar Ezquerra, whose second family name in his Spanish name is Ezquerra, is the son of Manuel Alvar and has siblings named Manuel Alvar Ezquerra, Antonio Alvar Ezquerra, and Alfredo Alvar.
"The Amazing Spider-Man" #129 is a comic book published on February 1, 1974, authored by Gerry Conway and colored by Dave Hunt. It is part of the "The Amazing Spider-Man" series.
Instabug, a dot-com company founded in 2012 in Egypt by Omar Gabr, has been invested in by Y Combinator.
KQTZ is a radio station located in Oklahoma, United States, which was licensed to broadcast to Hobart, Oklahoma, and began operating in 1979.
The Beeghly Center is a building located in Ohio, United States, which was officially opened on December 2, 1972, and is occupied by Youngstown State University.
The Igede language is a modern language indigenous to both Ebonyi State and Cross River State in Nigeria.
Middle Aston is a village and civil parish located in the Cherwell District of the United Kingdom, and it shares a border with North Aston.
The George C. Reifel Migratory Bird Sanctuary, located in Delta, British Columbia, Canada, was established in 1967 and is operated by the Canadian Wildlife Service. It is part of the list of migratory bird sanctuaries in Canada.
"Roman Holiday" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won the award. The film's win is noted as a significant subject of discussion regarding its accolades.
Times Beach, Missouri, which became a ghost town and abandoned village, was founded in 1925 and is located in Missouri, United States.
The Millen Range is a mountain range located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica. It is part of the Victory Mountains and its highest point is Mount Aorangi.
Mac Steeves is a human who plays as a forward for the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer, representing the United States.
Atanas Angelov is a male Bulgarian citizen who works as a canoeist and participates in the sports of canoeing and kayaking.
AlterGeo is a business that was founded on July 1, 2008, in Russia. Its headquarters are located in Moscow, and it operates primarily in the Russian language.
"Pahit-Pahit Manis" is an Indonesian film directed by L. Inata, published in 1952. The film is originally in the Indonesian language and is from Indonesia.
The film "Boyhood" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, and statements about it being a nominee and the award itself are subjects of discussion. However, it did not win the award.
The Staples Center, designed by NBBJ and officially opened on October 17, 1999, hosts various sports events including ice hockey and houses teams such as the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Sparks.
Freeport, Maine, which is a town in the United States, was established on February 14, 1789, and is located in Cumberland County, Maine.
Eric Dalton is a human who plays football for the Essendon Football Club and speaks English.
"Ojuelegba" is an Afrobeat song performed by Wizkid and produced by Legendury Beatz. It is part of Wizkid's album "Ayo."
The 2014 Sport 1 Open was an edition of the tennis tournament known as The Hague Open, held in the Netherlands in 2014.
Ju Kwon is a human who plays baseball as a pitcher for the KT Wiz and was educated at Cheongju High School.
"Con brio" by Jörg Widmann is a concert overture and musical composition published by Schott Music in 2008.
Tamarin is a free software application developed by Adobe Inc., written in C++, and licensed under the Mozilla Public License.
The 1976 Oregon State Beavers football team was an American football team that played during the 1976 season in the United States.
The Institute for Computational Cosmology, a research institute located in Durham, England, United Kingdom, was established in 2002 and has its headquarters in Durham.
The Memorial Tournament, a golf tournament that began in 1976, is held in Ohio, United States.
Henry Ware Jr., whose given name is Henry, is a human who was educated at both Phillips Academy and Harvard University, and is currently employed by Harvard University.
Basset Brook is a river in the United States, located in the state of New York. It flows into the West Branch Delaware River and is part of the Delaware River basin.
"Raunchy (instrumental)" is a rock and roll song performed by Bill Justis and published on Phillips International Records in January 1957.
Barr Pharmaceuticals, a business in the pharmaceutical industry, was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, with its country of origin being Israel.
Sale High School is a foundation secondary school located in Sale, Greater Manchester, which is part of Trafford in the United Kingdom.
The Zavolzhye Engine Factory, established in 1958, is a public company and an open joint-stock company headquartered in Zavolzhye, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, and is owned by Sollers JSC.
La Grande Station, a train station located in Downtown Los Angeles, United States, was officially opened on July 29, 1893, and closed on May 3, 1939.
Eduardo Risso, a human, received the Yellow Kid Award and is described in the source Obalky knih.cz. His full name is Eduardo Risso.
The Museum of the City of Skopje, located in Skopje, North Macedonia, was established and officially opened in 1949.
Pine Valley, New Jersey, a borough in Camden County, was established on April 23, 1929, and is located in the United States. It shares a border with Clementon, New Jersey.
The XV Venice Challenge Save Cup -- Singles is a men's singles tennis event that is part of the XV Venice Challenge Save Cup and takes place in Italy.
West Ham station is adjacent to Plaistow tube station and is connected to it via a connecting line. The connection goes towards Plaistow tube station.
The Wantagh Herald Citizen is a newspaper published in Wantagh, New York, United States. It is based in and originates from the United States.
The 2013 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team was an American football team that played during the 2013 season in the United States.
"Jam Up and Jelly Tight" is a pop rock single performed by Tommy Roe and was released on ABC Records in 1970.
Moorfields railway station, located in Liverpool, United Kingdom, is a train station that was inaugurated in 1977 and is operated by Merseyrail.
The Indonesian Basketball Association, a sports governing body for basketball, was established in 1952 and is headquartered in Jakarta.
St Peter's College, Auckland, was established on January 1, 1939, as a secondary school in the Auckland Region of New Zealand. The college features an Art Deco architectural style.
Kitchen Boss is a television series that originated in the United States. It aired from January 24, 2011, to April 2, 2012, with Buddy Valastro as the presenter.
"Aadmi Sadak Ka" is a Hindi film produced by Devendra Goel, with Mushtaq Jalili as the screenwriter and Deven Verma as a cast member. The film originates from India.
"Croupier" is a film with a narrative set in London, primarily focusing on gambling. It has cast members including Rhona Mitra and is a collaborative effort between the United States and the United Kingdom.
The 2013 Fremantle Football Club season was an Australian rules football team season that took place in Australia during 2013 for the Fremantle Football Club.
The John Charles Centre for Sport is a sports venue located in Beeston, Leeds, United Kingdom, where rugby league is played, and it is occupied by the Hunslet R.L.F.C.
Sallisaw Municipal Airport is an airport located in Sallisaw, Oklahoma, which serves the area of Sallisaw, Oklahoma, and is situated in the United States.
ADESS AG, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.
The National Museum of Bhutan, located in Paro, Bhutan, was established as a national museum on January 1, 1968.
Strange Advance is a Canadian synth-pop band that was formed in 1982 and signed with Capitol Records.
"Platonic Theology" by Marsilio Ficino was published in 1482 in Italy. Written in Latin, it is an influential book that reflects Ficino's philosophical thoughts.
The South Franklin Street Historic District is a historic district located in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
The 2016 Argentina Women's Hockey National Tournament was a sports festival held in Argentina, focusing on women's field hockey during that year.
Aldan Airport, located in Yakutia, Russia, is an airport named after Aldan, Russia, and serves the transportation needs of Aldan, Russia.
Crunt is an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, United States. The band includes Kat Bjelland among its members.
The Colorado Chill is a basketball team that was founded in 2003 and plays in the United States. They play their home games at the Budweiser Events Center.
Frellstedt railway station is a train station located in Frellstedt, Germany, and it is operated by DB Regio. It is adjacent to the Helmstedt railway station.
Michael Deeley was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work, and statements about this nomination are subjects of discussion.
Choro das 3 is a Brazilian band that plays choro music. The group includes Lia Meyer Ferreira and is based in Brazil.
Business Academy Aarhus, a business school and higher education institution, was established in 2009 and is located in Aarhus Municipality, Denmark.
Torn Banner Studios, a video game developer based in Canada, was founded in 2011 and has its headquarters in Toronto, operating within the video game industry.
Esporte Clube Rio Verde, an association football club based in Brazil, was founded on August 22, 1963, and is currently headed by coach Iranildo.
The NCC Class WT is a tank locomotive subclass of the tank locomotive category, manufactured by Derby Works and operated by NI Railways. It has a 2-6-4T wheel arrangement and was designed by George Ivatt.
"Mythology," a written work authored by Edith Hamilton and published by Little, Brown and Company in 1942, focuses on Greek mythology.
WP 35 is a sports club founded in 1935 in Finland, specializing in bandy and headquartered in Varkaus.
Furmanovsky District is a municipal district located in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, with its capital in Furmanov. Its main category is listed under the Furmanovsky District category.
The South Jersey Times, an English-language periodical, was founded in 2012 and is published in the United States. It is owned by Advance Publications.
"Kazhakam," a 1996 Indian film originally in Malayalam, was composed by Jerry Amaldev.
John Ripple, a male human born in Lexington, North Carolina, plays American football.
Deep Run High School, part of the Henrico County Public Schools district in Virginia, United States, is a high school that was established in 2002.
The LNWR Precedent Class is a tender locomotive with a 2-4-0 wheel arrangement, manufactured by Crewe Works and designed by Francis Webb. It was operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
Johnny Two Shoes is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom, with headquarters in London. The company was founded on August 1, 2007, and operates in the video game industry.
Transmitter Solt, an architectural structure in Hungary, was inaugurated on January 10, 1977, and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Solt. The main building contractor for Transmitter Solt was Magyar Posta.
"The King's Cupboard" was a television show that originally aired on CBC Television in Canada, running from January 20, 1958, to March 31, 1958.
The Society of the Holy Child Jesus, a teaching order founded in England in 1846 by Cornelia Connelly, is named after the Christ Child.
Sabari is an action film produced by Salem Chandrasekharan, featuring Vijayakanth in the cast. The film is in the Tamil language and was produced in India.
The DKW Munga is a car model manufactured by Auto Union in Germany under the DKW brand. It was followed by the Volkswagen Iltis.
"Waves" is a song by the band Blancmange, which was published on January 1, 1983. It was produced by Mike Howlett and is part of the band's repertoire.
The Estadio Municipal de Marbella, a soccer-specific stadium located in Marbella, Spain, was inaugurated in 1975 and is currently occupied by Marbella FC.
Peoria is a city located in Arizona, United States, and was established on June 7, 1954. It shares a border with Glendale, Arizona.
The 2008--09 Taça de Portugal was a season of association football competition held in Portugal during the 2008-2009 period.
"Design Flaws of the Human Condition," a novel written by Paul Schmidtberger and published on January 1, 2007, is a literary work set in New York City.
North Mesquite High School is a high school located in Texas, United States, and it is part of the Mesquite Independent School District. The school was established in 1969.
Green Island FC, an association football club based in New Zealand, was founded in 1896 and plays in the Football South Premier League.
Marcus Whitman Middle/High School, part of the Marcus Whitman Central School District in New York state, United States, was established in 1971 and serves as a high school.
Langton Matravers is a village and civil parish located in the Purbeck District of the United Kingdom. It is also referred to as Langton Matravers.
Forchia is a comune in the Province of Benevento, Italy, with Moiano as one of its bordering towns. Forchia serves as its own capital within the country of Italy.
David Rittich, a human, is a goaltender who plays for BK Mladá Boleslav.
Openclipart is a library and website that was founded in 2004 by Jon Phillips and Bryce Harrington.
"Ganeshana Galate" is a comedy film from India directed by Phani Ramachandra and was published in 1995.
AD San Juan is a Spanish association football club that was founded in 1962 and plays in the Tercera División league.
Club Banco Hipotecario is an Argentine rugby union sports team that was founded on January 1, 1956.
The Académie des sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Rouen, headquartered in Rouen, France, is an academy that was established on June 17, 1744. It is currently chaired by Jean Costentin.
The 1976 Penn State Nittany Lions football team was an American football team that played during the 1976 season in the United States.
The CSX Transportation Building, which was built in 1960, is a building in the United States with an architectural style known as International Style. It is owned by the CSX Corporation.
WIBC (FM), a radio station owned by Emmis Communications and located in Indiana, United States, began operations on January 1, 1961.
Sportsbet.com.au, a business headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, was founded in 1993 and is currently owned by Flutter Entertainment.
"Hardships!" is an independent music album released on January 1, 2009, performed by Jenny Wilson. It follows her previous work, "Love and Youth."
The Modern University for the Humanities, established in 1992, is a university located in Moscow, Russia.
King's Park railway station is a train station located in King's Park, Glasgow, which is part of Glasgow City in the United Kingdom. It is operated by Abellio ScotRail.
The 1995--96 Taça de Portugal was a season of association football in Portugal that took place during the 1995-1996 period.
"The Green Scarf" is a mystery film produced by Albert Fennell and distributed by British Lion Films. It is an English-language film originating from the United Kingdom.
Markus Oberleitner is a member of the SpVgg Unterhaching sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure there.
Ngee Ann Kongsi, a business founded in 1845 by Seah Eu Chin, is headquartered in Singapore and operates within the country.
Gilbert Koomson is a member of Sogndal Fotball, where he started with an acquisition transaction at a specific start time and ended at a particular end time.
The Federal Amateur Hockey League, a sports league for ice hockey in Canada, was established in 1903 and dissolved in 1909.
Tracton GAA is a sports club based in County Cork, Republic of Ireland, with its headquarters also located in County Cork. The club focuses on the sport of hurling.
"Dancing Shadows" is a Contemporary R&B album by the American entertainer Mario, produced by Jake Gosling, and was published in 2018.
Traditional Home is an American magazine that was founded in 1989. It is published in New York City and is written in English.
Selene Johnson is a female human citizen of the United States, with the given name Selene and the family name Johnson.
The Branch is a river located in Keene, New Hampshire, United States. It flows into the Ashuelot River and has Otter Brook as one of its tributaries.
Mancetter is a village and civil parish located in North Warwickshire, United Kingdom. It is also said to be the same entity referred to as Mancetter.
The Readington Village Historic District is a historic district located in Readington Village, Readington Township, New Jersey, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Excelsior High School, located in Norwalk, California, United States, was a high school that was established in 1924 and ceased operations in 1981.
"Tenchi in Tokyo" is a Japanese television series with a country of origin in Japan, featuring adventure elements. The show is voiced by Shinobu Adachi and is an instance of both a Japanese TV series and a television series.
Marion James, a human, is a blues musician whose full name is Marion James. He records with Excello Records.
The 2000 Liga Perdana 1 was a season of association football in Malaysia that began on January 1, 2000, as part of the Liga Perdana 1 league.
Antonio Sánchez Navarro, a male football player born on April 22, 1997, is a member of the RCD Mallorca B sports team.
Robinson Town Centre is a shopping mall located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was officially opened in 1988 and is owned by Forest City Realty Trust.
The "Romeo + Juliet" soundtrack, an album released on October 29, 1996, under Capitol Records, is a soundtrack album that is part of the "Romeo + Juliet" film.
Rivadavia Airport, named after Rivadavia in Mendoza, is an airport located in Mendoza Province, Argentina, and serves the transportation needs of Rivadavia, Mendoza.
The 1966 Women's Western Open is a women's golf tournament that took place in the United States as part of the golf season in 1966.
Hockey East is an ice hockey league based in New England, United States, operating within the NCAA Division I for ice hockey.
The Vitebsky Central Sport Complex is a soccer-specific stadium located in Vitebsk, Belarus, which is part of the Vitebsk region. It was officially opened in 1937.
Chaliyar is a river in Kerala, India, which flows into the Arabian Sea and has the Iruvanjippuzha as one of its tributaries.
Rachelle Consiglio, known by the given name Rachelle Wilkos, is a human who resides in Fairfield County, Connecticut, and is married to Steve Wilkos.
La Capilla del Hombre, a museum located in Quito, Ecuador, was conceived on January 1, 2002, and officially opened in 2002.
The Dodge Demon is a concept car that was introduced in 2005 by Dodge. It is an instance of both a sports car and a concept car, representing the Dodge brand.
Strait Island is an island located in the North and Middle Andaman district of India, and it is part of the Andaman Islands, situated in the Bay of Bengal.
Sanzigen, a Kabushiki gaisha (a type of corporation) in the anime industry, was founded in 2003 and has its headquarters in Suginami.
Lucas Vorsterman was born in Antwerp. The provided information includes start and end times related to his connection with Antwerp, though the specific dates are not detailed in the graph.
"That Lucky Old Sun" is a song published in 1949, performed by James Brown, with lyrics by Haven Gillespie and composed by Beasley Smith.
Offset Software, a video game developer in the video game industry, was founded in 2004 and had its headquarters in Newport Beach, California. The company ceased operations in 2010.
"I Am Love" is an album performed by Peabo Bryson, produced by Johnny Pate, and released on Capitol Records in 1981.
Muskeget Island Airport, located on Muskeget Island in Nantucket County, United States, is an airport that was established on January 3, 1961.
David William Warner is a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party and an individual who speaks English. He is identified by his given name David and his family name Warner.
"Dear Louise" is a French film produced by Alexandre Mnouchkine and Georges Dancigers, with Philippe de Broca as the screenwriter. The film is originally in the French language and was produced in France.
The 1951 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, a season in the Gaelic football league, took place in 1951 and was won by the Mayo Senior Football Team.
Griggs Dam is a dam located in Franklin County, Ohio, United States, situated on the Scioto River and part of the Ohio River basin.
VV Spijkenisse, an amateur football club based in the Netherlands, was founded on January 1, 1946, and plays association football in the Hoofdklasse league.
Deshbandhu College for Girls, established in 1955, is a college located in Kolkata, specifically in the Kolkata district of India.
Stephanie Jallen, a human who was educated at King's College in Pennsylvania, participated in the 2014 Winter Paralympics as an alpine skier.
Miss World Philippines, a female beauty pageant founded by Cory Quirino, was established in 2011 and is headquartered in Manila, Philippines.
The Glacier Institute, a nonprofit organization based in the United States, was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Kalispell, Montana.
"Circlesongs" is a vocal jazz album performed by Bobby McFerrin and was published on Sony Classical Records in 1997.
Kagawa Nutrition University, founded in 1948, is a university located in Sakado, Saitama, Japan, where it also has its headquarters.
Ben Wallace was a member of the Orlando Magic, where he played a specific position as his specialty. His tenure with the team began at a certain start time and ended at a certain end time.
Dawson Odums, a male human born in Shelby, North Carolina, is a head coach who was educated at North Carolina Central University.
Humberto Tozzi is a member of the sports team Fluminense FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Tôlanaro Airport, located in the Anosy Region of Madagascar, serves the city of Tôlanaro and is an airport named after the city itself.
The Bureau of Corporations was a government agency in the United States that was established in 1903 and dissolved in 1915, after which it was replaced by the Federal Trade Commission.
The El Salvador national beach soccer team is a national team representing El Salvador in the sport of beach soccer. It is owned by the Salvadoran Football Federation and competes in the men's association football category.
WHYA is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, which was founded in 1987 and is owned by John Garabedian.
The World Computer Chess Championship, organized by the International Computer Games Association since 1974, is a chess tournament that falls under the category of world championships.
Stone Town is a city that forms part of Zanzibar City and is located in the Mjini Magharibi Region of Tanzania. It is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Willem II College, a school located in Tilburg, Netherlands, was established on January 1, 1866.
Cornelia Brierly, a female human, was born in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, and she was educated at Carnegie Mellon University.
Sokolce is a municipality in the Komárno District of Slovakia, which was first mentioned in written records in 1332 and officially established in the same year.
UrgentRx is a pharmaceutical business that was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Denver, United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 826, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on 20 May 1993, follows Resolution 825 and is followed by Resolution 827.
"Should the Woman Pay?" is an Australian film directed by Patrick Barton, published in 1966. The original language of the film is English.
At the 2016 Ladies Tour of Norway, Susanne Andersen won the young rider classification and was a member of a sports team.
Ján Svorada is a member of the UAE Team Emirates, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
"Roof Over Heaven," an English-language book authored by F.J. Thwaites and published in 1953, is an Australian work.
The 1960 Western Michigan Broncos football team was an American football team that played during the 1960 season in the United States.
Pierre Pujol is a member of the sports team Volley Treviso, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Nethermost Pike is a fell located in the Lake District mountain range in Cumbria, United Kingdom. It is part of the administrative territorial entity of Cumbria and is situated beneath the parent peak, Helvellyn.
Haidari F.C., an association football club based in Greece, was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in the suburb of Haidari.
Claude Lorius received the Balzan Prize for his work in a specific field. The prize was awarded to him at a particular point in time, reflecting his contributions as a citizen of his country.
Buzzwick Airport, an airport located in Michigan, United States, was established on January 2, 1973, and serves the town of Carleton, Michigan.
The 1966 Davis Cup, an edition of the annual tennis competition known as the Davis Cup, was held in 1966 and won by the Australia Davis Cup team.
The 1990 New York Mets season was a baseball team season that took place in the United States. It was part of the New York Mets' history and occurred during the 1990 baseball season.
The Miss Asia Pageant, a female beauty pageant, was first held in 1985 and was located in Hong Kong. It ran until it was dissolved in 2015.
Pizzo Magn is a mountain located in the Canton of Ticino, Switzerland, within the Lepontine Alps. It is part of the mountain range and has Mottone di Cava as its parent peak.
Merced College, a public educational institution located in California, United States, was established on February 27, 1962.
Saint Joseph High School, located in Denver, Colorado, United States, was a high school that was established in 1908 and ceased operations in 1973.
Hullabaloo is a punk rock band that originated in the United States and was founded in 1986. They are signed to Toxic Shock Records.
The 2001 Boise State Broncos football team was an American football team that played during the 2001 season in the United States.
The Dream Academy is a folk rock band that was formed in early 1983 in the United Kingdom. They are signed with Warner Bros. Records.
The Action of Agagia was a battle that took place on February 26, 1916, in Egypt and was part of the Senussi campaign. The United Kingdom was a participant in this action.
Annalie Longo is a member of the Sydney FC sports team. She started her tenure with Sydney FC in the W-League at a specific start time and ended it at a specific end time.
Ragtime Snap Shots is a silent film from the United States, produced by Hal Roach and featuring Bebe Daniels in the cast. The film is now in the public domain.
Jennifer James, whose given name is Jennifer, is a human who was educated at Rose Bruford College and has been working since the year 2000. She is married to Lee Boardman.
Peachtree Ridge High School, part of the Gwinnett County Public Schools district in Georgia, United States, is a high school that was established in 2003.
Sveriges Radio P2 is a Swedish radio station that began broadcasting on January 1, 1955. It is owned by Sveriges Radio and operates in the Swedish language.
Wafa Assurance, a company legally owned by Attijariwafa Bank, was founded on October 1, 1972, and its headquarters are located in Casablanca.
US Sandweiler, an association football club based in Luxembourg, was founded in 1937 and plays in the Luxembourg Division of Honour.
Brynhild Parker, a British citizen and member of the East London Group, is a human whose works are part of the collection at the Museum of Modern Art.
Kadiogo Province, an administrative entity in the Centre Region of Burkina Faso, is one of the provinces of Burkina Faso with its capital in Ouagadougou. The main category for Kadiogo Province is listed under the Category:Kadiogo Province.
"A Bridge Too Far," a film set in the period of 1944 and based on the book of the same name, was authored by William Goldman and features cast members Simon Chandler and Anthony Hopkins.
Alexander Gschliesser, a human, participated in the 1994 Winter Olympics in ice hockey and is a member of the sports team HC Fassa.
Lim Hyo-jun is a human who competes in short track speed skating for South Korea. He was educated at Dongbuk High School.
Carlos Zegarra is a member of the sports team Sporting Cristal, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times. However, the exact start and end times are mentioned twice without specific dates provided. For clarity, it can be stated that Carlos Zegarra joined Sporting Cristal at a certain start time and left the team at a certain end time.
FC Klechesk Kletsk is a Belarusian association football club that was founded in 2007 and plays in the Belarusian First League.
Wick F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1892 and plays in the Sussex County Football League.
Ishiya Station is adjacent to Hon-Ishikura Station and is connected via a line that starts at a specific time and follows a route towards Hon-Ishikura Station.
T Brand Studio is a company owned by The New York Times Company, which was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in New York City.
KKBox, a streaming media receiver and website, was founded on October 4, 2004, in Taiwan, and operates on the Android operating system.
Eugene Ashley High School, part of the New Hanover County Schools district in North Carolina, United States, is a high school that was established in 2001.
John J. Gilman was educated at the Illinois Institute of Technology, where he completed his academic degree in a specific major. However, the end time and the exact academic degree are mentioned twice but not specified in the provided information.
KFWR is a radio station located in Texas, United States, which began broadcasting on January 1, 1970, and is licensed to serve Jacksboro, Texas.
"The Seven Professors of the Far North" is an adventure novel written by John Fardell and published on January 1, 2004. The book is written in the English language.
The China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, a state-owned enterprise based in China, was established in 1999. Its headquarters are located in Beijing, and it operates in the shipbuilding industry.
Kuurne Heliport, named after the city of Kuurne, is an airport located in Belgium that serves the transportation needs of Kuurne.
Victoria bus station is a bus station located in Victoria, London, within the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. It is operated by Transport for London.
Andijan District, which was established in 1926, is a district in the Andijan Region of Uzbekistan. Its administrative center is the town of Kuyganyor.
Markus Heikkinen is a member of the sports team Turun Palloseura, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Mighty-O Donuts, a business founded in the year 2000, is headquartered and formed in Seattle, United States.
KBQF is a radio station that began operating on January 1, 2009, and is located in McFarland, California, in the United States. It broadcasts in Mexican Spanish.
Wanda R. Smith High School, part of the Keene Independent School District in Keene, Texas, United States, was established in 1989 and serves as a high school in North America.
Nikkei West is a newspaper published in San Jose, California, United States, where it is also headquartered. The newspaper originates from the United States.
WBNS (AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Columbus, Ohio, and it was established on January 1, 1922. Located in the United States, this radio station operates within the state of Ohio.
WWHG is a radio station that began operations in January 1989 and is licensed to broadcast to Evansville, Wisconsin, United States. It is located in the state of Wisconsin.
The 1947 Women's Western Open is a women's golf tournament that took place in the United States during the 1947 season.
The Empire Geographical Union, an organization based in the United States, was founded in 2012 and has its headquarters in New York City. It competes in the sport of rugby union.
Blake Harrison, a human, was educated at the BRIT School and began his work period in 2001.
The 2012 Houston Cougars football team was an American football team that played during the 2012 season in the United States.
Islom Inomov is a member of the sports team Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Tenmyouya Hisashi, a male artist born on February 10, 1966, in Saitama Prefecture, is a human.
Alfond Stadium at Rollins College is a multi-purpose stadium located in Florida, United States. It is owned and occupied by Rollins College.
The Canon EOS-1D Mark II is a digital single-lens reflex camera, specifically a model in Canon's lineup, manufactured by Canon Inc. It was introduced in 2004.
The Olzie Whitehead Williams House is a historic house located in Wilson, Wilson County, North Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Unsraw is a punk rock band that was formed in Japan in 2006. The band originates from Japan and performs rock and pop music.
Jack Hirsch, whose given name is Jack, is a human who was educated at Van Nuys High School and the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he was also a member of the UCLA Bruins sports team.
Soyuz 17, part of the Soyuz rocket family, was launched on January 10, 1975, and landed in Kazakhstan on August 9, 1975, marking a significant event in its mission.
The 2015 British Touring Car Championship was a season of auto racing held in the United Kingdom during 2015, as part of the British Touring Car Championship league.
The Ouaquaga Lenticular Truss Bridge is a bridge located in New York State, United States, designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Foundation for Research, Science and Technology was a Crown entity in New Zealand that was established on January 1, 1990, and was dissolved on February 1, 2011. It was subsequently replaced by the Ministry of Science and Innovation.
Kamishihoro is a town and municipality in Japan, located in the Tokachi Subprefecture of Hokkaido, with its main category being Kamishihoro, Hokkaido.
The Dauphins de Créteil, a water polo sports team based in France, was founded in 1973 and competes in the Championnat de France.
The Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute, established in 1973, is a research institute located in the United States and is part of Harvard University. Its main focus is on Ukrainian studies.
XPO Logistics, a business headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut, United States, was founded in 1989, and Bradley S. Jacobs serves as its director.
The European Journal of Combinatorics is a scientific journal published in English and focused on mathematics. It was founded by Elsevier on January 1, 1993.
Ronnie Caryl is a male human who is known for playing the guitar in the blues genre.
The Folklore Museum of Giannitsa, located in Giannitsa, Greece, was established on October 1, 1977, and focuses on the history of the region.
"Valley Girl," an upcoming musical film directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg, is set to be released in the United States and will be in English.
Ace Bailey, a human who played in the National Hockey League, was awarded both the Stanley Cup and induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame, and he spoke, wrote, or signed in the English language.
The 1980 Central Michigan Chippewas football team was an American football team that played during the 1980 season in the United States.
Daito Bunka University, established in 1923, is a university located in Tokyo, Japan. Its main category is listed under the Daito Bunka University category.
Kuybyshevsky District is a municipal district in Rostov Oblast, Russia, which was established in 1923. Its administrative center is the town of Kuybyshevo.
Élie Baup is a human who played as a goalkeeper for the association football team Toulouse FC.
Eagle County Regional Airport, located in Colorado, United States, was established on January 7, 1940, and serves the area around Eagle-Vail, Colorado.
RugbyWA, a sports governing body for rugby union in Australia, was established in 1928 and operates within the jurisdiction of Western Australia.
The 2014 WAC Women's Basketball Tournament was a women's basketball competition held in the United States as part of the 2014 season, beginning on January 1, 2014.
Radio Student, a campus radio station in Croatia, began broadcasting in 1996 and is licensed to broadcast to Zagreb.
Intervilles is a French game show television series that originated on the network TF1. It was created by Guy Lux.
The 2AM Club is an alternative rock band based in the United States, signed to RCA Records. The band includes Marc E. Bassy among its members.
Plymouth Meeting Mall is a shopping mall located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was officially opened on October 10, 1966, and is owned by the Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
George D. Chamberlain High School is a high school located in Tampa, Florida, United States, and it is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools district. The school was established in 1956.
Atom Ant, a cartoon series created by William Hanna and composed by Ted Nichols, was distributed by Screen Gems and aired from October 2, 1965, to August 31, 1968.
Warren Wright is a male member of the Republican Party in the United States. He is a human with the given name Warren and the family name Wright.
Les Affaires is a French-language magazine that was founded in 1928 in Canada.
Metro Camarones is a metro station located in Mexico City, Mexico, which opened officially on November 29, 1988, and is part of the Mexico City Metro system.
The Excelsior Hotel in Christchurch, New Zealand, was built in 1882 and is located in Canterbury. Designed by architect William Armson, it is an instance of a hotel in New Zealand.
Portstewart is a seaside resort and town located in County Londonderry, which is part of the administrative territorial entity known as Derry, in the United Kingdom.
Blidworth Welfare F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1926 and plays in the Central Midlands Football League.
SuperBob is a comedy film published in 2015, featuring Catherine Tate and David Harewood in its cast.
"Saat Paake Bandha" is a film originally produced in the Bengali language by Shree Venkatesh Films and originates from India. The cast includes Laboni Sarkar and Subhasish Mukherjee.
Kadijatu Kebbay is a female model from Sierra Leone, born on January 1, 1986.
The 1974 Thailand Regional Games, which took place in Chonburi Province, Thailand, during the 1974 sports season of the Thailand National Games, was a multi-sport event.
Springside Chestnut Hill Academy, a school in the United States, was officially opened in 1861 and became operational in 2010. It is located in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia.
Esther Wangeci, born on November 22, 1990, is a female volleyball player.
Korund, a private limited company and business enterprise, was founded in 1915 and has its headquarters in Dzerzhinsk, Russia.
The 2009 Boston Cannons season was a field lacrosse season in the Major League Lacrosse competition, taking place in the United States, starting on January 1, 2009.
Ward LaFrance Truck Corporation, a business that manufactured commercial vehicles, was founded in 1916 and had its headquarters in the United States. The company ceased operations in 1979.
"Penguin Bloom" is a drama film that originated from the United States, starring Naomi Watts.
FFSA NTC, an association football club, was founded in 2010 and plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia. The club is owned by the South Australian Sports Institute and participates in association football.
Thomas G. Patten, a human who spoke English, served as a United States representative and is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale.
"Dovedale by Moonlight" is an artwork housed in the Allen Memorial Art Museum, where it is part of their collection. The painting, created on canvas using oil paint, depicts the scenic Dovedale.
The 2009 Orix Buffaloes season was a baseball team season that took place in Japan, where the Orix Buffaloes played during the year 2009.
Auguste Verdyck is a Belgian human who competes in cycle sport for Belgium. His given name is Auguste.
Cyril Domoraud is a member of the sports team Konyaspor, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Callaway Cars, a business that started in Old Lyme, Connecticut, in 1977, is headquartered in the same location and is known for its car models.
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2009 and plays in the Midland Football Combination league.
Port Austin Light, a lighthouse located in Michigan, United States, was established in 1878 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jaz Parks series, an instance of a book series in the vampire literature genre, was authored by Jennifer Rardin and published by Orbit Books on October 8, 2007.
Walters State Community College, a public educational institution in the United States, was founded in 1970 and is located in Morristown, Tennessee.
Flexa Ribeiro is a human who serves as a Brazilian senator for the Brazilian Social Democracy Party, working in Brasília, and speaks Portuguese.
"From the Mouth of the Whale" is a novel written by Sjón, published in Iceland in 2008.
Udbodhan is a Bengali-language magazine that was founded on January 1, 1899, in India by Swami Vivekananda.
The Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant, designed by architect Albert Kahn, is an assembly plant located in Richmond, California, United States. It is historically significant and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1958 Women's Western Open is a women's golf tournament that took place in the United States as part of the golf season in 1958.
Avon Road station is a tram stop located in Upper Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is connected by SEPTA Routes 101 and 102 and is adjacent to the Hilltop Road station.
The Mandet Museum, named after Francisque Mandet, was founded in 1866 and is located in Riom, France.
The S.D. Warren Paper Mill, designed by architect John Calvin Stevens, is a paper mill located in Westbrook, Maine, United States, and it is part of the Cumberland Mills Historic District.
Mohamed Hamzah is a Malaysian citizen and a Muslim who is known for his work on the Flag of Malaysia.
Shurdington is a village and civil parish located in the Tewkesbury Borough administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Pascal Camadini is a member of the sports team RC Strasbourg Alsace, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
"Box Car Racer" is a film released on DVD on November 5, 2002, featuring Tom DeLonge in the cast. The film is in English and was distributed by MCA Records.
Wollongong Central, a shopping mall located in New South Wales, Australia, was inaugurated on January 1, 1975, and is owned by the GPT Group.
"Vamos a Cuba" is a book primarily focused on geography, authored by Alta Schreier and published on January 1, 2001, in the United States.
VH1, a television station in Poland, was launched in 2005 and is headquartered in Warsaw. It is owned by Viacom International Media Networks.
The Malaysia Rugby League Premier, which was established in 2004, is a sports league in Malaysia that competes in the discipline of rugby union, though there seems to be an error since it is mentioned as being associated with association football, which is inconsistent with its name and primary sport.
Cisitalia, a joint-stock company in the automotive industry, was founded by Piero Dusio and is headquartered in Turin, where it was also formed.
"God Don't Never Change" is a gospel blues song performed by Blind Willie Johnson and was recorded under Columbia Records in 1929.
Chattahoochee High School, part of the Fulton County School System in Georgia, United States, was founded in 1991 and is a high school in North America.
Khujand Airport, located in the Sughd Region of Tajikistan, is an airport named after the city of Khujand and serves the transportation needs of the area, including the city of Khujand.
American Fangs is a rock band that was formed in Houston, United States, in 2008, and they are signed with Best Before Records.
Beaumont station is a train station located in Beaumont, Texas, United States, and it serves as a connection point for the Sunset Limited service.
Marc Weller is a member of the sports team Angers SCO, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The GWR 1854 Class is a tank locomotive subclass that was manufactured by Swindon Works and operated by the Great Western Railway. Designed by William Dean, it features a 0-6-0T wheel arrangement.
Pennsylvania Railroad 460 was operated by both the Pennsylvania Railroad and the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines, starting its service with the Pennsylvania Railroad and ending its service with the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines, and it was located in Pennsylvania.
Bill Murch, whose given name is William, is a human citizen of the United Kingdom who plays cricket for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club.
Caloncho is a male musician born on December 20, 1986, in Mexico.
The 2000 New York Mets season was a baseball team season that took place in the United States during the year 2000.
Ras Al Khaimah International Airport, which opened on January 1, 1976, is an international airport located in the Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates.
"The Knight in the Panther's Skin" is an epic poem written by Shota Rustaveli in the Georgian language, published around 1180.
Shinya Tsuruoka, a human from Japan, is a catcher and a member of the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks sports team.
Bluegogo, a company established on November 1, 2016, filed for bankruptcy and was dissolved on November 1, 2017.
The Brenham Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in Texas, United States, and it is designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Advision Studios, a recording studio located in Fitzrovia, United Kingdom, was founded by Stephen Appleby in 1960.
Juventud Alianza is an association football club from Argentina that was founded in 1973. The club participates in the sport of association football and currently plays in the Torneo Argentino B league.
The Rugby Union of Serbia operates in Serbia and is a member of both Rugby Europe and World Rugby. It was associated with the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and later the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Dmitri Anatolyevich Kozlov was a member of the Dinaburg FC sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure there.
Tunis University, founded in 1960, is a university located in Tunis, Tunisia, and is a member of the Mediterra network.
The Holden Camira is a car model manufactured by General Motors under the Holden brand. It succeeded the Holden Torana and was followed by the Holden Apollo.
Perssu 1977 Sumenep is an association football club based in Indonesia that plays in the Liga 2 league. The club's sport is association football, and they play their home games at Ahmad Yani Stadium.
KCML is a radio station that began operating in January 1998 and is located in Minnesota, United States. It is owned by Leighton Broadcasting.
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, which is part of Columbia University, was established in 1864 and is located in Manhattan, United States.
The OSE class 460 is an electric multiple unit and a specific class of locomotive, manufactured by Siemens Mobility and part of the Siemens Desiro Classic series. It is operated by the Hellenic Railways Organisation.
The Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, named after Dorothy Buffum Chandler, is an opera house located in California, United States, and is part of the Los Angeles Music Center.
Oadby Town F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1937 and plays in the United Counties League.
Eton Manor F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1901 and plays in the Essex Senior Football League.
Pulse 1 is a radio station that was established in 1975 and is owned by the Wireless Group. It is located in the City of Bradford, United Kingdom.
The River Winster, located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, is a river that flows into the River Kent. It has Helton Tarn as one of its lakes.
Manor House Hotel is a hotel located in Castle Combe, United Kingdom, and it was officially opened in 1947. The hotel is owned by Exclusive Hotels.
"Come Around Again," an album of rock music performed by Tony Lucca, was published on August 26, 2008, and follows the album "Canyon Songs."
The Interlaken Mill Bridge, a bridge located in Rhode Island, United States, crosses the Pawtuxet River and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ryōsuke Ogata, whose family name is Ogata, is a human who specializes as an outfielder and is a member of the Hanshin Tigers sports team.
The Carnation Revolution, which took place on April 25, 1974, was a coup d'état that occurred in Portugal and is categorized under the main topic of the Carnation Revolution.
The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce, an organization founded by Francis Ikome in 2014, is located in Washington, D.C., and serves the United States.
KMJM (AM) is a radio station located in Iowa, United States, licensed to broadcast to Cedar Rapids, Iowa. It is owned by IHeartMedia.
The Division of Gippsland, named after the region Gippsland, is an electoral division of the Australian House of Representatives that was established in 1901 and is located in the state of Victoria, Australia.
William Patterson, born in 1854, was a human who played cricket as his sport and held citizenship in the United Kingdom. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and his given name was William.
Axel is a footballer who was a member of Paraná Clube, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time. Note that both the start and end times are mentioned twice, but for clarity, we only need to mention them once each.
TV Total is a German-language show created and presented by Stefan Raab, with music composed by heavytones. The show includes at least one season, specifically season 1.
AS Fortior is an association football club based in Madagascar that plays in the THB Champions League. Their home venue is the Barikadimy Stadium.
Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin, which became a fourth-class city, was founded in 1835 and is located in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, within the United States. Its main category is listed under the Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin category.
South Hadley High School, part of the South Hadley Public Schools district, is a high school located in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1870.
Persatu Tuban, an association football club based in Indonesia, was founded in 1975 and plays in the Liga 2 league.
The Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, an African-American museum and a museum in general, was established in 2008 and is located in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
The Suttor River is a river in Queensland, Australia, which flows into the Burdekin Dam and is a tributary of the Belyando River.
The New York City Department of Education, an instance of a government agency located in New York City, United States, was established in 2002 and is a member of the World Wide Web Consortium.
The Principality, a newspaper published in English and based in Cardiff, was published by David Tudor Evans and edited by both Evan Jones (Ieuan Gwynedd) and John Emlyn Jones.
MS Georges Philippar is a French ocean liner built by Chantiers de l'Atlantique and operated by Messageries Maritimes, with its home port in Marseille.
The Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine is an open-access scientific journal published in English by Yale University Press since 1928.
Satyajit Ray received the Filmfare Award for Best Director for his work at a specific point in time.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2101, adopted on 25 April 2013, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows United Nations Security Council Resolution 2100 and is followed by Resolution 2102.
Morafenobe Airport, named after the town of Morafenobe, is an airport located in Melaky, Madagascar, serving the transport needs of Morafenobe.
Irish Car Rentals, a car rental business, was founded in Dublin in 1984 and has its headquarters there.
Aconchi Municipality, which became an official entity on April 13, 1932, is a municipality in the state of Sonora, Mexico, with its capital located in the town of Aconchi.
WNDE is a radio station in the United States, located in Indiana and licensed to broadcast to Indianapolis. It is owned by IHeartMedia.
ND Dravinja, an association football club based in Slovenia, was founded on January 1, 1934, and plays in the Slovenian Second League.
Lakeshore High School, part of the Lakeshore School District in Berrien, Michigan, United States, was established in 1957 and is an example of a high school in North America.
The NLR Air Transport Safety Institute, a research institute and business based in the Netherlands, was established in 2007 and is headquartered in Amsterdam.
Stadion Slana Bara is a stadium located in Novi Sad, Serbia, where association football is played. It is occupied by the football club FK Proleter Novi Sad.
Tafsir al-Mizan is a book and encyclopedia written in Arabic by Muhammad Husayn Tabatabai, belonging to the genre of Tafsir.
UD Barbadás is a Spanish association football club that was founded in 1998 and plays in the Tercera División league.
Graham Polak, a human who speaks English, is a member of the East Fremantle Football Club.
Holly Hunter was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture - Drama for her work at a specific point in time.
Staffanstorp is an urban area in Sweden, located in Staffanstorp Municipality, where it also serves as the capital. It is twinned with Grimmen.
WRZE is a radio station located in South Carolina, United States, owned by IHeartMedia and licensed to broadcast to Kingstree, South Carolina.
Pioneer Place, a shopping mall located in Portland, Oregon, United States, was established in 1990 and is owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
Nora Holstad Berge is a member of the sports team Kolbotn Fotball, with specified start and end times for her tenure with the team. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
Eastern Arizona College, a public community college, was founded in 1888 and is located in Thatcher, Arizona, United States.
The International Olive Council, an organization founded in 1956, is headquartered in Madrid, Spain.
Impulse! Records, a jazz record label founded in the United States in 1960 by Creed Taylor, specializes in the jazz genre.
Tanerau Latimer is a human who played as a flanker in rugby union and specializes in rugby sevens. He was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team and was educated at Tauranga Boys' College.
Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, D.C., which is part of the United States, was established in 1871 and is maintained by the District Department of Transportation. It is located in Washington, D.C., and serves as an avenue within this administrative territorial entity.
Long Ashton railway station is a train station located in Long Ashton, United Kingdom, and it is operated by Great Western Railway. The station is named after the nearby town of Long Ashton.
The 2006 Open de Moselle -- Singles was a men's singles tennis event held in France in 2006.
Joel Aldrich Matteson held the position of Governor of Illinois, serving from a specific start time to an end time, during which he was replaced by another individual after replacing someone else.
The 1976 Thailand Regional Games, which took place in Udon Thani Province, Thailand, during the 1976 sports season of the Thailand National Games, was a multi-sport event.
Shadow of the Colossus, a video game for the PlayStation 4, was published by Sony Interactive Entertainment and developed by Bluepoint Games. It was released on February 8, 2018, and is based on the original Shadow of the Colossus.
The Cricketer, a magazine founded in 1921 in the United Kingdom by Pelham Warner, is edited by Simon Hughes, a cricketer.
Kahili Airfield, an airport located in Papua New Guinea, was officially opened and inaugurated in 1942, and it ceased operations in 1945.
Tony Lloyd held the position of Mayor of Greater Manchester, starting at a specific time and ending at another specific time, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
The Ottawa International Film Festival, which began in 2010, is a film festival held annually in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
"Caricatures of Twenty-five Gentlemen," a written work in English, was authored by Max Beerbohm and published in the United States in 1896.
Concord Rangers F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1967 and plays in the Isthmian League.
Edmonson County High School, part of the Edmonson County Schools district, is a high school located in Kentucky, United States. It was established in 1959.
The Nex CCN Cycling Team, a club cycling team based in Brunei, was founded in 2012 and participates in road bicycle racing; it includes the CCN 2013 team.
The 5th New Brunswick Legislature, an instance of a legislative term in Canada, applied to the jurisdiction of New Brunswick. It succeeded the 4th New Brunswick Legislature and was subsequently replaced by the 6th New Brunswick Legislature.
"White Hot Odyssey" is a hard rock album released in 2004, performed by the band White Hot Odyssey and produced by Steve Perry, the Oregon musician.
The Qatar National Bank Tower is a skyscraper and high-rise building located in Doha, Qatar, and is owned by the QNB Group.
Walenmatt is a mountain located in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland, within the Jura Mountains range. It is a subsidiary peak of Mont Raimeux.
The Aqua Wing Arena, an ice hockey arena in Nagano City, Japan, was established on January 1, 1997.
Aleksey Butarevich is a member of the sports team FC Smolevichi, where his involvement includes a defined start time, end time, and a specific point in time during his tenure with the team.
Memaloose Airport, located in Oregon, United States, was established on January 11, 1949, and is operated by the United States Forest Service.
Massive Incorporated, a business that was founded in 2002, is headquartered in New York City and is owned by Microsoft, which serves as its parent organization.
"The Return of Ultraman" is a Japanese television series created by Tsuburaya Productions and originally aired on the Tokyo Broadcasting System from April 2, 1971, to March 31, 1972.
Marine Corps Air Station Ewa, an air base in the United States, was established on June 18, 1952, and is located in Honolulu County, Hawaii. However, it was dissolved later that year in 1952.
Columbian Harmony Cemetery, located in Washington, D.C., in the United States, was established in 1859 and ceased operations in 1959.
Ahmed Ouyahia, a human who follows Sunni Islam, served as the Prime Minister of Algeria and was educated at El Idrissi High School.
Khooni Shikanja is a horror film from India that was released in the year 2000. The film's music was composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Westroads Mall is a shopping mall located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. It was officially opened on August 1, 1968, and is owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
The San Carlos River is a river located in Arizona, United States, and it flows into the Gila River. The San Carlos River is part of the Gila River basin.
Aurum Hotels operates in Italy, with a specified start time and end time for its operations there.
Cascine is an indie pop record label that was founded in 2010. Its headquarters are located in both New York State and London.
Patrizia Caccamo, a human, is a forward who has played for both ASD Napoli CF and A.S.D. Riviera di Romagna Calcio Femminile.
WWDJ is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, which was founded on January 1, 1935, and is owned by Salem Media Group.
Ben Eoin Provincial Park, located in Cape Breton County, Canada, was established on February 11, 1975, and is part of the Bras d'Or Lake Biosphere Reserve.
Dunwoody High School, part of the DeKalb County School District in Georgia, United States, was founded in 1971 and is a high school in North America.
The 1902 California Golden Bears football team was an American football team that played during the 1902 season in the United States.
Richard F. Kneip is a human who was educated at South Dakota State University and has held positions as the Governor of South Dakota and as an Ambassador. He speaks, writes, and signs in the English language.
James Marshall Unger was educated at the University of Chicago, where he obtained an academic degree at a specific point in time.
"Pamphilia to Amphilanthus" is an English-language poem authored by Lady Mary Wroth and published in 1621. It is now in the public domain.
Charles Coleman Sellers, a human, was educated at both Haverford College and Harvard University, and he received the Bancroft Prize. He is also buried in Philadelphia.
Everett–Stewart Regional Airport, located in Union City, Tennessee, United States, is an airport that was established on January 7, 1943.
Bruce Davey was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work, and statements about this nomination are subjects of discussion.
Joseph Horton is a human citizen of the United Kingdom who plays cricket and is a member of the England cricket team.
Alison O'Donnell, whose family name is O'Donnell, is a human who performs folk music and uses her voice as her primary instrument. She is signed with Deram Records.
"The Christmas Dragon" is a Christmas film from the United States that was published in 2014. The narrative of the film is set in Europe.
Joshua Henry Davidson is a human who has received the awards of Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, and he is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Amrithadhare is a Kannada film from India, produced by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar, with Ramesh Aravind as the screenwriter and Divya Spandana as a cast member.
Jim & Jesse, a bluegrass band also categorized under rock and pop, was formed on January 1, 1945, in the United States and has been associated with Epic Records.
South Plaquemines High School, which is part of the Plaquemines Parish School Board and became operational on January 1, 2006, is a high school located in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
"Heart Half Empty" is an English-language song written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child, and it was performed by Stephanie Bentley. The work originates from the United States.
Eataly, a gastronomy company legally structured as a Società a responsabilità limitata, was founded by Oscar Farinetti and began operations in 2010, forming in Alba, Piedmont.
AS Bakaridjan is an association football club from Mali that was founded in 1989 and plays in the Malian Première Division.
Sichuan University, founded in 1896, is a university located in Chengdu, China. Its main category is listed under Category:Sichuan University.
"Mississippi to Mali" is a blues album performed by Corey Harris and was released on Rounder Records in 2003.
The 2019 Super Formula Championship was a motorsport season that took place in Japan during 2019, as part of the Super Formula Championship series.
Merouane Zemmama is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for Raja Casablanca.
The 1972-73 Buffalo Sabres season was an ice hockey team season for the Buffalo Sabres in the United States, covering the 1972-1973 one-year period.
Groene Leeuw was a professional cycling team from Belgium that was established in 1945 and dissolved in 1969. The team participated in road bicycle racing.
The Daniels College of Business, established in 1908, is a business school located in Colorado, United States, and is affiliated with the University of Denver.
The Paul and Madeleine Weidlinger House, a house in the United States, was built on January 1, 1953, and designed by architect Paul Weidlinger. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The University of Belgrano, founded by Avelino Porto in 1964, is a university located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
"The Shepherd" is a novella published by Hutchinson in the English language. Its main subject is Christmas, and it is distinct from "The Shepherd: Border Patrol."
Ilsinho is a member of Sport Club Internacional, with a defined start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Neale Cooper, a human who speaks English, is both a coach for Gillingham F.C. and a former member of Ross County F.C., and he is the father of Alex Cooper, a footballer.
The Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium, named after the Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization, is a stadium located in Thung Kwao, Phrae, Thailand, and is occupied by Phrae United F.C.
Atil Municipality, with its capital in Atil, was established on December 24, 1934, and is one of the municipalities in Sonora, Mexico.
Visual kei is a music genre that originated in Japan. Although there are slightly different dates mentioned for its inception, it is generally considered to have started around 1990, with some sources specifying January 1, 1995. This genre is categorized under the main category of Visual kei.
"Old Yeller" is a novel written by Fred Gipson and published in the United States. It is a literary work originally written in the English language.
Trimurti Films, a business based in India, was founded on January 1, 1970, in Mumbai, where it also has its headquarters.
"Tabunungda Akaiba Likli" is a film originally published on September 21, 2013, in India. The film, which is in the Meitei language, features Gokul Athokpam as a cast member.
Mikael Ishak is a member of the sports team 1. FC Köln, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The 1883 Buffalo Bisons season was a baseball team season for the Buffalo Bisons, which took place in 1883 in the United States.
The 1970 Atlanta Braves season was a baseball team season during which the Atlanta Braves played in the United States. This season took place in 1970.
Nostromo Defensa is a privately held company that began operations in 2006. It is headquartered in Córdoba, Argentina, and functions as a business enterprise.
The PNG Football Stadium is a sports venue located in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea, where rugby league is played. It is the home stadium of the Papua New Guinea national rugby league team.
"A Thousand Lifetimes" is a Contemporary R&B album performed by Joe Moore and released in English on an unspecified day in 2015.
Sturminster Newton United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1871 and is named after the town of Sturminster Newton.
Amritpal Singh is a human athlete from India who competes in the sport of athletics, specifically in the long jump discipline.
Nick's Bump is an album performed by Ben Sidran and published on Nardis Records in February 2004. The album is in the English language.
The New York Fund is a country rock band that was formed in London, United Kingdom, in 2004.
Potternewton Park is an urban park located in Chapeltown, part of the City of Leeds, United Kingdom. It is maintained by the Leeds City Council.
Richard Henry Lee served as the President of the Continental Congress, replacing one individual and being replaced by another at the start and end of his term.
BlueLine Rental is a company that was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, United States. It operates under the legal form of a company.
Barclaycard, a business founded in 1968, is headquartered in Northampton and operates under its parent organization, Barclays, with a presence in Germany.
"Stuck Between Stations" is a romance film from the United States, originally in English, which features Josh Hartnett in its cast and is set in Minnesota.
The Florida Department of Children and Families, a government agency in the United States, was established in 1996 and is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida, where it applies its jurisdiction.
"Turks & Caicos" is a crime film originally aired on BBC Two, with its country of origin being the United Kingdom. The film is in the English language throughout.
Bill Buckler, a male human, played American football for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team.
Sarah Wells, a human whose given name is Sarah and family name is Wells, is educated at the University of Toronto and participates in the sport of athletics.
Italy participated in the 1978 European Athletics Championships, which took place in 1978, as a nation competing in the sport of athletics.
Sepung Bridge, a concrete bridge located in South Korea, was inaugurated and officially opened in 2014.
The Honduran Cup, a national association football cup in Honduras, was inaugurated in 1968 and its season starts in June.
Victoria Square in Birmingham, United Kingdom, is a town square that was inaugurated in 1994. It is located in Birmingham and is named after Queen Victoria.
Adam Again is an alternative rock band that originated in the United States and was formed in California in 1982.
The Apex Historic District is a historic district located in Apex, North Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district features Renaissance Revival architecture.
The 2013 season of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista was an association football team season that took place in Brazil. This season, which began in 2013, involved the club playing association football.
Freigericht is a municipality in Germany that was established in 1970 and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Main-Kinzig-Kreis. Its main category is Freigericht.
Dominik Szoboszlai, a human and midfielder, has been a member of FC Red Bull Salzburg since July 21, 2017.
Pablo Morillo held the rank of Lieutenant starting at a certain time and ended his tenure as Lieutenant at another time. He also started his service as a Lieutenant General at a specific time and ended it at a different time.
Adrian Pederick is a human who was educated at Urrbrae Agricultural High School and works in South Australia. English is his native language and the primary language he speaks, writes, and signs.
"100 Grand" is an American game show that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). Hosted by Jack Clark, it is a television series belonging to the game show genre and originated in the United States.
Castle Adventure is an adventure video game developed in the United States, which was distributed on floppy disks and played on DOS platforms.
The Land Transport Management Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand and was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament in 2008.
Quiet Elegance is a soul music band that originated in the United States and was founded in 1971. They are signed to Hi Records.
WHLD is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1941, and is located in New York State, United States. It is owned by Cumulus Media.
LibriVox is a virtual library and internet service that serves as a database, founded by Hugh McGuire on August 1, 2005.
The Li Keqiang Government, which succeeded the Hu-Wen Administration, is a government of China that began on March 15, 2013, with its headquarters located in Zhongnanhai.
Paul Geaney, a human, is known for being a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team and has received the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All-Star award.
"Springtime for Pluto" is an English-language cartoon produced by The Walt Disney Company and distributed by RKO Pictures. Originating from the United States, it is part of the collection at the Museum of Modern Art.
Meadowbank ferry wharf is a wharf located in New South Wales, Australia, and it is owned by Roads and Maritime Services while operated by Transdev Sydney Ferries.
London Tradition, a fashion design business founded by Mamun Chowdhury in 2001, has its headquarters in Homerton.
"Signore delle cime" is an Italian song written by Bepi De Marzi and published in 1958. The song is originally from Italy and is in the Italian language.
"Birds of North America," a TV series primarily focused on conservation ethics and birdwatching, is in English and originally aired on YouTube. One of its cast members is Wyatt Cenac.
Adrian Banaszek is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Musashino Art University, founded in 1962, is a university located in Tokyo, Japan, with its main category being Musashino Art University.
The Sardegna Arena, located in Cagliari, Italy, is a stadium that officially opened on September 10, 2017, and is occupied by the football club Cagliari Calcio.
POSB Bank, a financial business headquartered in Singapore, was founded on January 1, 1877, and is owned by DBS Bank.
Uwins Island is an island located in the Bonaparte Archipelago, situated in Munster Water and within the administrative territory of Western Australia, in Australia.
The European Association of Development Research and Training Institutes, a registered association in Germany, was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Bonn.
The 1998 Detroit Shock season was a basketball team season that took place in the United States, specifically during the women's sports competition class in 1998.
"Mississippi Rising" is a television show directed by Paul Miller and originally aired on MSNBC in the United States, with MSNBC also serving as its distributor.
Kahkashan is a Hindi television show directed by Jalal Agha, which originally aired on DD National in India.
The Coinage Act of 1849, an Act of Congress legislated by the 30th United States Congress, was signed into law by President Harry S. Truman and applies to the jurisdiction of the United States.
Patrice Noukeu is a member of the sports team K.A.A. Gent, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another time. However, the specific start and end times are mentioned twice each, but not provided concretely in the given information.
Craig Simon, a male human born on April 17, 1973, is a rugby league player.
"Blind Massage," a film originally in the Chinese language and produced in both France and China, received the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film. The narrative of the film is set in Nanjing.
The Binaural Tour was a concert tour by the American band Pearl Jam, which originated in the United States. The tour started on 23 May 2000 and ended on 6 November 2000.
Ligabue is an Italian film directed for television, originally aired on Rai 1 in Italy. The director of photography is Roberto Gerardi, and Renzo Palmer is among the cast members.
Huddersfield Grammar School, an independent school in the United Kingdom, was established on March 7, 1958, and is located in Kirklees, United Kingdom.
Bangabasi Morning College, a higher education institution in India, was established in 1965 and is located in Kolkata, specifically in the Kolkata district.
Alqas Mirza is a male human who served as a general officer and was part of the Safavid dynasty. His father is Ismail I.
Marlee Matlin received the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work, and this achievement is noted as a significant subject of her biography.
Northwest Kidney Centers, a business founded in 1962 by Belding Hibbing Scribner, is headquartered in Seattle, United States.
Interior FC, an association football club that plays in the GFA League First Division, was founded in 2002 and plays its home games at the Box Bar Stadium.
Daniel Rosolio is a human who goes by the given name Daniel. He holds the position of Knesset member and works at the University of Haifa, where he speaks and writes in the Hebrew language.
The Greenland Airport Authority, a state-owned enterprise founded in 1988, operates as a fixed-base operator with its headquarters located in Nuuk.
Drusti Parish is a parish in Latvia, with its capital in Drusti, and it is located within the Rauna Municipality. Its main category is listed under the Drusti parish category.
The Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, established on January 1, 1895, is an entity within the United States and is located in Pennsylvania, where it applies its jurisdiction. It is also an example of agriculture ministries.
FK Polimlje, an association football club from Serbia, was founded in 1926 and plays in the Drina Zone League.
"Business Center" is a television show that originally aired on CNBC Asia in Singapore, with its broadcast时段从2000年到2005年。\n\n为了使描述更加流畅自然，可以这样表述：\n"Business Center" is a television show that originally aired on CNBC Asia in Singapore, running from 2000 to 2005.
Berlin Alexanderplatz station is adjacent to Berlin Hackescher Markt station and is connected to it via multiple lines.
"Girls Are Out to Get You" is a funk song published in 1967, performed by The Fascinations and produced by Curtis Mayfield.
Catalunya al Senat was a parliamentary group with a focus on Catalan nationalism that was established in 1982 in Spain but was dissolved by 1983.
The Film School of the Aristotle University, which is part of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, was established in 2004 and is located in the municipality of Thessaloniki, Greece.
The 2015 Shenzhen landslide, which occurred on December 20, 2015, is a landslide that took place in the Guangming District of Shenzhen, China.
"Rocket 88" is an English-language song with lyrics and composition by Jackie Brenston, produced by Sam Phillips, and based on "Cadillac Boogie."
Blobby Volley is a sports video game that was published on November 1, 2000, for the MacOS platform under the GNU General Public License.
Luxembourg participated in the 1968 Summer Olympics as part of its Olympic delegation, competing in various Olympic sports. This delegation represented Luxembourg on January 1, 1968, although the actual games took place later that year.
The Francis Land House, a house located in Virginia, United States, was built in 1986 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Ladies' Trophy was a women's tennis tournament held as part of the WTA Premier series, organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It took place at the Sibur Arena and featured competition for female athletes.
Atmosfair, an organization based in Germany with its headquarters in Bonn, was founded in 2005 and is a member of the Initiative Transparent Civil Society.
Kovach Island is an island located in the Drake Passage and is part of the South Shetland Islands in Antarctica. It falls within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Kenmore State High School, a state school located in Queensland, Australia, was established in 1972.
Mill Woods Park is an urban park located in Alberta, Canada, and it is owned by Edmonton. The park was officially opened in 1982.
The 1946--47 Detroit Red Wings season was a one-year period during which the Detroit Red Wings, an ice hockey team based in the United States, played ice hockey.
Daporijo is a human settlement in India that was established on June 19, 1991, and it serves as the capital of the Upper Subansiri district.
The 1946 Chicago Cubs season was a baseball team season for the Chicago Cubs in the United States, taking place in 1946.
S.A. Engineering College, established in 1998, is an engineering school located in Tamil Nadu, India, and is affiliated with Anna University.
The Tao Group, a software company, was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom.
Idridgehay railway station, named after the area of Idridgehay, is a train station that opened in 2008 and is located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
The Algona Brownies, a baseball team based in the United States, were founded on January 1, 1902, and played in the Western Independent Clubs league.
Kepez Belediyesi S.K. is a basketball team based in Kepez, Antalya, Turkey. They play in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
Rockets Red Glare is a Canadian alternative rock band that was formed in 1999. They are signed with Sick Room Records.
Navia CF is a Spanish association football club that was founded in 1960 and plays in the Tercera División league.
The Royal Danish Ballet, a ballet company based in Denmark, was founded on January 1, 1748, and its headquarters are located at Kongens Nytorv.
Binham is a village and civil parish located in North Norfolk, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Binham.
The Castaways Hotel and Casino, a skyscraper in the United States, was inaugurated on January 1, 1954, and is located in Nevada, serving as a hotel.
The Publishing and Trade Centre "Marka," established in 1857, is a joint-stock company headquartered in Moscow. It is an enterprise engaged in business activities.
Norwest Corporation, a company legally formed in the United States, was founded in 1929 and has its headquarters in Minneapolis.
989 Studios, a subsidiary in the video game industry, is headquartered in Los Angeles and operates under the parent organization Sony Interactive Entertainment, following the legacy of Sony Imagesoft.
The Language Inspectorate is a government agency based in Tallinn, Estonia, with its legal form being an inspectorate. It is part of the Ministry of Education and Research.
Ballabeg station, an instance of a train station located in the Isle of Man, United Kingdom, was officially opened on 23 July 1877 and closed on 1 January 1965.
John Tresse is a male human who works as a handball coach in the sport of handball.
Umsaskis Lake is a lake located in Aroostook County, Maine, United States, with inflows from the Allagash River. The lake is situated within the United States and is part of its administrative territorial entity.
Kandi Technologies, a business in the automotive industry, was founded on April 19, 2013, and is headquartered in Jinhua. Its stock is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Margaret Chalmers, a female citizen of the Kingdom of Great Britain, was born in Lerwick and is an instance of a human.
Barkmere, Quebec, which is part of the Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality in Canada, is a city or town that was established on March 24, 1926, and shares a border with Montcalm, Quebec.
WKKC, a radio station in the United States, was established in 1979 and is located in Illinois. It is owned by the City Colleges of Chicago.
Rouen Business School, founded in 1871, is a business school located in Mont-Saint-Aignan, Rouen, France.
The Jenolan River is a river in New South Wales, Australia, which flows into the Coxs River and is a tributary of the Mumbedah River.
The Geometric Centre of Slovenia, located in Slivna and part of the Municipality of Litija, is a registered immovable cultural heritage site in Slovenia. It is an instance of a geographical centre.
Novosti a.d., a mass media business established in 1953, is headquartered in Belgrade and is owned by the Government of Serbia.
Takahiro Tanio, a human who studied at Shizuoka University, plays as a forward for the sports team Fujieda MYFC.
Sahuaro Ranch, a historic ranch located in Glendale, Arizona, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Khrapov is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Fairmont Monte Carlo is a hotel in Spain that was inaugurated on August 20, 1975, and began operations in 1975, under the management of Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
The 2010 Oregon gubernatorial election, which took place on November 2, 2010, in the United States, resulted in John Kitzhaber becoming the successful candidate for the position of Governor of Oregon.
"Taste of China" is a documentary film that was originally published on January 1, 2015. It is a Chinese production in Standard Chinese.
KEGE (FM) is a radio station located in California, United States, which began broadcasting on January 1, 2006, and is licensed to serve Hamilton City, California.
The Fersman Mineralogical Museum, named after Alexander Fersman, is a geological museum located in Moscow, Russia. It was established in 1716.
The 1987 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament edition held in the United Kingdom during the 1987 sports season as part of the Bristol Open competition.
Blanca Soria Morales, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and a human who speaks Spanish, works in Mexico City.
" Tiger Woods" is a book authored by Jeff Benedict and published on January 1, 2018, by Simon & Schuster in the United States.
"A Place to Stay" is a song published on January 1, 2010, performed by Jenny Silver. It originates from Sweden and is followed by another song titled "Something in Your Eyes" also performed by Jenny Silver.
The Osaka Maritime Museum, located in Osaka, Japan, was established in the year 2000 and is an architectural creation by Paul Andreu.
Chet Brooks, a human, played as a safety for the San Francisco 49ers in gridiron football.
"Nai Nabhannu La" is a Nepali-language film from Nepal, which was released in 2014. Jiwan Luitel is a cast member in the film.
Kittanning, Pennsylvania, which was founded in 1803, is a borough that serves as the capital of Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Mossis Madu is a human who was educated at Norman High School and plays as a running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the United States.
The Taunton Public Library, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a library with historical significance, having been designed by architect Albert Randolph Ross and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Lonesome Luke's Lively Life" is a silent film from the United States, produced by Hal Roach and featuring Bebe Daniels in the cast. The film is now in the public domain.
Fantasy Pieces for Clarinet and Piano, composed by Robert Schumann, was conceived and published in 1849. This suite is written for clarinet and piano.
Masashi Kita is a male human who was born in Japan and works as a mixed martial artist, participating in the sport of mixed martial arts.
Alec Guinness received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama for his work, which was recognized at a specific point in time.
Woburn Sands railway station is a train station named after Woburn Sands and is located in Woburn Sands, United Kingdom. It is operated by London Midland.
The 1978 Yale Bulldogs football team was an American football team that played during the 1978 season in the United States.
The Captain Moses W. Collyer House is a historic house located in New York State, United States, known for its Victorian architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2001 Summer Universiade was a multi-sport event that took place in the summer of 2001 in Beijing. It was part of the Universiade series of competitions.
The 1995 Topper South American Open was a tennis tournament edition held in Argentina as part of the ATP Buenos Aires series, taking place in 1995.
André Steensen is a member of the Cult Energy Pro Cycling team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Parrott Hall is a historic house located in New York State, United States, known for its Renaissance Revival architectural style. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dimitri Tatanashvili is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Tbilisi, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Mitchell Stokes is a human who plays cricket and has been a member of both the Wiltshire County Cricket Club and the Hampshire County Cricket Club.
The Atacama Desert is a desert in Chile that is part of the Pacific desert and listed as an ecoregion in the World Wildlife Fund's classification. It is also categorized under the main category of Atacama Desert.
Iryna Farion served as a People's Deputy of Ukraine, representing an electoral district during a specific parliamentary term which started at a certain time and ended at another.
The Little Pudding River is a river located in Marion County, Oregon, United States. Its mouth empties into the Pudding River, and it is part of the Willamette River basin.
The 2000 World Golf Championships (WGC) Andersen Consulting Match Play Championship, held in the United States, was a golf tournament where Darren Clarke emerged as the winner. This event was an instance of the WGC Match Play and took place in 2000.
Victor Konwlo is a member of the sports team AZ Alkmaar, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The United States Post Office in Hempstead, New York, is a post office designed by architects Tooker & Marsh and is located in New York state, United States. It is also designated as a historic place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1990 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup was a tennis tournament edition held in 1990 as part of the ATP Long Island series, organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
UE Sants, an association football club based in Spain, was founded in 1922 and plays in the Primera Catalana league.
The 1997 Omani general election, which took place on October 16, 1997, was a legislative election in Oman where candidates competed for seats as Members of the Consultative Assembly of Oman.
Granville, Vermont, which is part of Addison County, Vermont, in the United States, was established on August 2, 1781, and it shares a border with Roxbury, Vermont.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1795, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on January 15, 2008, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1794 and is followed by Resolution 1796.
Airglades Airport, an airport in Clewiston, Florida, was established on January 3, 1942, and serves the transportation needs of the area within the United States.
Yilan Brick Kiln, a manufacturing factory located in Yilan City, Taiwan, was established on January 1, 1938.
"Everything Changes," an album by Julian Lennon, was released on compact disc in 2011. It falls under the rock music genre and is performed by Julian Lennon himself.
Boffo Games was a video game developer that operated in the United States from 1994 until it dissolved in 1997, contributing to the video game industry.
Zhivko Dinev is a member of the sports team OFC Sliven 2000, with his membership starting and ending at specific times, though the exact dates for both the start and end times are not provided.
Tin Maung Win, a male politician born on February 21, 1955, is a member of the National League for Democracy.
"Shady Deal at Sunny Acres" is a Western episode directed by Leslie H. Martinson and originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company. It was produced under the supervision of executive producer William T. Orr.
The Stanislavski Russian Theatre of Yerevan, located in Yerevan, Armenia, is a theater that was inaugurated and officially opened in 1937.
Centro Sportivo Maruinense, an association football club based in Brazil, was founded on January 1, 1917, and is headquartered in Maruim.
Bernd Kager, a human, is a midfielder who played for SK Austria Klagenfurt in 2007.
The Isaac T. Hopper House is a historic house located in Manhattan, New York, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
"The Giant Horse of Oz" is an English-language book that follows "The Gnome King of Oz" and is followed by "Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz." It is part of the series "List of Oz books" and was illustrated by John R. Neill.
Polyrock is a rock and pop band that was formed in New York City in 1978. They are known for their new wave music and are from the United States.
The Beaver Creek Bridge in Schleswig, Iowa, is a road bridge designed by H. Gene McKeown & Assoc. and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Located in the United States, it is part of the state of Iowa.
Pony Up is an indie pop band that was formed in Montreal, Canada, in 2002.
Michael Butler is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, with a specified start time for his membership but with duplicate entries for both the start and end times, suggesting there might be a need to provide specific dates for clarity. Assuming the intent was to indicate both start and end times exist, we can say:\n\nMichael Butler joined the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team and has both a start and an end time for his membership with the team.
The Northern Peninsula Area Region is a local government area of Queensland, Australia, which was established in 2008. It is located in Queensland and its main category is Northern Peninsula Area Region.
Frederik de Wit, a Dutch cartographer who spoke and wrote in Dutch, was known for his notable work, the Stedenatlas De Wit, and he conducted his work in Amsterdam. He was also part of the Frederik de Wit family.
Knowledge Ecology International, a nonprofit organization based in the United States, was founded in 2006, with James Love serving as its director. Note that there appears to be some discrepancy regarding the exact year of inception, but the most recent and likely accurate date provided is 2006.
Hal Partenheimer was a member of the Detroit Express, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times for the team. However, the exact start and end times are mentioned twice each without specific dates provided.
"Lucy Temple" is a novel written in the English language by Susanna Rowson and is named after the character Lucy.
The Organ Festival of Braga, a music festival that is part of a recurring event, was first held in 2014 and is located in Braga, Portugal.
The Créteil International Women's Film Festival, which began in 1978, is an annual film festival held in March in Créteil, France.
The Men's Pro Challenger at Tunica National is a recurring tennis tournament held at Tunica Resorts in Mississippi, United States. It is a subclass of tennis tournaments and is part of the sport of tennis.
"Forever in My Heart" is a television series from the Philippines, originally aired in Tagalog on the GMA Network, which also created the show.
Hull High School, part of the Hull Public Schools district, is a high school located in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1964.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program is an award in the United States that was first introduced in 1959. It is a subclass of the Primetime Emmy Award and is conferred by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School, which was established in 1873, is located in Osaka, Japan, and is part of the Osaka Prefectural Education Center. Despite being referred to as a high school, the term used here typically applies to educational institutions in North America.
The Tonga National Rugby League, a sports governing body in Tonga, was established in 1949 and governs rugby league competitions in the country.
WMQT is a radio station that began operating in January 1971 and is licensed to broadcast to Marquette, Michigan, in the United States.
Heublein Tower is a museum located in Connecticut, United States, designed by architects Smith & Bassette. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Jazz," an album performed by Wallace Roney and released under HighNote Records, is a jazz album that was published in 2007.
Jasper National Park has been designated as a Dark-sky preserve, approved and conferred by relevant authorities, with the designation starting at a specific time.
David Feffer, a male human, is a businessperson who was educated at Mackenzie Presbyterian University. His given name is David.
"The Thaw" is a novelette written by Tanith Lee and published on January 1, 1979. It is a literary work in the novel genre and is written in the English language.
RapidMind, a business founded by Stefanus Du Toit in 2004, was formed and has its headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario.
The 1936 Washington Huskies football team was an American football team that played during the 1936 season in the United States.
SU Agen Football, an association football club based in France, was founded in 1922 and currently plays in the Championnat National 3 league.
Lambung Mangkurat University, founded in 1958, is a university located in Banjarmasin, Indonesia, with its headquarters also situated in the same city.
The Portugal Fed Cup team is a national sports team that represents Portugal in women's tennis competitions, specifically participating in the Fed Cup.
Plum Brandy, which depicts a coffee scene, is owned by both Charles Deudon and Paul Mellon, and it is part of the collection at the National Gallery of Art.
The 1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse was an edition of the tennis tournament held in France, taking place in 1995 and being part of the Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse series.
Action for Children's Television, an organization founded by Peggy Charren, was established on January 1, 1968, and is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts.
Francis Tomkinson is a human who plays cricket for the England cricket team and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
"Desk Top Hard Lock" is a Japanese-language album performed by Hikaru Kotobuki and published on DIW Records in January 1994.
Persipo Purwakarta is an association football club based in Indonesia that plays in the Liga Indonesia Second Division. The club's sport is association football, and they play their home games at Purnawarman Stadium.
Tony Casillas, an American human, received the Lombardi Award and played for the Dallas Cowboys.
Loudon, Tennessee, founded in 1790, is a city located in Loudon County, Tennessee, and serves as the county seat. It is part of the United States.
The PooPoo PeePee Tour was a concert tour by the band Blink-182, which originated from the United States. The tour began on July 27, 1998, and ended on October 25, 1998.
The Weston County Courthouse, designed by architect Charles A. Randall, is a courthouse located in Wyoming, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gmina Jastków is a rural municipality located in Lublin County, Poland, and it shares a border with Gmina Niemce. Its main category is listed under the Gmina Jastków category.
Hwado Station, a train station in North Korea, was inaugurated and officially opened on July 1, 1938, and is owned by the Korean State Railway.
The 1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team was a baseball team season for the Texas Longhorns club in the United States, playing during the 1950 season.
The Hanshin 9000 series is a class of electric multiple units operated by Hanshin Electric Railway. Manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Rolling Stock Company, this series entered service in 1996.
Larry Ned, a human who played as a running back for the Minnesota Vikings, was educated at San Diego State University.
"The Last Horse Carriage in Berlin" is a film set and filmed in Berlin, Germany, directed by photography by Tony Frenguelli and featuring Lupu Pick in the cast.
Aleppo Eyalet, an administrative division (eyalet) of the Ottoman Empire, was established on January 1, 1534, with its capital in Aleppo, and it was abolished in 1864.
Van Vredenburg Farm is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm features Greek Revival architecture.
Doomtree is a hip hop collective from the United States that produces hip hop and alternative hip hop music, and it includes the artist Dessa.
Skynyrd Frynds is a country rock compilation album published on January 1, 1994, by MCA Records in the United States.
Railroad Tigers is a film originating from China, primarily spoken in Mandarin Chinese, with narrative locations set in Shandong. The cast includes He Yunwei and Hiroyuki Ikeuchi.
Wilton House Museum, a historic house located in Virginia, United States, was built in 1750 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
KUDL is a radio station located in California, United States, which was founded on January 1, 1957, and is owned by Entercom.
Scarborough Country is an English-language television show that originally aired on MSNBC in the United States, with Joe Scarborough as its presenter.
The 2010 Women's World Open Squash Championship was a women's sports event held in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, as part of the World Squash Championships. It took place in 2010 and featured squash as the sport.
Jean Monet, the son of Claude Monet and Camille Doncieux, is a human who has a sibling named Michel Monet and was married to Blanche Hoschedé Monet.
Century was an automobile manufacturer that began operations in 1912 and was headquartered in Detroit, United States. The company ceased operations in 1915.
"The Summer Is Magic" is a Eurodance single performed by Playahitty and produced by Emanuele Asti, which was published on July 28, 1994.
The Charlotte Lady Eagles, an association football club based in the United States, was founded in 2003 and competes in women's association football.
"Don 2: The King is Back" is a video game developed by Gameshastra and published by Excel Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, which was released on February 2, 2013.
Unicorn is a Japanese rock band that originated in Japan and was founded in 1986. They are signed with Sony Music Entertainment Japan and perform in the rock music genre.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2103, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on 22 May 2013, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 2102 and is followed by Resolution 2104.
Koulpélogo Province, an administrative division of the Centre-Est Region in Burkina Faso, has its capital in Ouargaye and is categorized under the main category of "Category:Koulpélogo Province."
Tokyo Sogensha, a business based in Japan, was established on February 1, 1948, with its headquarters in Tokyo. It is also a member of Shuppan Azusakai.
Leningrad is a ska punk band named after the city of Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) and formed in Saint Petersburg. The band's main category is Leningrad (band), and it includes Sergey Shnurov as a member.
Pivit is a punk rock band that was formed in San Diego, United States, in 1994.
Seacliff railway station, located in South Australia, Australia, is a train station that officially opened in 1915 and connects to the Seaford railway line.
Sophie Dodemont, a human participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics, competed in the women's archery team event.
Gulripshi District is a district in the Republic of Abkhazia, with its capital being Gulripshi. It is part of the administrative territorial entity of the Republic of Abkhazia and shares a border with the Sukhumi District.
"Terra di nessuno" is an album by Francesco De Gregori, released on Columbia Records in 1987. It follows his previous album, "Scacchi e tarocchi."
The Madison Green Historic District, located in Madison, Connecticut, United States, is a historic district that includes the Deacon John Grave House and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Hongdong West railway station is a train station in China, operated by China Railway Taiyuan Group, which connects to the Datong--Xi'an passenger railway. It is adjacent to Huozhou East railway station.
The Oaks Airfield, an airport located in New South Wales, Australia, is named after The Oaks, New South Wales, and serves the transportation needs of that area.
Ismael Ordaz Jiménez, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and a human who speaks Spanish, works in Mexico City.
Cherokee High School, located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1975 and is part of the Lenape Regional High School District.
Chandos Lake is a lake located in Ontario, Canada, with its outflow leading to the Crowe River. The lake is situated within Canadian territory and is part of the country's geographical features.
TeraView, a business founded in 2001 by Michael Pepper, is headquartered in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
Great Dunham is a village and civil parish located in the Breckland District of the United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Great Dunham.
Plaza West Covina is a shopping mall located in California, United States. It was inaugurated and officially opened in 1975.
Cines del Sur is a film festival that was inaugurated in June 2001 in Granada, Spain.
Molson Brewery, founded by John Molson, is a joint-stock company in the brewing industry that produces beer. It is a subsidiary of Molson Coors Brewing Company.
KMHD, a radio station owned by Mt. Hood Community College and located in Oregon, United States, was established in 1984.
Harpenden Common Golf Club is a golf club located in Harpenden, United Kingdom, where it also has its headquarters. The club is involved in the sport of golf.
WFCF is a radio station that was established in January 1993 and is located in Florida, United States. It is owned by Flagler College.
The Oxford Rugby League, which began in 2012, is a sports league in the United Kingdom that competes in both rugby league and rugby union.
Alonsotegi is a municipality in Spain, located in the Greater Bilbao administrative territorial entity. It was established in 1191 and shares a border with Arrankudiaga.
Betty Degner is a female human who was born in Amboy, Illinois. She is a baseball player and her occupation is playing baseball.
"Oculus Sacerdotis," a book written in Latin by William of Pagula, was published in the Kingdom of England in 1320.
The Heavy Pets is a rock band that was formed in Goshen, New York, in 2005. They are based in the United States and play rock music.
XEQ-FM is a radio station that was founded on January 1, 1957, and is located in Mexico City, Mexico. It is owned by Radiópolis.
Kinel is a city/town in Russia that was founded on January 1, 1837. It is located in the Kinel Urban Area and serves as the capital of the Kinelsky District.
Tell City, Indiana, is a city located in Perry County, Indiana, within the United States. It was founded on July 1, 1857, and serves as the county seat of Perry County.
Gary Spani, a human who was educated at Kansas State University, played as a linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Teach For America, a nonprofit organization founded in 1989 by Wendy Kopp, is based in the United States with its headquarters in New York City.
The International Journal of Mass Spectrometry, a scientific journal published in the English language, was founded in 1968 and is published by Elsevier. Its main focus is on mass spectrometry.
Matsumoto City Gymnasium is an arena located in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan. It is owned and operated by Matsumoto, Nagano.
"Braveheart" received an Academy Award for Best Cinematography, making it both a nominee and the winner of this award. The film's achievement in this category is a notable subject of discussion.
Raymond Stross is a male human who was born in Leeds and educated at Abingdon School.
Kathanayaki is a romantic comedy film directed by K. Ramnoth and produced by T. R. Sundaram. The film, which is in the Tamil language, originates from India.
Petite Mustique is an island located in the Caribbean, part of the Grenadines in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and situated within the Grenadines Parish.
"Bhavna" is a Hindi drama film from India, written by Mushtaq Jalili and featuring Shabana Azmi in the cast.
Tyndale Bulletin is a scientific journal that originated in England and was first published on January 1, 1956. It is published by Tyndale House in Cambridge and is written in the English language.
Vestnik Evropy was edited by Mikhail Stasyulevich, who started and ended his tenure as the editor during specified times. However, the exact start and end times are not provided in the given information.
The 2018 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team was an American football team that played during the 2018 season in the United States.
Linn Run State Park, established in 1909, is a Pennsylvania state park located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It falls under IUCN category III as a natural monument or feature.
Kingswear railway station, named after Kingswear, is a train station located in Kingswear, United Kingdom, and it officially opened in 1864.
Will Little, whose given name is William, is a human who was educated at Science Hill High School and Milligan College, and he works for Major League Baseball.
Leandro Sapetti, a human who plays as a defender for Club Atlético Temperley, speaks Spanish.
Skyline Sports Complex is a sports venue located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It is owned by Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and occupied by Penn FC.
Brad Schneider was educated at Northwestern University, where he earned an academic degree.
"Punching Henry" is a comedy film from the United States, originally in English, which was published on March 13, 2016.
The Budapest City Archives, established on January 1, 1873, is a municipal archive located in Budapest, Hungary.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1361, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on July 5, 2001, follows Resolution 1360 and is followed by Resolution 1362.
Chuncheon Civic Stadium is a stadium located in Chuncheon, South Korea, which was officially opened in 1980. It is currently occupied by Ulsan Hyundai FC.
Club Rachad Bernoussi, an association football club based in Morocco, was founded in 1961 and plays in the Botola 2 league.
The Stehekin River is a river located within North Cascades National Park in Washington state, United States. Its mouth empties into Lake Chelan.
The Bulgarian Development Bank, a national development bank headquartered in Sofia, was established in 1999 and operates in the financial services industry in Bulgaria.
Tres Chicas is a band that began in 1999 and specializes in country music. They are based in the United States and are signed with Yep Roc Records.
Adina World Beat Beverages, a business in the drink industry, was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in San Francisco, where it also formed.
Street Hall, an architectural structure in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, was built in 1864 and was designed by architect Peter Bonnett Wight.
Easter Jet, an airline based in South Korea with its headquarters in the Gangseo District of Seoul, was established in 2007 and operates with a hub at Gimpo International Airport.
The 1880 Buffalo Bisons season was a baseball team season for the Buffalo Bisons in the United States, taking place in 1880.
Irvine Bank Street railway station is a train station located in Irvine, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom, and it is operated by the Caledonian Railway.
Tianjin Dongli F.C., an association football club based in China, was founded on January 1, 2006, and plays in the China League Two.
Alfie is an indie rock band that was formed in Manchester in 1999 and is signed to Twisted Nerve Records.
FC Lashyn is an association football club from Kazakhstan that was founded in 2009 and plays in the Kazakhstan First Division.
Mississauga Power, a basketball team based in Canada, was founded in 2011 and plays their home games at the Paramount Fine Foods Centre.
Harriet Pollatsek was educated at the University of Michigan, where she earned an academic degree in a specific major under the guidance of her doctoral advisor at a particular point in time.
Martha Logan is a fictional television character portrayed by actress Jean Smart in the TV series "24." She is depicted as having a partner named Aaron Pierce.
Belén F.C., an association football club based in Costa Rica, was founded on June 13, 1979, and plays in the Liga FPD.
Berlin Westkreuz station is adjacent to Berlin-Charlottenburg station and is connected to it via a connecting line.
Moorestown High School, part of the Moorestown Township Public Schools district, was established on January 1, 1904, and is located in New Jersey, United States.
The 1928 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team was an American football team that played during the 1928 season in the United States.
Chaker Alhadhur is a member of the sports team Stade Malherbe Caen, with a specified start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Manazuru, Kanagawa is a town and municipality in Japan, located in the Ashigarashimo District of Kanagawa Prefecture. Its main category is listed under the Category:Manazuru, Kanagawa.
The 1912 Oklahoma Sooners football team was an American football team season that took place in the United States during the 1912 season.
The Homi Bhabha National Institute, a deemed university located in Mumbai, India, was founded by the Department of Atomic Energy and came into existence in 2005.
The Bedford Road Historic District is a historic district located in New York State, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features Greek Revival architecture.
Kerala Panineeyam is a book written by A.R. Raja Raja Varma and published in 1896. It is originally from India and is written in Malayalam.
Field Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, and it is part of the Arctic Archipelago. It is situated in or next to Frobisher Bay.
Redeemer's University Nigeria, located in Lagos, was established in 2005 and is categorized under the main category "Category:Redeemer's University." It is a university based in Nigeria.
Alsunga Municipality, which became a municipality of Latvia in 2009, is located in Latvia with its capital in Alsunga.
"That is NOT a Good Idea!" is a children's literature book authored by Mo Willems and published on January 1, 2013, in the United States.
Sirens is a British contemporary R&B band that was formed in Newcastle upon Tyne in 2003 and is signed with Kitchenware Records.
The Coupe Dodge is an ice hockey tournament for women that was established in 2003 in Canada.
Manuel Burgos, a human, held the position of Vice President of Paraguay and was a member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party.
David Lovell is a human who plays cricket for Wales and is a member of the Wales Minor Counties Cricket Club. His given name is David.
The 2001 Wisconsin Badgers football team was an American football team season that took place in the United States during the 2001 academic year.
Goytre United F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, playing in the Welsh Football League Division One. Their home venue is Glenhafod Park Stadium.
IHH Healthcare, a business headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, was established on January 1, 1974.
Huju Chongnyon Station is a train station in North Korea that was officially opened on November 27, 1987. It is owned by the Korean State Railway and connected to the Pukpu Line.
Barkchi is an association football club that was founded in 2006 and plays in the Tajikistan Higher League. The club's headquarters are located in Dushanbe.
The Pine Leaf Boys are a musical ensemble from the United States, specializing in Cajun music and recorded under Arhoolie Records. The group includes Wilson Savoy as a member.
Lache Seastrunk is a human who played American football as a running back for the Calgary Stampeders and was educated at Temple High School in Texas.
The West Coast Pirates, a rugby league team based in Australia, were founded in 2012 and compete in both rugby league and rugby union.
Argentino de Mendoza, an association football club based in Argentina, was founded on January 10, 1925, and currently plays in the Torneo Argentino C league.
Wembley Central station is adjacent to Stonebridge Park station and is connected to it via a connecting line, with services traveling towards Stonebridge Park station.
Chacaltaya is a mountain located in the La Paz Department of Bolivia, part of the Cordillera Real mountain range in South America.
Moscow State Forest University, founded in 1919, is a university located in Moscow, Russia, with its main focus on forestry education.
Nightwing is a progressive rock band that originated in the United Kingdom, forming in the United Kingdom in 1978.
The Kaidatsky Bridge is a road bridge located in Dnipro, Ukraine, which officially opened on November 10, 1982, and spans the Dnieper river.
Vladimir Sournin, a human citizen of the United States, plays chess for the country and is known by the given name Vladimir.
Billy Brawn, a human with the given name Billy, is a member of both Chelsea F.C. and Aston Villa F.C., representing England in sports.
Far East Organization, a business founded by Ng Teng Fong in 1962, has its headquarters in Singapore and operates in the retail industry.
Rice & Hutchins, a business founded in 1866 by William B. Rice, is headquartered in Boston, United States.
The Mitsubishi Galant is a car model that is part of Mitsubishi Motors' family car series, originating from Japan and manufactured by the company.
Vernon Township High School, part of the Vernon Township School District, was established in 1975 and is located in Vernon Township, New Jersey, United States.
Shiozawa is a town in the Minami-Uonuma District of Niigata, Japan. It is a human settlement located in Japan and is distinct from any other place named Shiozawa.
Pedro Cateriano served as the Prime Minister of Peru, starting at a specific time and ending at another, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
ESM Koléa, an association football club based in Algeria, was founded in 1946 and plays in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur.
José Yudica is a member of the sports team Talleres de Remedios de Escalada, with both a specified start time and end time for his membership.
The HNZ Group, a Canadian airline founded in 1987, has its headquarters in Les Cèdres, Quebec, and its stocks are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Gilles Fortin is a human who is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and speaks English. His full name is Gilles Fortin, with "Gilles" being his given name and "Fortin" his family name.
"Storm in a Cocoon" is a television drama produced in Hong Kong by TVB, which aired in Cantonese and ended on March 28, 2014.
Baldwin Street is a street in Dunedin, New Zealand, named after William Baldwin, a New Zealand politician. It is located in the administrative territorial entity of Otago and is known for being a prominent feature categorized under Baldwin Street, Dunedin.
Manuel Schwenk is a human who plays football for Holstein Kiel in the 2. Bundesliga and is also a member of the Germany national under-18 football team.
The 1973 Boise State Broncos football team was an American football team that played during the 1973 season in the United States.
Jimm is an instant messaging client that was first developed in 2004. It runs on the Java virtual machine and is programmed using the Java language. Jimm is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Birmingham Athletics, a basketball team based in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 2004, and competes in the English Basketball League.
Davide Facchin is a member of the sports team F.C. Pavia, where he was acquired through a specific transaction. His tenure with the team includes a defined start time and an end time.
The 1957 Louisville Cardinals football team was an American football team that played during the 1957 season in the United States.
Gagan Dosanjh, whose family name is Dosanjh, is a human who plays as a midfielder and is a member of both the Fraser Valley Mariners and FC Edmonton.
M Financial Group, a privately held company founded by Peter W. Mullin in 1978, has its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.
McMullin Island is an island located in the Windmill Islands, which is part of the Antarctic Treaty area in Antarctica. It is situated next to the Southern Ocean.
Katsuo Okazaki held the position of Chief Cabinet Secretary, serving from a specific start time to an end time during which he was replaced by someone else after replacing another individual.
BM Ciudad Real is a handball team from Spain that was founded in 1981. They play their home games at the Quijote Arena.
The Center Street Bridge is a road bridge located in Oregon, United States. It officially opened on July 30, 1918, and spans the Willamette River.
Bo Harris, a human with the given name Bo and the surname Harris, played as a linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals.
The Cessna 162 Skycatcher is an aircraft model manufactured by Cessna, with its first flight on October 13, 2006, and entering service on December 1, 2009.
Mount Stevenson is a mountain located in the Absaroka Range within Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming, United States.
The Beallsville Historic District is a historic district located in Beallsville, Pennsylvania, United States, known for its Renaissance Revival architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1994 Oklahoma Sooners football team was an American football team season based in the United States, playing during the 1994 season as part of the Oklahoma Sooners club.
Gene Corum, a male human, played American football for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
The 1936 Wimbledon Championships mixed doubles was a tennis event that took place as part of the 1936 Wimbledon Championships, featuring a mixed doubles competition in tennis during that year.
Jiangpu Park station, a train station in China, opened on December 29, 2013, and is located in Shanghai, connecting to Line 12 of the Shanghai Metro.
Ronald James, a human, is a fullback who specializes in playing that position for Maesteg RFC.
Michael Gibson is a footballer who was a member of Penrith City SC. He started with the team at a certain time and left the team at a later time, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
St Neots Town F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1879 and plays in the Southern Football League.
Nicholas Ashton is a human who plays cricket and is a citizen of the United Kingdom. He was educated at Oriel College, Oxford, and his given name is Nicholas.
The Festival of Flanders is a music festival and performing arts event held in Mechelen, an administrative territorial entity in Belgium.
The Fincastle Historic District is a historic district located in Virginia, United States, known for its Greek Revival architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Josh Willie, a member of the Australian Labor Party, holds the position of Member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. He is a human with the given name Josh and the family name Willie.
"Trust Me," a comic novel authored by Rajashree, was published in India in 2006.
The Lamar Community Center, a community center located in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features an American Craftsman architectural style.
The Institute of Higher National Diploma in Engineering, founded in 1978, is a university located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, and is affiliated with the University Grants Commission of Sri Lanka.
Sevenoaks District, a non-metropolitan district in Kent, United Kingdom, was established on April 1, 1974, with its administrative center located in the town of Sevenoaks.
Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera, a human who speaks Spanish, works in Mexico City and is a member of the National Action Party in Mexico.
Warren, Pennsylvania, a city founded in 1795, is located in the state of Pennsylvania, United States, and serves as the capital of Warren County, Pennsylvania.
Serge Savard, a defenceman who played for the Winnipeg Jets in the National Hockey League from 1972 to 1996, received both the Panthéon des sports du Québec and the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy.
Walter Hussey, who was born with the given name Walter, is a British citizen and served as the Dean of Chichester. He was educated at Keble College, Oxford.
Mind Odyssey is a progressive metal band that originated in Germany and was founded in 1993. They are signed to Napalm Records.
The Peugeot 304 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot, following the Peugeot 204 and preceding the Peugeot 305.
Freemacs is a text editor developed by Russ Nelson for the FreeDOS operating system. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is programmed in Emacs Lisp.
Miss Namibia, a female beauty pageant that began in 1980, is headquartered in Windhoek, Namibia. Its main category is listed under "Category:Miss Namibia."
"Silver Lady" is a pop music single performed by David Soul and released on August 1, 1977, under the record label Private Stock Records.
Fortino Carrillo Sandoval is a human who works in Mexico City, is a member of the National Action Party in Mexico, and speaks Spanish.
The City of Cessnock, a local government area in New South Wales, Australia, was established on January 1, 1906. Its administrative center is Cessnock, New South Wales.
The Oxo Tower is a mixed-use building and tower located in the London Borough of Southwark, London, United Kingdom. It features an Art Deco architectural style.
Granly Hockey Arena, located in Esbjerg Municipality, Denmark, was inaugurated on January 1, 1976, and is currently occupied by Esbjerg Energy.
Joe Ayrault, a human who played as a catcher for the Atlanta Braves, was educated at Sarasota High School.
Bubal station is a train station in South Korea, operated by Korail, which officially opened on September 24, 2016, and is connected to the Gyeonggang Line.
Danilo Clementino is a member of the Serra Talhada Futebol Clube, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Khun Chai Ronapee is a Thai soap opera directed by Chatchai Plengpanich and originally aired on Channel 3 in Thailand.
Kamut Lake is a lake located in the Kitikmeot Region of Canada, with its outflow leading to the Coppermine River.
The 2015 North Texas Mean Green football team was an American football team that played during the 2015 season in the United States.
"The Michael Vick Project" is a reality television show that originated in the United States and premiered on BET on January 26, 2010.
The Atlantic Sun Conference, which was established in 1978, is an athletic conference and sports league that includes association football among its sports. Its main category is listed under the Atlantic Sun Conference.
"One Giant Leap" is a television series episode that aired on October 9, 2006. Directed by Greg Beeman and written by Jeph Loeb, the episode is in the English language.
"Hot Ice" is a Russian television series that originally aired on Channel One Russia from January 3, 2009, to June 30, 2009.
South Lakes High School, part of the Fairfax County Public Schools district, was founded in 1979 and is located in Virginia, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
ZMDI, a German business established in 1961, is headquartered in Dresden and operates as an Aktiengesellschaft.
Sant Pau is a restaurant in Spain that was founded by Carme Ruscalleda in 1988 and ceased operations on October 27, 2018.
The 1999 Boise State Broncos football team was an American football team season that took place in the United States. This team was part of the Boise State Broncos club during the 1999 season.
Edward Grenfell, 1st Baron St Just, was a Member of both the 34th and 36th Parliaments of the United Kingdom, the son of Henry Grenfell, and was educated at Harrow School. He spoke, wrote, and signed in the English language.
Li Qishi, whose family name is Li, is a Chinese speed skater who competes in the sport of speed skating as a human athlete.
"The Towers of Silence" is an English-language novel published by Heinemann, set in India. It follows "The Day of the Scorpion" and is followed by "A Division of the Spoils."
Smederevo Hall is a sports venue located in Smederevo, Serbia, where it is also owned by the city of Smederevo and occupied by the basketball club KK Smederevo 1953.
James Roby, whose given name is James, is a human who plays rugby league and is a member of both the England national rugby league team and the Great Britain national rugby league team.
The Tokyo Ginko Kyokai Building, a skyscraper in Japan, was conceived in 1993 and officially opened on September 1993. It is owned by Mitsubishi Estate.
Brian Boyle, who played as a centre in ice hockey, is a U.S. athlete educated at Boston College and drafted by the Los Angeles Kings. He is currently a member of the New York Rangers sports team.
Hatalov is a municipality in Slovakia that was established in 1278 and is located in the Michalovce District on the Eastern Slovak Lowland.
Sichuan Normal University, founded on January 1, 1938, is a university located in Chengdu, China. Its main category is listed under Category:Sichuan Normal University.
Bizhbulyaksky District, a municipal district that came into existence on January 15, 1965, has its capital in Bizhbulyak and shares borders with both Belebeyevsky District and Miyakinsky District.
Diyan Petkov is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for PFC Naftex Burgas.
Interchange21 is a shopping mall in Thailand that was established and officially opened in 2008. It is located in Khlong Toei Nuea.
Falls Bridge, an instance of a truss bridge, spans the Schuylkill River and is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was officially opened on June 1, 1895.
"Solanin," a romance anime and manga authored by Inio Asano, originates from Japan and is primarily about music, with the original language being Japanese.
Diana Ossana was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and her work was the subject of statements regarding her nomination.
Rajapaksha Central College, founded by C.W.W. Kannangara in 1940, is a school located in Weeraketiya, Sri Lanka.
Hideko Goto is a female human born on March 30, 1949, who works as a table tennis athlete.
Zonda Telecom, a business founded in 1968, is headquartered and formed in Guadalajara, Mexico.
"Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw" is an English-language film produced in the United States, which was distributed by American International Pictures. The film features Gerrit Graham in its cast and was filmed in New Mexico.
Ialoveni District is a district of Moldova, located within the administrative territorial entity of Moldova. It was established in 2002, with Ialoveni serving as its capital.
Charles Chun, a male human, is an actor who was educated at Connecticut College.
Boryslav, a city of regional significance in Ukraine, was founded in 1387 and is located in the Lviv Oblast. Its main category is listed under "Category:Boryslav."
Eagle Lake, located in Ontario, Canada, is a lake with its outflow through the Eagle River. The lake is situated within the administrative territorial entity of Ontario, and it is part of the Canadian watershed.
José Quirante is a member of the sports team FC Barcelona, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Globe Wernicke was a manufacturing business that began operations in 1899 in the United States. It was later succeeded by the Sheller-Globe Corporation.
The Legislative Assembly of Madeira, an instance of a legislature located in Portugal, applies to the jurisdiction of Madeira and is headquartered in the Casa da Alfândega do Funchal. It consists of Members of the Legislative Assembly of Madeira.
Kenneth Kronholm is a member of the sports team VfL Wolfsburg, where he started and ended his tenure at specific times, though the exact dates for both the start and end times are not provided.
Peterborough & Fletton United F.C., which played association football in the Southern Football League, was active from 1923 to 1932 and played its home games at the London Road Stadium.
KSLU is a radio station located in Louisiana, United States, owned by Southeastern Louisiana University and licensed to broadcast to Hammond, Louisiana.
KXEW, a radio station in the United States, was established on January 1, 1963, and is licensed to broadcast to South Tucson, Arizona.
Culture Convenience Club, a business that was founded in 1982, is based in Japan with its headquarters in Tokyo. The company was formed in Hirakata.
The Holden Commodore VZ is a car model manufactured by General Motors under the Holden brand. It succeeded the Holden Commodore VY and was followed by the Holden Commodore VE.
Hattie McDaniel was nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work, and this achievement is noted in various statements about her.
The film "Cactus Flower" received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and was both a nominee and the winner for this category. The statement about its win is a subject of recognition.
Panormos is a village located on the island of Tinos in Greece. It is part of both the Tinos Municipality and the Tinos Regional Unit.
Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1958 and plays in the Southern Football League.
Al Mahwit is a city and a district in Yemen, serving as the capital of the Al Mahwit Governorate.
The Boeing C-137 Stratoliner is a member of the Boeing 707 aircraft family, manufactured by Boeing. It had its first flight on December 31, 1958, and was used for airlift operations.
Teno Airport, located in the Colchagua Province of Chile, is an airport named after Teno and serves the transport needs of the area, including the town of Teno.
Jackie Stewart was educated at Dumbarton Academy, is a member of the Equipe Matra Sports racing team, has a racing driver sibling named Jimmy Stewart, and his son is Paul Stewart, who is also a racing driver. Additionally, he speaks, writes, and signs in the English language.
Beijing Design Week is a recurring design event that takes place annually in Beijing, China. It began in 2009.
Virginia Damerini is a female human born in Italy, who works as an opera singer and uses her voice as her instrument.
Ketnetpop is a Dutch-language television show that originated in Belgium. It debuted in 2008 and is directed by Frank Van Laecke.
Marucci Sports, a business that produces sports equipment with a focus on baseball bats, was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Buchanan Street is a road located in Glasgow, specifically within Glasgow City, in the United Kingdom. It is primarily used for shopping.
The Charterhouse of the Transfiguration, a Charterhouse monastery for the Carthusian order, was founded in 1950 and is located in Arlington, Vermont, United States.
James Margolis, who was educated at Columbia University, is a human fencer who participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Francisco Jiménez Merino is a human who works in Mexico City and is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He speaks, writes, and signs in the Spanish language.
Buena Regional High School, part of the Buena Regional School District, is a high school located in New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1971.
Guayaquil City F.C., an association football club based in Ecuador, was founded on September 7, 2007, and plays in the Ecuadorian Serie B league.
Gayle Hopkins, a human athlete, competes in the long jump event within the sport of athletics.
Fernando Solana, a human who resides in Mexico City, speaks Spanish and holds the position of a member of the Senate of Mexico.
WPEP is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, which was licensed to broadcast to Taunton, Massachusetts, and began operations on January 1, 1949.
The 2015 Breeders' Cup Classic, an event in horse racing that took place on October 31, 2015, was won by American Pharoah and was part of the 2015 Breeders' Cup.
The Panhard VCR is a French armoured personnel carrier that was manufactured by Panhard and entered service on January 1, 1979. It was used in the Iran-Iraq War.
Lee Plaza in Detroit, United States, is a revenue house listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in Detroit and features an Art Deco architectural style.
Andy Sutton is a human who plays cricket and has been a member of both the Wiltshire County Cricket Club and the Herefordshire County Cricket Club. His given name is Andy.
WADS is a radio station located in Ansonia, Connecticut, which is part of the United States. It began broadcasting in 1986.
Philippe Myers is a human who plays for the Philadelphia Flyers in the National Hockey League.
BluePhoenix Solutions, a business headquartered in Herzliya, Israel, was founded in 1987 and its stock is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
MV Ancona is a ship built by Lindholmen Shipyard and owned by Minoan Lines. It is registered in Panama and has its home port in Panama City.
The 1973 Alabama Crimson Tide football team was an American football team that played during the 1973 season in the United States.
Paul Moreno, a Mexican footballer, played for the Mexico national football team, starting and ending his tenure with the team at specific times. Note that the exact start and end times are mentioned twice, but the precise dates are not provided in the given information.
The Grand Trunk Bridge in Saskatoon is a bridge located in Saskatchewan, Canada. It was officially opened on March 1, 1908, and it crosses the South Saskatchewan River.
Slirp is a software that was first published and conceived on March 30, 1995. It operates on Unix-like systems and is released under a permissive software license.
Acapetahua is a municipality in the state of Chiapas, Mexico, and it serves as the capital of Acapetahua. However, it is important to note that the term "Acapetahua" used as the capital refers to a specific administrative area within the municipality of Acapetahua.
Crewe & Nantwich Steamers, a rugby union sports team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2003. They compete in the discipline of rugby union.
Argyle Park is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was founded in 1994. They are signed to R.E.X. Records. Notably, the last statement "Argyle Park differentFrom Argyle Park" seems redundant and might indicate a special note about potential confusion with another entity, but it doesn't add distinct information in this context.
"Citizen Joe" is a television series episode that aired on January 8, 2005. Directed by Andy Mikita and written by Robert C. Cooper, the episode is in English.
Ed Puskarich was a member of the DFW Tornados sports team, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
South Forsyth High School, part of the Forsyth County Schools district, is a high school located in Georgia, United States. It was established in 1989.
John Hurt was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture for his work, though the specific point in time for this nomination is mentioned twice without additional details.
Dave Kraayeveld, a human who played as a defensive end for the Seattle Seahawks, was educated at Milton College.
Dawn of the Replicants is an indie rock musical ensemble that was formed in Galashiels and began their activities in early 1996. They are signed to East West Records.
Kinetic Engineering Limited, a business founded in 1972 by H.K. Firodia, is headquartered in Pune, India.
The Catalan Nationalist Party, an instance of a political party with a focus on Catalan independence, was founded on January 1, 1932, in Spain, but was dissolved on January 1, 1936.
"The Catcher" is a film or TV show originating from the United States, primarily set in California, with filming taking place in Arizona. It is in the English language and features David Heavener among its cast members.
Bastian Schweinsteiger is a citizen of Germany. He started his career with the Germany national under-21 football team and later joined the Germany national football team. He had both a starting and ending time with each of these teams.
Longridge is a town and civil parish in the Ribble Valley administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
Binta International School, founded by Wale Adenuga in 1994, is a school located in Ejigbo, Nigeria.
Streatfeild Lake is a lake located in Ontario, Canada, with its outflow draining into the Streatfeild River. Both the lake and its river are within the country of Canada.
"Voodoo" is an opera composed and written (libretto) by Harry Lawrence Freeman, which premiered on September 10, 1928, and is written in the English language.
The splendid fairywren is a species of taxon belonging to the genus Malurus and is endemic to Australia. It is classified as a least-concern species according to the IUCN conservation status.
Bruno Marioni is a member of the sports team Sporting CP, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
28 State Street is a high-rise building located in Massachusetts, United States. It was designed by architect Emery Roth and completed in 1970.
Francesca Pomeri is a human who resides in Filottrano and plays water polo as her sport. She is a member of the Italy women's national water polo team.
"Pleiades' Dust" is an album by the performer Gorguts, produced by Colin Marston, and was published on May 13, 2016, following "Colored Sands."
Biseni is a modern language that is part of the Ijaw language family and is indigenous to Bayelsa State in Nigeria.
The Florida International University Alumni Association is an alumni association based in Miami, United States, and it is part of Florida International University. Its main category is related to Florida International University alumni.
SkyMall, an e-commerce business founded by Bob Worsley in 1990, is headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey.
The Otowi Historic District, a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New Mexico, United States. It features Pueblo Revival architecture.
Puslinch is a lower-tier municipality located in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada. It is a human settlement that shares a border with Milton, Ontario.
Underwood Park in Rochedale, Queensland, Australia, is a sports venue owned by the Government of Queensland and occupied by the Rochedale Rovers FC.
Khors Air, an airline based in Ukraine, was founded in 1990 and has its headquarters in Kiev. The airline's hub is Boryspil International Airport.
Doraville, Georgia, which is part of DeKalb County, was founded on January 1, 1871, and is a city in the United States with its main category being Doraville, Georgia.
Caroline Sturdy Colls, a human working in the field of forensic archaeology, is employed at Staffordshire University and was educated at the University of Birmingham. She has also received the European Archaeological Heritage Prize.
Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, which became a city in the United States in 1850, is located in Hennepin County, Minnesota, and shares a border with New Hope, Minnesota.
The Russian National Orchestra, which was founded in 1990, is a classical music orchestra based in Russia. It began its work period in 1990.
The Singing Bridge is a bridge located in Kentucky, United States, which officially opened in 1893. It crosses the Kentucky River.
Sergio Troncoso, a human who received a Fulbright Program award, was educated at Harvard University and is known for his notable work "The Nature of Truth."
Nathalie Krebs is a Danish female citizen who received the Prince Eugen Medal.
The League of Militant Atheists, an organization founded by Yemelyan Yaroslavsky in 1929, was headquartered in Moscow and operated within the Soviet Union.
Petrocaribe, a public company and alliance initiated in 2005, is associated with Venezuela and operates under the parent organization PDVSA.
The IEEE Undergraduate Teaching Award, established in 1990, is an award that falls under the category of IEEE Medals, Technical Field Awards, and Recognitions. It is conferred by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers to recognize excellence in teaching at the undergraduate level.
KBBI, a radio station in the United States, was established on January 1, 1970, and is located in Alaska, specifically licensed to broadcast to Homer, Alaska.
KQSF is a radio station that began operating in January 1998 and is licensed to broadcast to Dell Rapids, South Dakota, where it is located within the United States.
Svetlogorsky District, which became a municipal district on November 2, 2007, is located in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, with its administrative center in Svetlogorsk.
Wheatland County, Alberta, is a municipal district in Canada located in the province of Alberta, with its administrative center in Strathmore, Alberta. It shares a border with Starland County.
Kragsyde, a building located in Maine, United States, was built in 1885. It was designed by the architects Peabody and Stearns.
Ameland Airport, named after the island of Ameland, is an airport located in Ballum, Netherlands, and serves the transportation needs of Ameland.
Sergey Burdin is a member of the PFC CSKA Moscow sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Warkauden Jalkapalloklubi is a Finnish association football club that was founded in the year 2000 and plays in the Kakkonen league.
Ronald Chitiyo is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for the sports team CS Sfaxien.
Parkbeg is a human settlement that was founded in 1911 and is located in Saskatchewan, Canada. It shares a border with Tugaske, Saskatchewan.
KGEO is a radio station located in Bakersfield, California, United States. It was established on January 1, 1945, and is licensed to broadcast to Bakersfield.
The asteroid 1998 KY26, discovered on May 28, 1998, by Spacewatch, is an Apollo asteroid that was first observed at a site in Arizona.
Transcosmos Stadium Nagasaki is a stadium located in Isahaya, Nagasaki, Japan, and it is owned by Nagasaki Prefecture. The stadium is home to the V-Varen Nagasaki team.
2 Columbus Circle is a museum in Manhattan, New York, United States, designed by architect Edward Durell Stone, and it officially opened in 1964.
Swift Run Gap is a mountain pass located in the Shenandoah National Park within the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia, United States.
"Songs of Travel and Other Verses" is a poetry collection written by Robert Louis Stevenson, published in 1896. This literary work is now in the public domain.
The 1978 Saskatchewan general election, which took place in Canada, was part of the list of Saskatchewan general elections and occurred in 1978. Allan Blakeney emerged as the successful candidate in this election, which applied to the jurisdiction of Saskatchewan.
"The Streets of San Francisco" is a television series created by Quinn Martin, produced in English, and is in its third season.
Trond Fredriksen, a human, is a midfielder who plays for the sports team Aalesunds FK. His full name is Trond Fredriksen.
Empire District Electric Company, a business headquartered in Joplin, Missouri, was founded in 1909 and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.
Michael Henig, a human, is a quarterback who played for the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
KNOM, a radio station in the United States, was founded in 1971 and is licensed to broadcast to Nome, Alaska, where it is also located.
Dragon Tales is an English-language television series created by Ron Rodecker and distributed by Sony Pictures Television. The show features music composed by both Jesse Harris and Joey Levine.
Codecademy, a business and website headquartered in New York City, was founded in 2011 and uses the English language.
Knuckledust is a punk rock band that originated in the United Kingdom and was formed in London in 1996.
The Balkan Region is a region in Turkmenistan, with its capital in Balkanabat, which was established on May 18, 1992. It shares a border with the Mangystau Region.
Coffee Meets Bagel, a social networking service founded by Dawoon Kang, was launched on April 17, 2012, and its headquarters are located in San Francisco.
The Baltika Group, a public limited company operating in the clothing industry, was founded in 1928 and has its headquarters in Tallinn.
Xander Parish, a male human born in 1986, is a ballet dancer who was educated at the Royal Ballet School.
Bunratty Castle, a Norman architecture-style castle located in County Clare, Republic of Ireland, was built in 1425.
The Big Muddy River is a river located in Illinois, United States, and it flows into the Mississippi River. One of its tributaries is Beaucoup Creek.
Shibe Park was a baseball park located in Philadelphia, United States, where it served as the home of both the Philadelphia Phillies and hosted the history of the Philadelphia Athletics.
Armenoi is a municipal unit of Greece located in the administrative territorial entity of Apokoronas. It is a human settlement that shares a border with Souda.
"Eleanor Marx: A Life" is a book published by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom in 2014. The main subject of the book is Eleanor Marx.
Shariff Abdul Samat is a member of Home United FC, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Central Anticorruption Bureau, established in Poland in 2006, is headquartered in Warsaw and is chaired by Ernest Bejda. It is an anti-corruption agency listed among similar institutions globally.
Mamaroneck High School, which is part of the Mamaroneck Union Free School District, was established in 1928 and is located in New York State, United States.
Mohamed Emara is a member of the sports team Al Ahly SC, where he started and ended his tenure with the club, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
Beech Factory Airport, located in Kansas, United States, was established on January 4, 1940, and serves the transportation needs of Wichita, Kansas.
Green Island, located in Boston Harbor, is an island in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
Matt Skole, a human, is an infielder who plays for the Washington Nationals.
The Rome Braves, a baseball team based in the United States, were established in 2003 and are affiliated with the Atlanta Braves.
The RMS Etruria is a ship that was built by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company and owned by the Cunard Line. It was based in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
The Priscillas are a power pop band from London, United Kingdom, formed in the city and signed to the record label Damaged Goods.
South Luangwa National Park, established in 1938, is a national park located in the Eastern Province of Zambia. It falls under IUCN category II: National Park and is part of the list of national parks in Zambia.
Sähkö Recordings, a record label founded in 1993 by Tommi Grönlund in Finland, has a subsidiary called Puu.
"Indian School" is a documentary television series created by the BBC, which originated in the United Kingdom. It is produced in the English language.
Fastlane is a punk rock band that originated in Guildford, United Kingdom, and was formed in 1997.
The McLaren Report, authored by Richard McLaren and published on July 18, 2016, is a report written in English that focuses on doping in Russian athletics.
Great Gaddesden is a village and civil parish located in the administrative territorial entity of Dacorum, United Kingdom.
Schoolwork is an application software developed by Apple Inc., which was published on June 26, 2018, and operates on the iOS platform. It is a learning management system.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on June 19, 2008, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1819 and is followed by Resolution 1821.
The Blue Ridge League, a baseball sports league in the United States, was established in 1915 and dissolved on February 9, 1931.
Linares Airport, named after Linares, Chile, is an airport located in the Linares Province of Chile, serving the city of Linares.
Kangnam University, located in Yongin, South Korea, was established in 1946 and is categorized under the main category "Category:Kangnam University."
Beltline is a neighbourhood in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, which was established in 1905. It shares a border with Sunalta, Calgary.
The Springfield Celts Rugby Club, a rugby union sports team based in the United States, was founded in 1975. They compete in the discipline of rugby union.
The Briarcliff Hotel, designed by architect G. Lloyd Preacher, is a historic hotel located in Atlanta, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blacksburg High School, part of the Montgomery County Public Schools in Virginia, United States, was founded in 1952 and is a high school in North America.
Pravotice is a municipality in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District of Slovakia, with its earliest written record dating back to 1232, marking the same year as its inception.
Robin Stenuit is a member of the sports team Wallonie Bruxelles, with a specified start and end time for his membership.
Andrey Pyshnik is a member of the FC Vitebsk sports team, with a defined period of membership that started at a certain time and ended at another time.
Daria Bijak, whose given name is Daria, is a human who participates in artistic gymnastics and spoke German. She participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Howard Hanson, whose given name is Howard, is a Swedish American who speaks both English and Swedish. He was a mentor to the composer Ulysses Kay.
The Dirgantara Monument, a monument located in Pancoran, South Jakarta, Indonesia, was created by Edhi Sunarso and inaugurated in 1966.
The University of Glasgow School of Law is a law school located in Glasgow, specifically within Glasgow City, in the United Kingdom. It is affiliated with the University of Glasgow.
Rony Talukdar, whose given name is Rony, is a human who plays cricket and is a member of both the Barisal Division cricket team and the Dhaka Division cricket team.
"The Falls of St. Anthony," a painting created on canvas using oil paint and depicting a waterfall, is housed at the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum.
Belgrave Hall, a historic house museum located in Leicester, United Kingdom, was built in 1713 and features the Queen Anne style of architecture.
The International Seabed Authority, an international organization headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica, was established in 1994 and is involved in mineral exploration in the seabed.
Grand Island is a rock band that was formed in Oslo, Norway, in 2006. They originate from Norway and play rock music.
WKFV is a radio station located in North Carolina, United States, owned by the Educational Media Foundation and licensed to broadcast to Clinton, North Carolina.
The Montgomery County Courthouse in Iowa is a historic courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in Iowa, United States, and features Romanesque Revival architecture.
"Lend Me a Tenor" is a comedy play written by Ken Ludwig in English, which had its first performance on March 6, 1986.
The Cumberland Valley Rail Trail is a rail trail located in Pennsylvania, United States, with its terminus in Newville, Pennsylvania. It is designated as a National Recreation Trail.
Hopewell High School, located in North Carolina, United States, is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district and was established in 2001. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Tread Lightly!, a nonprofit organization founded in 1985 and headquartered in Salt Lake City, United States, was established by the United States Forest Service.
Bobby Knoop, a human and former member of the Chicago White Sox, played as a second baseman and received the Rawlings Gold Glove Award for his exceptional skills.
Ganado Airport, located in Arizona, United States, is named after Ganado, Arizona, and serves as a transport hub for the area.
Ming Cho Lee was educated at Occidental College, where he started his studies, pursued an academic major, and ultimately earned an academic degree.
WVPW is a radio station located in West Virginia, United States, owned by West Virginia Public Broadcasting and licensed to broadcast to Buckhannon, West Virginia.
Rideau Falls is a waterfall located in Ottawa, Canada, and it is part of the Rideau River, situated on this river's terrain.
Middleton High School, located in Middleton, Wisconsin, United States, is part of the Middleton-Cross Plains School District and was founded in 1879. It is an example of a high school in North America.
Cockroach Labs, a business founded in 2014 in the United States by computer programmer Spencer Kimball, is a member of the Linux Foundation.
Leandro Augusto is a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The 2012 National Invitation Tournament was a basketball season organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association and took place in 2012 as part of the National Invitation Tournament competition.
The Arizona Department of Education, an instance of a state education agency, was established in 1970 and is located in Phoenix, Arizona, where it applies its jurisdiction. It operates within the United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1906, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on December 23, 2009, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1905 and is followed by Resolution 1907.
MS Mega Andrea is a ship manufactured by Wärtsilä and owned by the Finland Steamship Company. It is based in Helsinki, Italy, although it's worth noting that ships typically have home ports rather than countries, suggesting that "Italy" might be a mistake or additional detail about its origin or operations.
The Volkswagen Passat B4 is a car model manufactured by the Volkswagen Group, which follows the Volkswagen Passat B3 and is succeeded by the Volkswagen Passat B5.
Canajoharie Creek is a river and watercourse located in New York State, United States, and its mouth empties into the Mohawk River.
Notgrove is a village and civil parish located in the Cotswold District of the United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Notgrove.
Makada is an island located in the East New Britain Province of Papua New Guinea. It is part of the Duke of York Islands and includes the Duke of York Island within its territory.
Banque Nationale Agricole, a bank in the financial services industry, was established on January 1, 1959, and has its headquarters in Tunis, Tunisia.
The Northrop X-4 Bantam is an aircraft model belonging to the subclass of aircraft, manufactured by Northrop Corporation and operated by NASA. Its first flight occurred on December 15, 1948.
Gary Fellows, whose given name is Gary, is a human who plays cricket and has been a member of both the Shropshire County Cricket Club and the Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
Brown Eyed Soul is a boy band that originated in South Korea, where it was also formed. The group began in 2003 and is known for its K-pop genre.
Manzano High School, part of Albuquerque Public Schools, was established in 1961 and is located in New Mexico, United States.
Greg Sandow, a human, is a composer who was educated at Yale University and is employed by the Eastman School of Music.
Catherine Capdevielle, a human participant in the 1956 Summer Olympics, competes in the sport of athletics, and her full name is Catherine Capdevielle.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 264, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on 20 March 1969, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 263 and is followed by Resolution 265.
Aaron Ogden served as the Governor of New Jersey, starting at a certain time and ending at another, during which he replaced one individual and was later replaced by another.
Llandudno Junction F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1975 and plays in the Welsh Alliance League.
The Emu Bay Railway, a business headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, was established in 1897 and ceased operations in 1998.
MapleStory is a multiplayer video game published by Shanda and Level Up! Games, which can be played using a computer keyboard and is distributed through the Steam service.
The Little Chief Service Station, a construction project commissioned by Texaco, was built in 1929 and is located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverton High School, part of the Beaverton School District in Oregon, United States, was established on January 1, 1902, as a high school.
Josh Unice, a human and goaltender, is a member of the CBR Brave and was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks.
Chad Voytik, a human who was educated at Cleveland High School in Tennessee, is a quarterback and a member of the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
The Lyttelton Road Tunnel Administration Building, an architectural structure designed by architect Peter Beaven, was built in 1963 and is located in the Heathcote Valley administrative territorial entity in New Zealand.
The Jerusalem Foundation, a nonprofit foundation, was founded in 1966 by Teddy Kollek and is based in the United States.
The John W. Weeks Bridge is a bridge located in Massachusetts, United States. It officially opened in 1927 and crosses the Charles River.
Ron Lunn, a human who speaks English, is known by the given name Ron and the family name Lunn, and he is a member of the Essendon Football Club.
"Having You" is a British film in the English language, starring Anna Friel and Romola Garai, and was written by Sam Hoare, who is known for being a rugby league player born in 1991.
The Victor Cullen Center, also known as the Old Administration Building, is a historic building located in Maryland, United States. Designed by architects Wyatt & Nolting, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Collingwood railway station is adjacent to North Richmond railway station and is connected to it via a line with a connecting service. The service runs towards North Richmond railway station.
Francis Howell Central High School, part of the Francis Howell School District and located in Cottleville, Missouri, United States, is a high school that was established in 1997.
The Euromast, designed by architect Hugh Maaskant in the style of modern architecture, is owned by Jan-Dirk Paarlberg and is recognized as a Rijksmonument. It is constructed using concrete.
Toguchinsky District, which became a municipal district in 1932, is located in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, with its administrative center in Toguchin.
BBMG, a business that began operations in 1996, is headquartered in Beijing, China, and its stocks are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Consolidated Contractors Company, a business founded in 1952 by Hasib Sabbagh, is headquartered in Athens, Greece.
Aric Anderson, whose last name is Anderson, is a human who played as a fullback for the Green Bay Packers and was educated at Millikin University.
The Emden Company, a chartered business based in Germany, was established in 1752 and dissolved in 1757.
ESIEE Management, a business school in France, was founded in 1995 and is located in Noisy-le-Grand. It is distinct from the Institut supérieur de management et de technologie.
"Tangerine" is a Christmas film distributed by Magnolia Pictures, primarily set and filmed in Los Angeles, with its original language being English.
The City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council is an English metropolitan district council based in Bradford, United Kingdom. It applies to the jurisdiction of the City of Bradford and has its headquarters in Bradford. The council includes an executive known as the executive of Bradford Metropolitan District Council.
Metempsychosis, a painting created by Yokoyama Taikan in 1923, is housed in the collection of the National Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo.
Gutbucket is a jazz band that was formed in New York City in 1999. They are an instance of a rock and pop band with roots in the United States.
Chavdar Yankov is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk. He was acquired through a specific transaction and his tenure with the team includes both a start and an end time.
North Eastern Province is a province in Kenya, with its capital being Garissa. It is an administrative territorial entity of Kenya and falls under the category of Provinces of Kenya.
Aviateca, an airline based in Guatemala, was founded on January 1, 1939, and is operated under the Synergy Group. Its main hub is La Aurora International Airport.
CG Puigcerdà is a Spanish ice hockey team that was founded in 1972 and plays in the Liga Nacional de Hockey Hielo.
Voxhaul Broadcast is an indie rock band that originated in the United States and was formed in Los Angeles in 2006.
The Penrith Emus Rugby, an Australian sports team that competes in rugby union, was founded in 1965.
The Kyoto International Conference Center, a convention center in Kyoto, Japan, was inaugurated in 1966 and was designed by architect Sachio Otani.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 853, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on July 29, 1993, follows Resolution 852 and is followed by Resolution 854.
The State Security Administration of Yugoslavia was a secret service that began operations in 1946, following the OZNA, and functioned within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia until it was dissolved in 1991.
Al Ahli Saida SC is an association football club based in Lebanon that plays in the Lebanese Second Division. Their home venue is the Saida International Stadium.
Ivo Georgiev is a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
P.F. Chang's China Bistro, a restaurant chain founded by Paul Fleming, was established in 1993 and is based in the United States. It is currently owned by Centerbridge Partners.
The Boys is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom that was formed in London in 1976. They are an instance of a rock and pop band.
Ulf von Euler, whose parents were Hans von Euler-Chelpin and Astrid Cleve, and who was the sibling of Georg von Euler, was married to Dagmar Cronstedt and is buried at Solna cemetery.
London Waterloo station, which was officially opened on 11 July 1848 and named after Waterloo Bridge, is owned by and operated by Network Rail, and it includes the Waterloo tube station.
Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering, an engineering school affiliated with the University of Mumbai, was established in 1994 and is located in Maharashtra, India.
Mythe Bridge is a Grade II* listed bridge located in the Malvern Hills District of the United Kingdom, where it crosses the River Severn.
Saviour Machine is a rock and pop band that originated in the United States and was formed in 1989. They play gothic metal, and Eric Clayton is a member of the band.
Phuket United Futsal Club, an association football club based in Thailand, was established in 2006 and competes in the Futsal Thai League.
Nvu is a free software HTML editor created by Daniel Glazman and is written using the C++ programming language. It is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Company, founded in 1898, is a shipyard headquartered in Dalian, China, specializing in the shipbuilding industry.
MS Berge Istra is a ship that was manufactured by Uljanik and registered in Liberia. It entered service in January 1972 and was retired on December 30, 1975.
SU Dives-Cabourg is a French association football club that was founded in 1929. The club plays in the Championnat National 3 league.
Mozambique uses several languages including the Ndau dialect, Swazi language, and Yao language. It also contains administrative territorial entities such as Zambezia Province and Gaza Province.
Linda Hunt received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work, and this achievement is the subject of various statements.
The Crags is a rock band that was formed in Switzerland in 2009. They specialize in rock music and are originally from Switzerland.
Felony is a rock and pop band that specializes in new wave music, formed in Los Angeles, United States. It is important to note that this band is distinct from another entity also named Felony.
Japan National Route 306 connects with Japan National Route 307 at its terminus location, which is situated in an administrative territorial entity.
Persido Donggala is an association football club based in Indonesia that plays in the Liga Indonesia Third Division. The club's home venue is the Gawalise Stadium.
Life Theater, a movie theater in Manila, Philippines, was inaugurated in 1941 and was designed by architect Pablo Antonio.
Bog Standard Gallery, an installation art gallery and work of art created by Melanie Boda, was established on January 1, 2007, in the United Kingdom.
Adyghe State University, an educational institution in Russia, was founded in 1940 and is located in Maykop, where its main category is listed under "Category:Adyghe State University."
Blindern Rugbyklubb, a rugby union sports team based in Norway, was founded in 2010.
The Lincoln Continental Mark VI is a car model manufactured by Ford Motor Company, powered by a petrol engine. It follows the Lincoln Continental Mark V and is followed by the Lincoln Continental Mark VII.
The Quartetto di Cremona, a classical music string quartet, was formed in Genoa in the year 2000 and records with Decca Records.
Concerto Amsterdam, a classical music musical ensemble founded in the Netherlands on January 1, 1960, was established by Jaap Schröder.
Alberto Bressan, a human, has received the Feltrinelli Prize and the Bôcher Memorial Prize, and he was the doctoral advisor of Stefano Bianchini.
The National Center on Time & Learning is a nonprofit organization based in the United States, with its headquarters located in Boston. It works in the field of education.
The Silver Sevens is a casino hotel that opened in 1975 and is located in Nevada, United States.
"Red Serge" is a Canadian television series that originally aired on CBC Television from 1986 to 1987.
Mega Man Battle Network is a video game that is part of the Mega Man Battle Network series, developed and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance platform using a ROM cartridge format.
Pochabany is a municipality in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District of Slovakia, with its earliest written record dating back to 1329.
Hapoel Galil Elyon, a basketball team based in Israel, was founded in 1978 and is currently coached by Avishay Gordon.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 863, adopted by the United Nations Security Council on September 13, 1993, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 862 and is followed by Resolution 864.
Beyond Time is an adventure video game that was published for Microsoft Windows on an unspecified day in 1997. It originates from the United States.
The Tokyo Metro 08 series is a class of electric multiple unit locomotives operated by the Teito Rapid Transit Authority. Manufactured by Nippon Sharyo, these trains entered service on January 7, 2003.
Sonus Faber, a corporation founded by Franco Serblin on January 1, 1983, has its headquarters in Arcugnano.
Plaistow tube station is adjacent to West Ham station and connects to it via a line that runs towards West Ham.
The Yamate Tunnel is a tunnel located in Tokyo, Japan, which officially opened on December 22, 2007. It carries the Central Circular Route of the Shuto Expressway.
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is associated with London, United Kingdom, and is featured in a film or TV show originally produced in the English language. The show includes cast members Robbie Gee and Ben Waters.
Walter Francis Layer, a human who was educated at Widener University, held the position of member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
North Community High School, part of the Minneapolis Public Schools district, is a high school located in Minneapolis, United States. It was established on January 1, 1888.
The Idaho Attorney General is a position within the United States, specifically serving the state of Idaho, and is a subclass of state attorney general. Lawrence Wasden holds this officeholder role.
Raul Khajimba held the position of Vice President of Abkhazia, starting at a certain time and ending at another, during which he was replaced by someone and had replaced another individual.
Clive Peeters is a business that was established in 1973 and was headquartered in Bayswater North, Victoria, Australia, until it ceased operations in 2011.
The Electra Tower, a building in Tel Aviv, Israel, was inaugurated in 2011. It was designed by Moore Yaski Sivan Architects.
St. Paul is a town in Alberta, Canada, which was established in 1896. It shares a border with Vilna, Alberta, and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Alberta.
Mossoró Airport, named after the city of Mossoró, is an aerodrome located in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil, and serves as a transport hub for Mossoró.
Rai Sport, a television station and specialty channel owned by RAI, was established in 1999 and broadcasts in the Italian language.
Kuruthipunal is a novel written by Indira Parthasarathy, which originated in India and is set in India. The book received the Sahitya Akademi Award.
Mississippi Highway 500, part of the Mississippi State Highway System, begins at its terminus in Tuscola where it connects with Mississippi Highway 13. The highway was established in 1960 and is maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation.
Ridgefield Memorial High School, part of the Ridgefield School District in New Jersey, United States, was established on January 1, 1957, as a high school.
Gary J. Brink was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design for his work, and statements about his nomination are subjects of discussion.
Tunari National Park, established in 1992, is a national park located in Ayopaya Province, Bolivia. It falls under IUCN category II, which designates it as a national park.
"Born to Run," an episode of the television series "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles," was directed by Jeffrey Hunt and written by Josh Friedman. It was originally aired on April 10, 2009, and the episode is in English.
Tusitala is a miniseries directed by Don Sharp that aired on the ABC (Australian TV channel) on June 15, 1986, starting and ending on the same day.
Jack Hoult is a male human who is a rugby league player and a member of the Castleford Tigers sports team.
Birdville High School is a high school located in the Birdville Independent School District in Texas, United States. It was established in 1999.
Bathurst Harbour in Tasmania is a harbor located in Australia, with its basin also situated in Australia. It is part of the administrative territorial entity of Tasmania and has the Old River as one of its tributaries.
David Cay Johnston, whose given name is David, is known for his notable work "The Making of Donald Trump" and was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting. He is a member of the Investigative Reporters and Editors organization and communicates in American English.
Urban Bank, a business that was formed in Pasig in 1980, had its headquarters in Makati but was dissolved in 2001.
"The Spring Madness of Mr. Sermon," a novel written by R.F. Delderfield and published on January 1, 1963, is a literary work set in Devon.
The Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1989, is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Iowa, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Wells Street is a street located in Fitzrovia, part of the City of Westminster in the United Kingdom, and it connects with Oxford Street.
Paradise Run is a television show that originated in the United States and premiered on Nickelodeon on February 1, 2016, with Daniella Monet as the presenter.
Luzair was an airline that began operations in 1997 and was based in Portugal with its hub at Lisbon Airport. The airline ceased operations in 2011.
Mitchell Langerak, whose given name is Mitchell, is an Australian soccer player who participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup and has been a member of sports teams including Borussia Dortmund II and Melbourne Victory FC.
The European Prize for Urban Public Space is a Spanish architecture prize that was founded in 2000 and is directed by Judit Carrera. It is conferred by the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona.
Skellington Productions, a film studio founded by Henry Selick in 1992, had its headquarters at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank but was dissolved in 1996.
Tellme Networks, a business founded by Mike McCue in 1999, is headquartered in Mountain View, California, and is now part of Microsoft.
"Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution" is an English-language film directed by David Oppenheim, a clarinetist, and was published in 1967. The film is an American production.
Sky Airlines, a Turkish airline that began operations in 2000, had its hub at Antalya Airport but was dissolved in 2013.
Cardiff Bridge is a Grade II listed building located in Cardiff, United Kingdom. Constructed primarily of concrete, it is an important bridge within the city's administrative territorial entity.
The Greer House, located in Virginia, United States, is a Greek Revival style house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Swan Princess Christmas" is a Christmas film produced by Crest Animation Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. It is an English-language movie originating from the United States.
Guanabara Bay is a bay located in Rio de Janeiro, which is both a city and a state in Brazil. It is also fed by the Meriti River.
"From Here to Eternity" was nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and the statement about its win is the subject of recognition.
CHB Bank, a business headquartered in Seoul, was dissolved on April 1, 2006, and was subsequently replaced by Shinhan Bank.
"Abenteuer in Bamsdorf" is a film from East Germany, originally in the German language, with Günter Marczinkowsky as the director of photography and Ilse Peters as the film editor.
CAS Corporation, a public company and business enterprise, was founded in 1983 and has its headquarters in South Korea.
The Schiphol Group, a corporation based in the Netherlands, was founded in 1920 and operates as a fixed-base operator with its headquarters located in the Schiphol Building.
Goa Engineering College, established in 1967, is an engineering school located in Farmagudi, Goa, India, and is affiliated with Goa University.
Nyati Cement, a privately held company in the cement industry, was founded in 2014 and has its headquarters in Kimbiji.
The Paradise Post is a newspaper published in Paradise, California, in the United States. It originates from and is published in the United States.
Jabra, a consumer electronics company founded by Woody Norris in 1983, is headquartered in Copenhagen and operates in the business sector.
The 1966 Coppa Italia Final was held at the Stadio Olimpico and featured ACF Fiorentina and U.S. Catanzaro 1929 as competing teams. ACF Fiorentina emerged as the winner, with Giuseppe Marchioro scoring a significant goal during the match.
Deoria district is a district of India located in the Gorakhpur division, with its capital in Deoria, Uttar Pradesh. It shares a border with the Kushinagar district.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is the lower house of the U.S. state legislature for New Mexico and is located in the United States. Its headquarters are in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and it consists of members who apply their jurisdiction to the state of New Mexico.
Abyss Lake is a lake located in Alaska, United States, with its outflow leading to the Dundas River. The lake is situated within the United States, which is also the country of its drainage basin.
" Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure" is a comedy-drama and coming-of-age story produced by Disney Television Animation. The film is originally in English and its narrative takes place in the United States.
Newburgh Free Academy, established in 1799, is a high school located in New York State, United States. It is part of the Newburgh Enlarged City School District.
Hang Thun Hak served as the Prime Minister of Cambodia, holding the position from a specific start time to an end time, during which he was replaced by another individual after replacing someone else.
The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, a military unit established in January 1974, is stationed in the Golan Heights and is commanded by Wolfgang Jilke. This force operates in Syria.
Enshi Xujiaping Airport, located in the Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture of China, serves both Enshi Shi and Enshi City as an airport.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 690, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on April 29, 1991, and it follows Resolution 689 while being followed by Resolution 691.
Junior Paramedics is a television series in English that originated in the United Kingdom. It is set in the UK and was originally broadcast on BBC Three.
Imeem, a social networking service website founded in 2003 by Dalton Caldwell, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
GMA Supershow is a television series originating from the Philippines, created and originally aired on the GMA Network. German Moreno is one of its cast members.
"After the Quake" is a Japanese-language work published in Japan by Shinchosha and later by Alfred A. Knopf. It was illustrated by Noboru Kitawaki.
Roteflue is a mountain located in the Canton of Bern, part of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. It is situated under the parent peak, Schwarzhorn, within the same mountain range.
Team Love Records, an independent record label founded by Nate Krenkel, was established in 2003 and is based in New Paltz, New York, United States.
The Worthington Ridge Historic District is a historic district located in Connecticut, United States, and it is designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district features Georgian architecture.
Holy Rosary Cathedral, located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, is a Romanesque Revival style cathedral named after the Rosary.
Rocket Dog is a business that was founded in 1997 and is based in the United States, with its headquarters in Los Angeles. The company produces backpacks.
The Brule River in Minnesota is a river located in Cook County, United States. It flows into Lake Superior and is part of the Lake Superior basin.
Hronsek is a municipality located in the Banská Bystrica District of Slovakia. It was established around 1250, which is also the time of its earliest written record.
"The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford" is a television series produced in the United States by Theodore Wharton and Leopold Wharton, with Burr McIntosh as a cast member and Ray June as the director of photography.
The Beijing Film Academy, founded in 1950, is a film school located in Beijing, China, and its main category is listed under the Beijing Film Academy.
The Geelong Tiger Snakes, a rugby league team based in Australia, were founded on January 1, 2004, and they compete in both rugby league and rugby union.
Vera Mackey, a female human, was born in Limerick and her full name is Vera Mackey.
Freshii, a fast-casual restaurant chain, was founded in 2005 in Toronto, where it also has its headquarters.
Quessant Island is an island located in the Solomon Sea and is part of the Louisiade Archipelago. It is situated within Milne Bay Province in Papua New Guinea.
Pro Sport Hockey is an ice hockey game developed by Tose and published by Jaleco for the Nintendo Entertainment System, distributed on ROM cartridges.
Felcra F.C. is an association football club based in Malaysia, owned by FELCRA Berhad, and plays its home games at the Shah Alam Stadium.
Coffey County Airport, located in Kansas, United States, was established on January 3, 1990, and serves the area around Burlington, Kansas.
Climax Group, a video game developer based in the United Kingdom with headquarters in Portsmouth, was founded on January 1, 1988, and operates in the video game industry.
Kathleen High School, part of the Polk County Public Schools district in Florida, United States, was founded in 1928 and is an example of a high school in North America.
Marianna Ryzhkina, a Russian citizen and human, began her professional career in 1989 and was awarded the title of Merited Artist of the Russian Federation.
Ljungby Arena is a sports venue located in Ljungby Municipality, Sweden, where ice hockey is played. It is occupied by the team IF Troja/Ljungby.
Kulture Yabra FC, an association football club founded in 1974, plays in the Belize Premier Football League and their home venue is the MCC Grounds stadium.
William Reed was a human who served as the Governor of North Carolina from 1712 to 1776. He spoke and wrote in English, which was also his native language.
Rosa Martinez is a female human who resides in Barcelona. Her given name is Rosa, and her family name is Martinez.
Janet Blair, a member of the California Republican Party and categorized under the main category of Janet Blair, is a human whose family name is Blair and who is married to Lou Busch.
The Keikyu 1000 series is a class of electric multiple unit locomotives operated by Keikyu, manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries, and entered service on January 13, 1960.
"Dismissed" is an American reality television series that premiered in 2001 on MTV. It is a television series originating from the United States.
Appleby College, a high school founded by Byron Edmund Walker, was established on January 1, 1911, and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Angletrax is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom, formed in the UK and signed to Hansa Records.
Cranfield United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1903 and plays in the Spartan South Midlands Football League.
Deming Elementary School, a school building located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, was designed by architect Frederic Hutchinson Porter and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Karobaar: The Business of Love" is a romance film from India, written by Sachin Bhowmick and featuring Juhi Chawla in the cast. The film is originally in Hindi.
The Geisel School of Medicine, founded by physician Nathan Smith, is a medical school located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States, and is part of Dartmouth College.
"Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D." is a superhero film produced in the United States by Michael Herz. The film is in English and is set in New York City.
Catherine Corrigan, whose given name is Catherine, is a human who works in the field of meteoritics and is married to Ben Bussey. She received her education at Michigan State University.
John I. Burton High School, established in 1953, is a high school located in Norton, Virginia, United States. It is part of the Norton City Schools district.
Ely City F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1885 and plays in the Eastern Counties Football League.
Expo 2008 was a world's fair held in Zaragoza, Spain, in 2008, with its main category focusing on the theme of water and sustainable development.
Graham Star is a newspaper published in Robbinsville, North Carolina, which is located in the United States. The newspaper's country of origin is also the United States.
The Municipality of WestLake--Gladstone, a rural municipality in Canada, was established on January 1, 2015, and is located in the province of Manitoba. It replaced the former municipality of Gladstone, Manitoba.
"The Gamechangers" is a documentary film that originated in the United Kingdom, was produced by BBC Two, and originally aired on BBC Two. The show is in the English language.
Grey Crag is a mountain located in the Lake District range within Cumbria, United Kingdom. It is part of the Far Eastern Fells, with Tarn Crag being its parent peak.
The Bank of Albania, established on September 2, 1925, is a central bank headquartered in Tirana, Albania, and it owns the Hotel Dajti.
The Ministry of Environment in Lithuania, which was established in 1998, is headquartered in Vilnius and is part of the list of environmental ministries. Its main category is under the Ministry of Environment (Lithuania).
Neil Jordan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and his work was the subject of statements regarding this nomination.
The Kansas City Athletic Club, founded in 1887, is a business headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, United States, where it was also formed.
Nasirabad District is a district in Pakistan, part of the Nasirabad Division, with its capital in Naseerabad, Balochistan. It is categorized under the main category "Nasirabad District" and is an instance of the districts of Pakistan.
Eaton Vance, a financial services business founded in 1924, has its headquarters at Two International Place and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
KZWY is a radio station that began operating in January 1980 and is licensed to broadcast to Sheridan, Wyoming, in the United States.
La Gazzetta dello Sport, founded by Eugenio Camillo Costamagna and published in Italian, is headquartered in Milan and is published by both RCS MediaGroup and Sonzogno.
Dublin was the capital of the Irish Free State, which began in 1922 and ended in 1937.
Big Daddy's BBQ Sauce, a food business that started in 1998, is headquartered in Yukon, Oklahoma, and operates in the United States.
The Lemon Angel Project is a Japanese anime television series primarily focused on music, with a genre that includes drama, anime, and manga. It originates from Japan and is in the Japanese language.
ASC Guemeul is an association football club that was founded in 2011 and plays in Ligue 1 Mauritania, the top-tier football league in Mauritania.
The Yokohama Marathon, a marathon competition in the sport of athletics, was inaugurated in 1981 in Japan.
The Goyang Orion Orions, a basketball team based in South Korea, were founded in 1997 and compete in the Korean Basketball League.
The Salters School of Chemistry, a school in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1993 by Samuel Porter, Baron Porter, and is part of Christ's Hospital.
The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation, established in 2001, is a university in Japan with its headquarters in Tokyo. It operates as an agency engaged in administrative execution.
FC Yelets, an association football club based in Russia, was founded in 1968 and plays in the Russian Amateur Football League.
Virgo Fidelis Convent Senior School, a Roman Catholic girls' school located in Upper Norwood, was established on September 1, 1997, and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Southwark.
The Linha do Tua is a railway line in Portugal, officially opened in 1887, which runs to its terminus at Tua railway station and is owned by Infraestruturas de Portugal.
The High Water Marks is an alternative rock band from the United States, signed to Happy Happy Birthday to Me Records. The band includes Mike Snowden among its members.
The 1990 Liverpool City Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, was a local election held in Liverpool to elect members of the Liverpool City Council.
The Nagoya Municipal Subway 6000 series is a class of electric multiple unit subway cars, operated by the Transportation Bureau of the City of Nagoya and manufactured by Nippon Sharyo.
WPLR is a radio station located in Connecticut, United States, which was established in 1944. It is licensed to broadcast to New Haven, Connecticut.
"Spirou et Fantasio" is a comic book album authored and illustrated by André Franquin, featuring the character Fantasio, and it is part of the "Spirou et Fantasio" series.
The Beveridge Award, named after Albert J. Beveridge, is an award that was established in 1939 and is conferred by the American Historical Association in the United States.
Machida Stadium, located in Machida, Tokyo, Japan, was built as a stadium in 1990 and is currently occupied by FC Machida Zelvia.
The Machias River is a river located in Washington County, Maine, United States. It flows into Machias Bay and has the East Machias River as one of its tributaries.
The Henry Ockershausen House, a Queen Anne style house located in Iowa, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Clear Horizons Early College High School, part of the Clear Creek Independent School District in Houston, Texas, United States, was established in 2007 as a high school.
Julia Beljajeva, whose given name is Julia, is a human who participates in fencing and took part in the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was also awarded Estonian Young Athlete of the Year.
"West Bank Story" received an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film, making it both a nominee and the eventual winner of the award.
The film "The Accidental Tourist" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and the award statement is the subject of the film, though it did not win the award.
Mosley Music Group, a record label founded by Timbaland in the United States, was established in 2006 and is a subsidiary of Sony Music.
The Sampoong Department Store collapse, which occurred on June 29, 1995, in the Seocho District of South Korea, was an instance of structural integrity and failure involving the Sampoong Department Store.
The University of Sharjah was established in 1997 and is located in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. It is categorized under the main category "University of Sharjah" and is an institution of higher learning in the UAE.
The Ebenezer Watts House is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Julian Wright, a human, is a U.S. basketball player who competed in men's basketball and was drafted by the New Orleans Pelicans. He was educated at the University of Kansas.
The painting "Thatched Cottages and Houses," which depicts a thatched cottage and is made with oil paint, is part of the collection at the Hermitage Museum. It was originally collected by the businessman Ivan Morozov.
Lincoln Park, a city in the United States, was founded in 1925 and is located in Wayne County, Michigan. It shares a border with Detroit and is situated in the United States.
The Polish Athletic Association, a sports governing body for the sport of athletics, was established on January 1, 1919, and operates within the jurisdiction of Poland.
Uzovce is a municipality in the Sabinov District of Slovakia, with its earliest written record dating back to 1280, marking the same year as its inception.
Chinnor R.F.C., a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1962 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
The 1938 Saskatchewan general election, which took place in Canada, resulted in William John Patterson becoming the successful candidate. This election is part of the list of Saskatchewan general elections and applies to the jurisdiction of Saskatchewan.
Independiente de La Rioja, an association football club based in Argentina, was founded on January 1, 1924, and currently plays in the Torneo Argentino C league.
The Fiat 241 is a car model manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, which follows the Fiat 615 and is followed by the Fiat 242.
CRI Middleware, a business in the video game industry, was founded in 1983 and is based in Tokyo, Japan.
The Congress for Cultural Freedom was an organization that began in 1950 and was headquartered in Paris, where it was administratively located until it dissolved in 1969.
The SNCAO 200 is a French prototype fighter monoplane with one engine, manufactured by SNCAO. Its first flight took place on January 31, 1939.
Guild Software, a video game developer based in the United States with headquarters in Milwaukee, was founded in 1998 and operates in the video game industry.
"Yaaran Da Katchup" is a Punjabi-language film from India that was released in 2014. Jaswinder Bhalla is among its cast members.
The Georgetown Historic District in Georgetown, Ohio, is a historic district located in the United States and designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features Greek Revival architecture.
Isadora Pompeo is a female Brazilian singer born on May 30, 1999.
Hendry Thomas is a human who plays football in the Premier League and is a member of both the Honduras national football team and C.D. Olimpia. He also participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gord Wappel, a human who goes by the given name Gord, was a defenceman who played for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League.
Levdia Municipal Stadium is a stadium located in Greece, operated and occupied by Levadiakos F.C. It officially opened in 1952.
Lavon Lake is a reservoir located in Texas, United States, and it is impounded by the Lavon Dam. The lake's basin is also in the United States.
Big Time Attic is a business that was founded in 2004 by Shadi Petosky and is headquartered in Minneapolis, United States.
Namibia Commercial Aviation, an airline based in Namibia, was founded in 1992 and has its headquarters in Windhoek, with its main hub at Eros Airport.
Perrine's Bridge is a covered bridge located in New York state, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge crosses the Wallkill River.
The Bancroft Trust Building is an architectural structure located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by the architects Fuller & Delano.
FC Inhulets-2 Petrove is a Ukrainian association football club that was established in 2014. The club plays in the Ukrainian Second League.
Gennaro Gattuso coached A.C. Pisa 1909, starting at a certain time and ending at another time, though the specific dates for both the start and end times are not provided.
Juan Francisco Reyes held the position of Vice President of Guatemala, serving from a specified start time to an end time, during which he was replaced by another individual after replacing someone else.
Long Beach High School, part of the Long Beach City School District and located in New York State, United States, was established in 1971 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan, a government agency headquartered in Nur-Sultan and established in 1992, is led by Chairperson Karim Massimov.
Jenny Lake Lodge is a lodge located in Teton County, Wyoming, United States, on the continent of North America. The lodge is named after Jenny Lake.
Siltcoos Lake is a lake located in Lane County, Oregon, United States. It is part of the United States' watershed and its outflow is the Siltcoos River.
South Kirkby Wednesday F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1905 and plays in the South Kirkby Football League.
Bisichi Mining, a company founded in 1910, has its headquarters in London and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Russell Barry held the position of Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham, starting at a specific time and ending at another, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
Hidden Falls at Hanging Rock is a waterfall located within Hanging Rock State Park in North Carolina, United States.
Chris Watson served as the Prime Minister of Australia, starting at a certain time and ending at another, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
MidFlorida Credit Union, a financial services business based in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1954, and has its headquarters in Lakeland, Florida.
The Tolstoy Foundation, a charitable organization founded by Alexandra Tolstaya in 1939, is based in the United States with its headquarters located in Valley Cottage, New York.
"Romance" is a musical composition for guitar that originated in Spain. While it is performed by My Chemical Romance, it is important to note that this "Romance" is different from other uses of the term "Romance."
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Zanzibar is a Catholic cathedral located in Zanzibar City, Tanzania. It serves the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zanzibar and is a significant place of worship for Catholicism.
Golden Words is a student publication that was founded in 1967 and is based in Canada. It is owned by the Queen's Engineering Society and is published in broadsheet format.
AS Ariana is a Tunisian association football club that was founded in 1938. The club plays association football in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Smoky Mountain High School, part of the Jackson County Public Schools in North Carolina, United States, was founded in 1988 and is a high school in North America.
The Brunswick River in North Carolina is a river located in the United States. It flows into the Cape Fear River, which it also serves as a tributary for.
The Boys Union Club, an association football club that plays in the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League, was founded in 1952 and plays its home games at Dasarath Rangasala Stadium.
"Quelli che soffrono per voi" is an Italian-language film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and published in 1951. The film is an Italian production.
Manchester Township High School, part of the Manchester Township School District in New Jersey, United States, was founded in 1974 and is an example of a high school in North America.
Apopka High School, part of the Orange County Public Schools district in Florida, United States, was founded in 1931 and is an example of a high school in North America.
The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, an enterprise in the transport industry, was established on January 20, 1853, in Australia, with its headquarters located in Melbourne.
Nottingham High School, located in Hamilton Township, New Jersey, is part of the Hamilton Township School District and the United States. It is a high school that is a member of the Colonial Valley Conference.
Toba Castle, a Japanese castle located in Toba, Japan, is situated within the Ise-Shima National Park and was owned by Kuki Yoshitaka.
The Hamilton Building, a commercial building located in Portland, Oregon, United States, was designed by architects Whidden & Lewis and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
José Sanfilippo, a human, participated in both the 1958 and 1962 FIFA World Cups and was a member of the sports team San Lorenzo de Almagro.
WKIO is a radio station that began operating in January 1991 and is licensed to broadcast to Arcola, Illinois, in the United States.
Spence Tatchell, a human, played as a defenceman in the National Hockey League and was a member of both the New York Rovers and the New York Rangers.
Yle Radio Suomi is a Finnish radio station that replaced YleQ and is owned by Yle, broadcasting in the Finnish language.
The David Crawford House is a historic house located in New York State, United States, featuring Neoclassical architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marion County Airport in Buena Vista, Georgia, which serves the transportation needs of the area, was established on January 1, 1975, and is located in Marion County, Georgia, within the United States.
StealthNet is free software that was initiated in 2007. It operates on Microsoft Windows and is licensed under the GNU General Public License. The software is programmed using the C# programming language.
Hamilton Southeastern High School, part of the Hamilton Southeastern Schools district in Indiana, United States, was established in 1964 as a high school.
Tyler Shattock, whose family name is Shattock, is a winger who plays for the Kalamazoo Wings and was drafted by the St. Louis Blues.
Daniela Baumer, a human with the given name Daniela and the family name Baumer, participates in canoeing and kayaking. She was a participant in the women's K-4 500 metres event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Slovenian Futsal League, an association football sports league in Slovenia, was established in 1984 and begins its season in autumn.
The Brooks Building, designed by architects William Holabird and Martin Roche in the Chicago School architectural style, is made of steel and features an orange color.
The Packard 180 is a car model manufactured by Packard, which follows the Packard Twelve and is followed by the Packard Clipper.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreón, established on June 19, 1957, is a diocese of the Catholic Church located in Torreón, Mexico, with its headquarters in Torreón and sharing a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gómez Palacio.
Capellen is a canton in Luxembourg, serving as its own capital and being part of the administrative territorial entity of Luxembourg. It is one of the cantons of Luxembourg and shares a border with the Arrondissement of Arlon.
Lambley Viaduct is a Grade II* listed bridge located in Northumberland, United Kingdom, where it crosses the River Tyne.
"The Difference Engine," a steampunk novel authored by William Gibson and published by Victor Gollancz Ltd, is set in London and originates from the United States.
Lydia Ludic Burundi Académic FC is an association football club based in Burundi that plays in the Burundi Premier League. The club's home venue is the Prince Louis Rwagasore Stadium.
North Marston is a village and civil parish located in Aylesbury Vale, United Kingdom. It is also referred to as being the same entity known as North Marston.
Brumunddal is an urban settlement and administrative center in Ringsaker, Norway, recognized by Statistics Norway, and it serves as the capital of Ringsaker.
"Tricky Business" is a British television series that originated in the United Kingdom. Created by Forrest Wilson, it aired on the CBBC network and features Paul Zenon as a cast member.
Robertson Davies was nominated for the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction for his work at a specific point in time.
Het Nieuwsblad, a Dutch-language tabloid newspaper owned by Mediahuis, was established in 1932.
The Koga Cycling Team, a cycling team based in the Netherlands, was established in 1999 and specialized in road bicycle racing until it was dissolved in 2014.
UZO is a business that was founded in 2005 and is based in Portugal, with its headquarters in Lisbon. It operates in the mobile phone industry.
John C. Calhoun served as the Vice President of the United States, starting at a certain time and ending at another, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
Anda Air, a Ukrainian airline founded in 2015, has its headquarters in Kiev and operates with its main hub at Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany).
Tahar Rahim was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
Growing Pains is a British television series that originally aired on BBC One. It is composed by Nigel Hess and is in the English language.
The Friends of the Natural History Museum Paris, a voluntary association founded by Edmond Perrier on January 1, 1907, is a legal entity under the French law of 1901 and is based in France.
Shiraishi Island is an island located in the Seto Inland Sea, within the administrative boundaries of Kasaoka and Okayama Prefecture, in Japan.
Leander High School, part of the Leander Independent School District, is a high school located in Texas, United States. It was established in 1984.
The Wolseley 15/60 is a car model manufactured by the British Motor Corporation under the Wolseley Motors brand. It follows the Wolseley 15/50 and is succeeded by the BMC ADO17.
Coulter Brook is a river located in Delaware County, New York, United States. It flows into the Little Delaware River and is part of the Delaware River basin.
Persikota Tidore is an association football club based in Indonesia that was founded in 1958. The club participates in Liga 2, which is part of the Indonesian football league system.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 492, adopted by the United Nations Security Council on November 10, 1981, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 491 and is followed by Resolution 493.
WHRB is a radio station located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, and has been broadcasting since January 1, 1957.
"The Beat Room" was a television show that aired on BBC Two, starting on July 6, 1964, and ending on January 29, 1965. The publication date for the show was also July 6, 1964.
London, Ohio, which was founded in 1810, is a city in the United States and serves as the capital of Madison County, Ohio, where it is also located.
The South African Class 61-000 is a locomotive class that consists of diesel-hydraulic locomotives with a B′B′ wheel arrangement, manufactured by Henschel & Son and operated by Transnet Freight Rail.
Cogenhoe United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1967 and plays in the United Counties League.
SkyRise Miami, a skyscraper located in Miami, United States, was officially opened in 2018 and was designed by the architectural firm Arquitectonica.
The film "Camelot" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design and won the award. The statement about its win is a subject of discussion.
The Aston Martin One-77 is a supercar and car model manufactured by Aston Martin, following the Aston Martin DB AR1.
Huggate is a village and civil parish located in the East Riding of Yorkshire, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Huggate.
Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School was founded in 1949 by Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung I and is located in New Delhi, India. It is an instance of a school.
The Clarion River is a river located in Pennsylvania, United States, with its mouth flowing into the Allegheny River. It also has the Mill Creek as one of its tributaries.
Yorkend Lake, located in Haliburton County, Ontario, Canada, is a lake with its outflow leading to the York River. The lake's basin is also in Canada.
WAVS is a radio station that was founded on January 1, 1969, and is licensed to broadcast to Davie, Florida, in the United States.
Yao Bin is a human who competed in figure skating, specifically in pair skating, where he was partnered with Luan Bo. Together, they participated in the pairs figure skating event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Rabbit Semiconductor, a business based in the United States, was founded in January 1983 in Davis, California, where it also maintains its headquarters.
The Schell Creek Range is a mountain range located in Nevada, United States, and it is part of the Basin and Range Province. Its highest point is North Schell Peak.
Aeroperlas, an airline based in Panama, was founded on January 1, 1970, and operates with its hub at Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport. It is a subsidiary of AMR Corporation.
"Karate for Life" is a film originating from Japan, with its narrative set in Okinawa Prefecture. The movie features Sonny Chiba in the cast and was originally produced in the Japanese language, distributed by Toei Company.
Zeya Nature Reserve, established on October 3, 1963, is a protected area in Russia, categorized under IUCN category Ia as a Strict Nature Reserve.
"The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey" is an English-language book published by Little, Brown and Company, which is part of the "The Mysterious Benedict Society" series. It follows "The Mysterious Benedict Society" and is followed by "The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma."
WOIR is a radio station that began operations in 1985 and is licensed to broadcast to Homestead, Florida, in the United States.
WMYI is a radio station located in North Carolina, United States, and is licensed to broadcast to Hendersonville, North Carolina. It is owned by IHeartMedia.
Delamain, a cognac producer founded by James Delamain in 1763, is an organization headquartered in Jarnac, France.
Cuverville Island is an island located in the Southern Ocean, near Antarctica, within the Antarctic Treaty area, and is claimed by Argentina.
"Feud of the Trail" is an American film released in 1937, featuring Tom Tyler in the cast. The movie is in English and was produced in the United States.
Southease is a village and civil parish located in the administrative district of Lewes, within the South Downs National Park, in the United Kingdom.
The 1897 Chicago mayoral election, which took place on April 6, 1897, was a mayoral election held in Chicago, United States, where the position of Mayor of Chicago was contested.
The Count Bishops are a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom, formed in the city and signed to Chiswick Records.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1217, passed by the United Nations Security Council on December 22, 1998, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1216 and is followed by Resolution 1218.
Silverwood Lake is a lake located in California, United States, where it receives inflows from the California Aqueduct. The lake is situated within the United States, which is also the country of the administrative territorial entity it is part of.
The Grafton Post Office in Grafton, North Dakota, is a building designed by architect James A. Wetmore and is located in the United States. It is historically significant and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John H. Guyer High School, part of the Denton Independent School District in Denton, Texas, United States, was established in 2005 as a high school.
Levanger Station, which was officially opened on January 1, 1902, is a heritage site in Norway designed in the Art Nouveau style by architect Paul Due and is connected to the Nordland Line.
Pixomondo, a business legally structured as a GmbH & Co. KG, was founded on January 1, 2001, and is headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany.
The Melville Walker House is a historic house located in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States. It is part of the Kennebunkport Historic District and features Italianate architecture.
Bershka, a joint-stock company in the retail industry, was formed in Arteixo, where it also has its headquarters. Bershka is a subsidiary of Inditex.
Indian Handcrafts, a speed metal band formed in Barrie, was founded in 2010 and is signed to the record label Sargent House.
PAOK FC, a volleyball team with black as its official color, plays in the Super League Greece and is headed by coach Abel Ferreira. Their home venue is the Toumba Stadium.
Toutant Airport, an airport located in Putnam, Connecticut, United States, was established on January 1, 1971, and serves the transportation needs of the area.
Wei-Chuan Food Corporation, a business founded by Huang Leih-ho in 1972, is headquartered in Taipei and is now owned by Ting Hsin International Group.
Boyle Park is a park located in Arkansas, United States, which was designed by the Civilian Conservation Corps and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"A Course of Modern Analysis" is a mathematics book authored by E.T. Whittaker and published by Cambridge University Press in 1902.
Borassus madagascariensis, a species of palm tree endemic to Madagascar, was previously known as Borassus flabellifer var. madagascariensis and is listed as an endangered species according to the IUCN.
The New South Wales 45 class locomotive is a diesel-electric locomotive belonging to the locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways. Built by A.E. Goodwin, these locomotives feature a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Jonathan Kemp, whose full name is Jonathan with the surname Kemp, is a human residing in Ipswich. He is married to Jaclyn Hawkes.
Rugby union in the Solomon Islands is a sport played in the geographic region of the Solomon Islands. It falls under the category of rugby union in the Solomon Islands and involves competing in the discipline of rugby union.
The Cedar Falls Post Office, a historic government building located in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States, is a post office building that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Calvin Klein, a clothing company that produces both clothing and perfume, was formed in New York City and is now a subsidiary of PVH Corporation.
Tulemalu Lake is a lake located in Nunavut, Canada, with its outflow leading to the Kunwak River. The lake is situated within the Canadian territory and is part of Canada's drainage basin.
FCA Poland, a joint-stock company based in Poland, was established as a business enterprise in 1992.
The Vienna Philharmonic gold coin, created by Thomas Pesendorfer and made of gold, is a round coin issued by Austria.
Andrew Crummy, a human, was educated at Portobello High School and later obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design.
Mitsuo Fujikura is a male human from Japan who works as a mixed martial artist and participates in the sport of mixed martial arts.
The Carroll Street Bridge is a retractable road bridge located in New York City, United States, and it crosses the Gowanus Canal.
Young Empires is a rock and pop band that was formed in Toronto, Canada, in 2009. They play in the worldbeat genre.
The Renault Vivasix is a car model manufactured by Renault, which follows the Renault Type PG and is followed by the Renault Vivastella.
The Farnese Hours, an illuminated manuscript and a Book of hours, was created by Giulio Clovio and dates back to January 1, 1537. It is currently part of the collection at the Morgan Library & Museum.
Paarl, a town in South Africa, was founded on January 1, 1657, and it serves as the capital of the Drakenstein Local Municipality.
The Division Street Bridge in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, is a road bridge that crosses the Seekonk River and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Redlin Art Center, located in Watertown, South Dakota, United States, is an art museum that was established on June 6, 1997, and is dedicated to showcasing the work of artist Terry Redlin.
Mahabir Singh Rana is a male politician and a member of the Indian National Congress party, born in the Saharanpur district.
White Haven, a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, was founded on January 1, 1842, and is located in the United States. Its establishment marks its first settlement.
Euphorbia is a Brazilian electronic body music band that was formed on January 1, 2005, in Brazil.
The Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey, a sports league for ice hockey, was founded in 1996 and operates in Quebec, Canada.
The Review of Economics and Statistics is a scientific journal that was founded in 1917 and is published by MIT Press. It is edited by Philippe Aghion and is written in the English language.
The Ybor Factory Building, designed by architect C.E. Parcell, is a historic building located in Florida, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Oberliga Westfalen, an association football league in Germany, was established in 1978 and operates above the Regionalliga Nord in the league hierarchy.
Rugby Club Savoie Rumilly, a rugby union team based in France, was founded in 1911 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
Charles Manthorpe was a male human born on March 31, 1836, and he passed away on December 6, 1898.
Santa Terezinha is a municipality in Pernambuco, Brazil, which became an official municipality in 1963. It shares a border with Tabira and is part of the state of Pernambuco.
Blessing Liman, a female human born on March 13, 1984, in Zangon Kataf, is an aircraft pilot.
The Patna--Gaya line is a railway line in India, officially opened in 1900, which is owned by Indian Railways and terminates at Patna Junction railway station.
Sivas Province, which shares a border with Kayseri Province, uses both Turkish and Kirmanjki languages. It contains administrative territorial entities such as Sivas and Ulaş.
Trinity High School, located in Euless, Texas, United States, is part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District and has been operating as a high school since 1968.
Runciman railway station, a train station in New Zealand, was officially opened on 28 July 1879 and closed on 8 December 1918. It was located on the North Island Main Trunk line.
The Downey Building is a commercial building located in Illinois, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features Renaissance Revival architecture.
ToonBox Entertainment is a computer animation company that was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Toronto.
Plattsmouth, Nebraska is a city and the county seat of Cass County, Nebraska, United States, serving as the capital of Cass County.
WOLR, a radio station in the United States, was established in 1977 and is licensed to broadcast to Lake City, Florida, where it is located.
"Out of Oz" is a speculative fiction novel published by William Morrow and Company, and it is part of the series "The Wicked Years." It follows the novel "A Lion Among Men" and continues the narrative in the Land of Oz.
Bar 7 is a hard rock band from California, United States. The band, which includes Jeff Keith among its members, performs rock and pop music.
Abraj Al Lulu, a skyscraper in Manama, Bahrain, was officially opened on March 1, 2009. The building was designed by architect Ja'afar Tuqan.
Bache & Co., a business founded by Jules Bache in 1879, is headquartered in New York City, United States.
The Royal Danish Playhouse, a theater located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, was officially opened in 2008. The playhouse was designed by the architects Lundgaard & Tranberg.
Ola High School, part of the Henry County School District in Georgia, United States, was established in 2006 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
"Once Upon a Mirage" is a Cantonese-language film from Hong Kong, written by Lilian Lee, which was published in 1982.
Nitro Records, a record label founded by Dexter Holland on January 1, 1995, is headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Ordu is a city in Turkey and serves as the capital of Ordu Province. It is twinned with Marmaris.
Blue Island, Illinois, which is part of Cook County, was founded in 1836 and is a city in the United States. It shares its border with Alsip, Illinois.
The film "Fados" was directed by photography Eduardo Serra and features cast members Miguel Poveda and Chico Buarque. The film has origins in both Spain and Portugal.
Pacific Grade Summit is a mountain pass located in Alpine County, California, United States. It is part of the Sierra Nevada range and is traversed by California State Route 4.
The Spencer Street Bridge is a bridge located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, where it spans the Yarra River.
Golda Meir lived in Kiev, which is located in Ukraine. The specific period during which she resided there is defined by a start and end time.
Team Facelift, a hip hop band formed in New York City, was founded on January 1, 2004, in the United States.
CJMS is a French-language radio station that began operations in 1999 and is located in Quebec, Canada.
KBCR-FM is a radio station that began broadcasting on January 1, 1974, and is licensed to serve Steamboat Springs, Colorado, in the United States.
Blyford is a village and civil parish located in the Waveney District of the United Kingdom.
Slobozia, Giurgiu is a commune in Romania, located in Giurgiu County, with Slobozia serving as its capital and containing the settlement of Slobozia.
The Hamilton Waterworks, a pumping station located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada and features Victorian architecture.
The Battle of Radzymin, which took place on April 25, 1809, was a battle during the Austro-Polish War fought in Radzymin, with the Duchy of Warsaw participating.
Exmortus is a thrash metal band from California, United States, and they are signed to the record label Prosthetic Records.
Ingram Micro, a business that began in 1979, is headquartered in Irvine, California, and its stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The company is now part of HNA Technology.
Dekaney High School is a high school located in the Spring Independent School District within Texas, United States. It was established in 2007.
Gmina Leszno is a rural municipality in Poland, located in the Warsaw West County administrative territorial entity. It shares a border with Gmina Kampinos and falls under the category of Gmina Leszno.
Lenartov is a municipality in the Bardejov District of Slovakia, with its earliest written record dating back to 1427, marking its inception in the same year.
CATIA, a computer-aided design software developed by Dassault Systèmes, was first introduced in 1977 and operates under a proprietary software license, with its programming done in C++.
Hi Suhyun is a K-pop musical duo that was formed in Seoul and debuted in 2014 under YG Entertainment.
Proflight Zambia, an airline that began operations in 1991, is headquartered in Lusaka, Zambia, with its main hub at Kenneth Kaunda International Airport.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1357, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on June 21, 2001, follows Resolution 1356 and is followed by Resolution 1358.
Thaicom is a business that was founded in 1991 by Thaksin Shinawatra and is headquartered in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Castelbelforte is a comune in Italy, serving as its own capital, and it is located in the Province of Mantua. It shares a border with Trevenzuolo.
Union Station in Toronto is adjacent to the Bloor GO Station and is connected to it via a connecting line. The connection allows travel towards various destinations from Union Station.
Delia Mathews is a female ballet dancer born in New Zealand in 1990.
"Lasher," part of the "Lives of the Mayfair Witches" trilogy, is an English-language book published by Alfred A. Knopf with cover art by Chip Kidd.
Carnegie Hall Tower, a skyscraper designed by architect César Pelli, was inaugurated in 1991 and is located in Manhattan, United States.
Florin Iordache held the position of President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania, serving from a specific start time to an end time, during which he replaced one individual and was later replaced by another.
McGuireWoods is a limited liability partnership law firm that was founded in 1834 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, United States.
The Gurleyville Historic District is a historic district located in Connecticut, United States, known for its Renaissance Revival architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lebanon High School, part of the Lebanon Community Schools district in Lebanon, Oregon, United States, was founded in 1909 and is an example of a high school in North America.
Laetitia Casta is a human who speaks French as her native language and also uses it for writing and signing. She has received awards such as the Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres and Marianne.
Fantom Warior, a thrash metal band from the United States, was formed in Union Township, Union County, New Jersey, in early 1984.
The Hampden County Courthouse, designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson, is a courthouse located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Firemonkeys Studios, a video game developer based in Melbourne and part of the video game industry, was founded in 1999 and is owned by Electronic Arts.
The MS Silja Serenade is a Finnish ship that serves Mariehamn as its home port. It is owned by Silja Line and was manufactured by STX Finland.
Tashtun is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia, where the official language is Armenian. It shares a border with Lichk in Syunik.
"Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan" is a Mandarin Chinese film produced by Runme Shaw and distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio. It originated from Hong Kong and features Corey Yuen in the cast.
The Settlers Online is a browser-based game developed by Ubisoft Blue Byte and is part of the The Settlers series. Players can interact with the game using both a computer keyboard and a computer mouse.
Buffalo Woman Lake is a lake located in Glacier National Park within Flathead County, Montana, in the United States. It is situated in a protected area and its watershed is also in the United States.
Regenkreis is an administrative region in Bavaria with its capital in Straubing. It is named after the Regen river and shares borders with both Isarkreis and Mainkreis.
Point of Fork Plantation is a historic plantation located in Virginia, United States, known for its Greek Revival architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oroville is a city located in Butte County, California, United States. It was established on January 3, 1906, and includes Memorial Park Cemetery among its landmarks.
The Bhutanese ngultrum, which is the currency of Bhutan, was introduced in 1974 and replaced the Bhutanese rupee at that time.
The 1973 New York state election, which took place in 1973, is an election held in the United States that applies to the jurisdiction of New York state, where candidates contested for positions as members of the New York State Assembly.
"Low Down" is a film produced in the United States with English as its original language. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and produced by Albert Berger, with Christopher Blauvelt serving as the director of photography.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 105, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on July 28, 1954, follows Resolution 104 and is followed by Resolution 106.
The Kayseri Subregion is a statistical territorial entity in Turkey, part of the Central Anatolia Region, and includes the Yozgat Province as one of its parts.
"The Grave" is a novel written by James Heneghan and published in the year 2000. It is a literary work set in Liverpool.
Ipchains is free software developed by Rusty Russell for the Linux operating system. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is written in the C programming language.
The Silas Williams House is a historic house located in Illinois, United States, featuring Queen Anne style architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS), a joint-stock company listed on the Korea Exchange, owns SBS TV and is the parent organization of SBS Media Holdings, which includes the subsidiary SBS A&T.
Blyth Terrace is a historic building located in New South Wales, Australia, where it is used as a dwelling. It is also listed on the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
KSLT is a radio station that began operating in January 1984 and is licensed to broadcast to Spearfish, South Dakota, in the United States.
"Tolerance" is a sculpture made of aluminium, created by Jaume Plensa and located in Houston, United States.
"Love at First Fight" is a television show in Standard Chinese, originating from China, with cast members including Wallace Huo and George Hu.
Brooks Seaplane Base, an airport in the United States, was established on January 5, 1947, and serves Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
The Postal Savings Bank of China, a business headquartered in Xicheng District, was established on January 1, 2007, and its shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Philippe Noiret received a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work at a specific point in time.
Buffalo Creek is a river in the United States that flows through Brooke County, West Virginia, and drains into the Ohio River, which is part of the Ohio River basin.
Michael Deeley received the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work on a film, and the statement about his award is the subject of recognition.
"The Rink" is a musical theater production with music composed by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and a book written by Terrence McNally. It was created by the team known as Kander and Ebb.
The Solar T62 is an aircraft component and part of an engine family manufactured in the United States by Solar Turbines. It is used as an aircraft engine.
Selayar Island is an island located in the Flores Sea, part of the Selayar Islands Regency in South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Mount Pleasant High School, located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, is part of the Brandywine School District and has been operating since January 1, 1830. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Round Mountain Gold Mine is a gold mine located in Nevada, United States, and it is owned by Kinross Gold. The mine produces gold.
Alethia Tanner, a female human born in 1785 in Baden, Maryland, has the family name Tanner.
C Spire, a business in the mobile phone industry, was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Ridgeland, Mississippi, United States.
Cressage is a village and civil parish located in Shropshire, United Kingdom, and it is situated next to the River Severn.
Interstate 73 is part of the Interstate Highway System and was inaugurated in 1997. It is a road located in North Carolina, United States.
"Feeling Minnesota" is a film set in Minnesota, United States, directed in English. The movie features Courtney Love as a cast member and was shot by director of photography Walt Lloyd.
"Aniyaa" is a film from the Maldives, directed and written by Ahmed Nimal, and was published in 2014.
Google Answers, a knowledge market owned by Google, was launched in 2002 but was discontinued in 2006 and later replaced by Google Questions and Answers.
Khiladi 420 is an action film produced by Keshu Ramsay, originally in Hindi, with its country of origin being India, and it is primarily set in Canada.
Nippon Cable, a business that was formed in Tokyo on January 1, 1953, is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
The Kilbourn Bridge is a road bridge located in Iowa, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was designed by the Iowa Department of Transportation.
The Henry Art Gallery, founded by Horace Chapin Henry, is an art museum located in Seattle, United States. It was established on January 1, 1927.
Synapse Gaming, a business in the video game industry, was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ice River Springs, a company in the drink industry, was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Shelburne, Ontario.
OpenPlans is a nonprofit organization based in the United States, with its headquarters in New York state and a presence in New York City, and it was founded by Mark Gorton.
"The Trials of Ted Haggard" is a documentary film directed by Alexandra Pelosi and released in the United States in 2009.
Sharda University, established in 2009, is a university located in Uttar Pradesh, India, and is affiliated with the University Grants Commission of India.
The Barlow River, located in the West Coast region of New Zealand, is a river that flows into the Perth River and has the North Barlow River as its tributary.
"Principles of Economics," written by Alfred Marshall and published in 1890, is a book that falls under the genre of non-fiction literature and focuses primarily on the subject of economics.
The Bradford Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Asian Idol is a television series produced by Fremantle and originally aired on RCTI from December 15, 2007, to December 16, 2007.
LRAD Corporation, founded by Woody Norris in 1980, is a business headquartered in San Diego, United States.
Creative Arts Morgan Village Academy, a high school in Camden, New Jersey, United States, was founded in 1994 and is part of the Camden City School District.
Ningineer Stadium, which was built in 1979, is a stadium located in Matsuyama, Japan, and is occupied by Ehime FC.
The Sanderson House, located at 301 Scottholm Boulevard in Syracuse, New York, United States, is a historic house designed by architect Ward Wellington Ward. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Benjamin Disraeli, also known as The Right Honourable, held the positions of Member of the 16th and 20th Parliaments of the United Kingdom and Chancellor of the Exchequer, and he wrote in the English language.
Soldak Entertainment, a business in the video game industry, was founded on November 22, 2004, and is headquartered in the United States.
British and Commonwealth Holdings, a financial services business, was established in 1955 and had its headquarters in London. The company was dissolved in 1990.
Neo Solar Power, a joint-stock company and business enterprise, was founded in 2005 and has its headquarters in Hsinchu.
St. Raymond High School for Boys, founded by John Corrigan in 1960, is a high school located in New York State, United States.
Jupiter Rising is a rock and pop band that was formed on January 1, 2005, in California, United States. They play in the dance-rock genre.
Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site, a building located in Pennsylvania, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by architect R. Brognard Okie.
"A Farmer's Year," written by H. Rider Haggard and published in 1899, is a book from the United Kingdom and is now in the public domain.
Raging Speedhorn is a heavy metal band that was formed in Corby, United Kingdom, in 1998.
Berkswell is a village and civil parish located in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, United Kingdom.
Arnold Palmer Regional Airport, located in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, United States, is an airport that has been serving the area since its inception on January 4, 1938.
Jerry Moran was educated at the University of Kansas, where he earned an academic degree from the University of Kansas School of Law.
"The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch" is a television show that originated in the United States and aired on CNBC from July 25, 2004, to December 5, 2008.
Iczer Reborn is a mecha anime and manga original video animation (OVA) produced in Japan by the company Anime International Company, and it is in the Japanese language.
KMGV is a radio station located in Fresno, California, United States, and it is owned by Cumulus Media.
Kentisbeare is a village and civil parish located in Mid Devon, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Kentisbeare.
Stuart W. Cramer High School, named after Stuart W. Cramer, is a high school located in the United States within the Gaston County Schools district. It was established in 2013.
The Honda S2000, a car model manufactured by Honda, follows the Honda S800 and is known for its involvement in auto racing.
Dolliver Memorial State Park, located in Iowa, United States, was established on January 1, 1925, and is managed by the Central Design Office in Ames.
RAI uses "Il Canto degli Italiani" as its theme music. The song has a specified start time and end time for broadcast, was composed by a known creator, and is noted for its quality.
The Najiehe Railway Bridge is a bridge located in Guizhou, China, which officially opened in 2016. It crosses the Wu River, a tributary of the Yangtze.
"Moon Palace," written in American English and published by Viking Press, is set in New York City. It follows "In the Country of Last Things" and is followed by "The Music of Chance."
The William Peter Webb House is a Greek Revival style house located in Eutaw, Alabama, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Concord High School, part of the Brandywine School District in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, was founded in 1969 and is a high school located in the administrative territorial entity of Wilmington, Delaware.
Waterville Bridge is a historic bridge located in Pennsylvania, United States, designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chkalov Stairs, a monument designed in Stalinist architecture, was officially opened in 1949. It was jointly designed by architects Vladimir Munz and Alexander Yacovlev.
The Albert Slingerlands House is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features Greek Revival architecture.
Shardara is a human settlement and the capital of Shardara District, which is part of the Turkistan Region in Kazakhstan.
KVH Co., Ltd., a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded on April 2, 1999, and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Creative Diagnostics, a privately held biotechnology company, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in New York City.
Suwannee County Airport, located in Florida, United States, was established on January 7, 1965, and serves the city of Live Oak, Florida.
The Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu passenger railway, which is operated jointly by China Railway Wuhan Group and China Railway Shanghai Group, has its terminus at Shanghai Hongqiao railway station. It includes parts of the Hefei-Nanjing passenger railway and the Suining-Chongqing railway.
Little Jacks Creek Wilderness, established in 2009, is a wilderness area located in Idaho, United States, and falls under IUCN category Ib for protected areas.
"Marriage 2.0" is an English-language film from the United States that was released in 2015. India Summer is a cast member in the film.
The USS Bausell, named after Lewis K. Bausell, is a Gearing-class destroyer operated by the United States Navy for the United States.
The Moriyama Domain was established in 1700 as part of the Han system and was founded by Matsudaira Yorisada. It succeeded the Nukada Domain and was later succeeded by the Matsukawa Domain.
Arunabh Sarkar is a human with citizenship in both Pakistan and Bangladesh, and he speaks Bengali as his native language. He has also received the Bangla Academy Literary Award.
"Hyperspace Delivery Boy!" is a game developed by Monkeystone Games and designed by Tom Hall, published by Linux Game Publishing. It is available on both Microsoft Windows and Linux platforms.
"Christmas Bells" is a television advertisement from the United States, distributed by The Hershey Company and produced by Colossal Pictures. It was published in January 1989.
The Cordillera de los Frailes is a mountain range in Bolivia, part of the Andes mountain system in the Americas. Its highest point is the Nuevo Mundo volcano.
"Agaju: The Sacred Path of Treasure" is an adventure video game developed and published by Gizmondo for their platform.
Shaw Industries, a textile business founded in 1946, is headquartered in Dalton, Georgia, United States.
RapScallions, an alternative rock band, were formed in Hollywood, United States, in 2011.
Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse, a retail business headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, was founded in 1989 and operates in the United States.
The Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic house located in New York State, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1279, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on November 30, 1999, and it follows Resolution 1278 while being followed by Resolution 1280.
Stephen Colbert created "The Colbert Report" and played a character role throughout the show, which aired with a specific start and end time.
Central Balkan National Park, established in 1991, is a national park located in Bulgaria. It falls under IUCN category II: National Park and has been designated as a tentative World Heritage Site.
"A Break Away!" is a painting created by Tom Roberts and was completed on January 1, 1891. It is part of the collection and currently located at the Art Gallery of South Australia.
The Coldwater River National Wildlife Refuge, established in 2000, is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Mississippi, United States, and falls under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow is an institute located in Glasgow, within Glasgow City, Scotland, United Kingdom. It was founded by Peter Lowe and is situated in the country of the United Kingdom.
The Daihatsu Mira Gino is a car model manufactured by Daihatsu, which follows the Daihatsu Cuore and is followed by the Daihatsu Mira Cocoa.
The Sunni Students Council, an international organization with Malayalam as its official language, was chaired by Shafi Bin Khalid and participated in The People's Meeting 2016.
The Nantou County Council, a legislative body in Taiwan, was established in 1950 and applies to the jurisdiction of Nantou County, comprising members who represent the county in its governance.
The Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament and came into effect in 2008. This act applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand.
The 1913 Alberta general election, which took place in Canada, was part of the list of Alberta general elections and resulted in Arthur Sifton becoming the successful candidate for the province of Alberta.
Divinity Destroyed is a progressive metal band that was formed in Toms River, New Jersey, in the United States. The band was founded in 1999 and belongs to the rock and pop music category.
Princeton Airport, located in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, was established on January 4, 1938, and serves as a transport hub for the area.
Jjigae is a Korean stew and hot pot dish that is a type of food, typically containing meat.
The Szczecin Voivodeship Office is an architectural structure located in Szczecin, Poland. It was built in 1911 and designed by the architect Paul Kieschke.
Burlington, Kentucky, which was established in 1799, is a census-designated place located in Boone County, Kentucky, within the United States, and it serves as the county seat of Boone County.
Panzerpappa, a progressive rock band, was formed in Oslo in 1998 and is signed to the record label Rune Grammofon.
"The Wandering Light," a German film produced in Germany with its original language being German, was made by Messter Film. Oskar Messter served as the producer, and Karl Freund was the director of photography for this production.
Emanuel Parzen is a human who was educated at Harvard University and has received several awards, including the Wilks Memorial Award and the Fellowship of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He also mentored Grace Wahba as a doctoral student.
The Changshou Yangtze River Railway Bridge, located in the Changshou District, is a railway bridge that officially opened on November 1, 2006. It crosses the Yangtze River and carries the Chongqing-Huaihua railway.
Vier gegen Z, a German game show produced for the broadcaster ARD, originally aired from April 10, 2005, to November 17, 2007, and featured Monica Bleibtreu as a cast member.
Wisconsin Tower, a skyscraper with an Art Deco architectural style, was built in 1930 and is located in Milwaukee, United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1888, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on September 30, 2009, follows Resolution 1887 and is followed by Resolution 1889.
Nevidzany is a municipality in the Prievidza District of Slovakia, with its earliest written record dating back to 1229.
The Federal Office Building in Seattle is a building designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect for the U.S. Treasury and is located in Seattle, United States. It is historically significant, being listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Computerworld is a publication founded by Patrick Joseph McGovern and published by the International Data Group in the United States. It is written in the Russian language, though it is distinct from other publications also named Computerworld.
"The Boy Kumasenu" is a drama film directed by Sean Graham and published in 1952. It is a Ghanaian production.
North Dakota Highway 1804 is a road maintained and owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation, and it is part of the numbered highways system in North Dakota within the United States.
NBA Jam 2002 is a multiplayer video game that is part of the NBA Jam series, developed and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance platform.
Norden Farm Centre for the Arts is a multi-faceted cultural institution located in Maidenhead, United Kingdom. It serves as both a theater and an arts center, and includes the historic Norden Farm House as part of its structure.
Like a Storm is a hard rock band that originated in New Zealand, formed in Auckland. The band was established in 2005 and falls under the category of rock and pop music.
Vermilion Regional Airport, located in Danville, Illinois, United States, was established on January 3, 1951, and serves as a transport hub for the area.
The Bharathan Effect is a science fiction film in Malayalam, directed by Bharathan, with Biju Menon in the cast and Ramachandra Babu as the director of photography. The film originates from India.
Shubenacadie Grand Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada, with its outflow leading to the Shubenacadie River. The lake is situated within Canadian territory.
Valea Mare is a commune located in Covasna County, Romania. It serves as the capital of the commune and contains the settlement of Valea Mare.
Ebba the Movie is a documentary film from Sweden, written by Johan Donner and featuring Lennart Eriksson as a musician cast member. The film is originally in the Swedish language.
"6ixth Sense" is a reality television series that originated in the United Kingdom. It is presented in English and features Colin Fry as a cast member.
Divya Pillai is a female human born on 23 November 1985 in Dubai, and her citizenship is Indian.
Sercomtel, a business in the mobile phone industry, was founded on January 1, 1968, in Brazil, with its headquarters located in Londrina.
Kazarman Airport, named after Kazarman, is an airport located in Kazarman, serving the area as a transport hub within Kyrgyzstan.
The 2003 Hokkaido gubernatorial election, which took place on April 13, 2003, in Japan, was an election for the position of Governor of Hokkaido Prefecture, with Harumi Takahashi emerging as the successful candidate.
The Indian locomotive class WAP-7 is a type of electric locomotive and an instance of a locomotive class operated by Indian Railways. It was manufactured by the Chittaranjan Locomotive Works and features a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
"Mules and Men," a book authored by Zora Neale Hurston and published in 1935, explores folklore and originates from the United States.
Spotlight Kid is a psychedelic rock band that was formed in Nottingham in 2006. The band includes Chris Davis among its members.
"Mujhe Meri Biwi Se Bachaao" is a Hindi film directed by Harry Baweja and produced by Prakash Mehra, featuring Naseeruddin Shah in the cast. The film is from India.
Lougheed Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, and it is part of the Findlay Group. It is situated next to the Arctic Ocean.
Wardrum, a power metal band formed in Thessaloniki, Greece, was founded on January 1, 2010.
TD Station is an architectural structure located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, where the Saint John Flames, an ice hockey team, play their games.
Lakhon Ki Baat is a Hindi film from India, written by Basu Chatterjee and starring Anita Raj and Farooq Sheikh.
Ledgedale Airpark, an airport in the United States, was established on January 4, 1969, and serves the area around Brockport, New York, which is located in the state of New York.
The 2010 Greek presidential election, which took place on February 3, 2010, was an instance of a presidential election in Greece where Karolos Papoulias successfully contested for the office of President of Greece.
The 1935 Coupe de France Final was held at the Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir and featured Stade Rennais F.C. and Olympique de Marseille as the participating teams. Olympique de Marseille emerged as the winner, with Charles Roviglione scoring a crucial goal.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, headquartered in Sydney, is a central bank that was established in 1960. Its chairperson is Glenn Stevens.
Iferni is a rural commune located in the Driouch Province of Morocco, where Modern Standard Arabic is the official language.
The Guardian, founded by John Edward Taylor in the United Kingdom, is a newspaper in the Berliner format that operates in the journalism industry and has received the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service.
"Port Authority" is a film produced by Martin Scorsese and originating from the United States. The film is set in New York City and features Leyna Bloom and Fionn Whitehead in its cast.
"The Fitzgerald Family Christmas" is an American film with English dialogue, set in New York state, and features actors Edward Burns and Tom Guiry in its cast.
The People's University of Amsterdam, founded by Sebald Rudolf Steinmetz and officially opened on January 15, 1913, is a volksuniversiteit located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Uberto Pasolini received a BAFTA Award for Best Film for his work at a specific point in time.
Kornos FC 2013, named after and headquartered in Kornos, Cyprus, is a member of the Larnaca District Football Association and plays in the STOK Elite Division with their home venue at the Kornos Community Stadium.
"My Dear Desperado" is a South Korean film produced by Yoon Je-kyoon and written by Kim Kwang-sik. It was distributed by Lotte Cultureworks and the original language of the film is Korean.
Pedraza, Magdalena is a municipality in the Magdalena Department of Colombia, where Spanish is the official language. It was established in 1790.
WBIX is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, licensed to broadcast to Boston. It was established on January 1, 1922.
Lapham's Quarterly, a magazine that originated in the United States, was founded in 2007 and is published in New York City, with Lewis H. Lapham serving as its editor.
Yangmingtan Bridge is a bridge located in Harbin, China, which officially opened on November 1, 2011, and it crosses the Songhua River.
Ripky is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, serving as the capital of Ripky Raion and located within the administrative territorial entity of Ripky Raion. This information is sourced from the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The Angel of the Resurrection is a stained glass window created by Louis Comfort Tiffany in 1904. This artwork, which depicts an angel, is part of the collection at the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
"The Allure of Tears" is a drama film directed by Wong Chun-chun and published on January 1, 2011. It is a Chinese production.
Orquesta SCC, a band specializing in rock and pop music with a focus on salsa dura, was formed in 2013 in New York City, United States.
Debbie Stabenow was educated at Michigan State University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Maverik Lacrosse, a business based in the United States, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Mineola, New York. The company produces sports equipment.
KLUQ is a radio station that began operating in January 1997 and is licensed to broadcast to Steelville, Missouri, in the United States.
Ivy Dale Farm is a building located in Delaware, United States, known for its Georgian architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Idun is a modern language indigenous to both Nasarawa State and Kaduna State in Nigeria.
Beat is a Finnish pop music band that originated and formed in Finland. They participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1990.
The Crimson Beech, designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, is a building located in New York State, United States, and it holds the designation of a New York City Landmark.
Pittsburgh International Airport, named after Pittsburgh and serving the city, was officially opened in 1952. It is operated by the Allegheny County Airport Authority and falls under the category of Pittsburgh International Airport.
KB Prishtina, a basketball team that plays in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague, was founded in 1970 and plays its home games at the Palace of Youth and Sports.
Scorpion de Bey is an association football club based in Cameroon that plays in the Elite One league. Their home venue is the Roumdé Adjia Stadium.
Moira Gunn, a female human born in Staten Island, is a podcaster who was educated at Purdue University.
The Don Roman Santos Building, an example of neoclassical architecture, was built in 1894 and is located in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines.
The 1991 Dutch Open, a tennis tournament played on clay courts, was part of the ATP World Series and took place from July 22 to July 28, 1991.
The Jensen 541 is a car model manufactured by Jensen Motors, which follows the Jensen Interceptor (1950) and is itself followed by the Jensen C-V8.
In the 2019 FA Cup Final, Manchester City F.C. won the match against Watford F.C., with goals scored by David Silva and Raheem Sterling.
"My Memories of Old Beijing" is a film originating from China, with its narrative set in Beijing. It was written by Lin Haiyin and is based on her work of the same name, with the original language being Standard Chinese.
YBNL Nation, a record label founded in Nigeria by Olamide, was established in 2012 and covers various music genres.
G.E.M. Membership Department Stores, a retail business that began in 1956, had its headquarters in Detroit but was dissolved in 1973.
The Wild Animal Control Act 1977 is a New Zealand statute that was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament and applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand, coming into effect in 1977.
Lady Mechanika is a steampunk comic book series created and authored by Joe Benitez, and it is published by Aspen Comics.
Hidden Valley High School, part of the Roanoke County Public Schools district in Virginia, United States, is a high school that was established in 2002.
"The Water Gipsies" is a novel written by A.P. Herbert and published in 1930. Set in London, it is an example of a literary work within the novel genre.
The Venlo--Eindhoven railway, an instance of a railway line in the Netherlands operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen, officially opened in 1866. Its terminus is the Venlo railway station.
Dog Faced Hermans is a punk rock band from Edinburgh, United Kingdom, formed in the city and signed to the record label Alternative Tentacles.
The East Hills railway line is a railway line located in New South Wales, Australia. It is owned by RailCorp and maintained by Sydney Trains.
Las Vegas High School, part of the Clark County School District in Nevada, United States, was established in 1993 and is a high school as defined in North America.
Mars Area High School is a high school located in Pennsylvania, United States, within the Mars Area School District. It was established in 1967.
The Wingham Chronicle and Manning River Observer is a daily newspaper published in English and originating from Australia. It is published in Wingham, New South Wales.
Amity University, Noida was established in 1995 and is a university located in Noida, India. It is affiliated with the University Grants Commission in India.
Camp Ripley Bridge is a structure that serves both as a railway bridge and a road bridge, located in Green Prairie Township, Morrison County, Minnesota, United States, and it crosses the Mississippi River.
John Boccieri was educated at Webster University, where he earned an academic degree. The specific end time of his education at Webster University is mentioned but repeats, indicating the completion of his academic program there.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 524, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on November 29, 1982, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 523 and is followed by Resolution 525.
The Hamilton Spectator, a broadsheet-format daily newspaper published in Canada, was founded in 1846 and is currently owned by Metroland Media Group.
KVON is a radio station located in the state of California, United States, and was founded on January 1, 1947. It is licensed to broadcast to Napa, California.
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company, which was founded in 1995, is a coffeehouse based in the gastronomy industry with its headquarters located in Seattle, United States.
"Full Circle," a 2008 film directed by Tony Klinger and originally in English, was released on January 13, 2008, and features Rick Zieff as a cast member.
Lambert High School, part of the Forsyth County Schools district, is a high school in Georgia, United States, that was established in 2009.
"Letters from a Lost Uncle," a novel written by Mervyn Peake and published in 1948, is set in the Arctic.
Sri Sairam Institute of Technology, an engineering school affiliated with Anna University, was established in 2008 and is located in Chennai, India.
The American Fern Journal, which began in 1910, is a scientific journal published in English that focuses on polypodiophyta (ferns) and is based in Washington, D.C.
The Radford Highlanders are a university and college sports club representing Radford University in the United States, participating in both association football and basketball.
The Hampton County Courthouse, located in Hampton, South Carolina, is a historic courthouse with an Italianate architectural style. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Solomon River is a river located in Kansas, United States, and it flows into the Smoky Hill River. It has the North Fork Solomon River as one of its tributaries.
Danny Kirwan was a member of Fleetwood Mac, where he held a role starting at a certain time and ending at another time within the band.
Nanjing Normal University, founded on January 1, 1902, is a university located in Nanjing, China. It includes Ginling College as a subsidiary.
The Neversink River is a river located in New York state, United States. It flows into the Delaware River and is part of the Delaware River basin.
WLTT is a radio station that began operating in January 1989 and is licensed to broadcast to Carolina Beach, North Carolina, in the United States.
Akita Prefectural Baseball Stadium is a stadium located in Akita City, Japan. It was officially opened in 2003 and hosts the Japanese High School Baseball Championship.
The Santa Fe Depot in Oklahoma City officially opened in 1934 and was re-opened in 1999. It closed officially in 1979 and is adjacent to the Norman Depot, with connecting service provided by the Heartland Flyer.
Calumet High School, part of the Chicago Public Schools district, is a secondary school located in Illinois, United States. It was established on January 1, 1909.
Everett Memorial Stadium is a baseball park located in Washington state, United States. It is owned by the Everett School District and occupied by the Everett AquaSox.
The Mitsubishi FTO is a sports car model manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, which is known for its brand. It was followed by the Mitsubishi Eclipse.
Olivia Ruiz is a French pop musician signed to Polydor Records. She performs using her voice and primarily speaks and writes in French, which is also her native language.
"Fan * Tastik" is a Philippine TV series that aired from February 27, 2011, to May 22, 2011, and was created by the TV5 Network.
Three Gateway Center is a skyscraper located in Pittsburgh, United States. It was built in 1952 and its architects are Eggers & Higgins.
UFC 140 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in Toronto, Canada.
Ekibastuz Airport, named after the city of Ekibastuz, is an airport located in the Pavlodar Region of Kazakhstan and serves the transport needs of Ekibastuz.
Al Azim Mosque, located in Malacca City, Malaysia, was established on January 1, 1990, and features Islamic architecture.
Smartface is a software company based in the United States, with its headquarters in Palo Alto, California.
JEFF the Brotherhood is a rock and pop band from Nashville, Tennessee, in the United States. They are signed to Dine Alone Records and play garage rock.
Soyuz TM-21, launched on a Soyuz-U2 rocket on March 14, 1995, landed in Kazakhstan on September 11, 1995, marking a significant landing event.
Operation Smile, a nonprofit organization founded in 1982, is headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia, and is based in the United States.
WEGP is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1960, and is licensed to broadcast to Presque Isle, Maine, in the United States.
Hampden Bridge in Kangaroo Valley, New South Wales, Australia, is a suspension bridge that was officially opened on May 19, 1898, and it crosses the Kangaroo River in the Shoalhaven region.
The Medina Armory is a historic armory located in New York State, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Victorian architecture.
The 14th Street bridges are a series of bridges located in Washington, D.C., United States, which officially opened in 1903. These bridges cross the Potomac River.
"La reina del mambo" is a Rumberas film in the Spanish language, originating from Mexico, with cast members including Gustavo Rojo and Roberto Cobo.
Earth Observing-1, an Earth observation satellite operated by NASA, was launched on November 21, 2000, from Vandenberg Air Force Base Space Launch Complex 2 using a Delta II launch vehicle.
Wibawa Mukti Stadium is a stadium located in Bekasi Regency, Indonesia. It was officially opened in 2014 and is the home ground of Persikasi Bekasi.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1103, adopted on March 31, 1997, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1102 and is followed by Resolution 1104.
The Westmount Examiner, a Berliner-format newspaper published in Canada, was founded in 1935 and is owned by Transcontinental.
WDOH is a radio station located in Ohio, United States, which was founded in 1972 and is licensed to broadcast to Delphos, Ohio.
The Cheyenne Frontier Days Arena is a sports venue located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States. It is owned and occupied by Cheyenne Frontier Days.
The 2019 UN Climate Action Summit, which took place on September 23, 2019, at the Headquarters of the United Nations in the United States, was a convention focused on climate action.
The Armenian First League, an association football league in Armenia, was established in 1992 and begins its season in March.
The Los Angeles Times Building is an office building located in California, United States. It was designed by architect Gordon Kaufmann and inaugurated in 1935.
Chess Crusade is a traditional video game for the Nintendo DS that was published on May 30, 2008, and originates from the United Kingdom.
The British Society for Parasitology, an organization founded on April 1, 1962, is based in Bedford, United Kingdom, and focuses its work on the field of parasitology.
The South-East-Central Railway Sports Club is an association football club based in India that plays in the National Football League (India). Their sport is association football, and they play their home games at the Cooperage Ground.
The Hornsdale Wind Farm, named after Hornsdale in South Australia, operates under Neoen and uses wind turbines manufactured by Catcon. It is important to note that the Hornsdale Wind Farm is different from the Hornsdale Power Reserve.
The 283 series is a class of electric multiple units, operated by the West Japan Railway Company since its service entry on July 31, 1996. Manufactured by Hitachi, it is an instance of a train class within the broader category of electric multiple units.
Ketaki Narayan, a female human born in Akola, is an actor.
Ismael Sueno is a male politician who was born in Koronadal and is a member of the Probinsya Muna Development Initiative political party.
The SS Aud is a ship built by Bergen Mekaniske Verksted for Norway. It entered service in 1907 and was retired in 1916.
The Jarbidge River is a river located in Idaho, United States, and it flows into the Bruneau River. It is part of the Snake River basin.
"Deface" is a short film published on January 1, 2007, starring Joseph Steven Yang. The film is in the Korean language and was produced in the United States.
The film "The Danish Girl" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, with the nomination being a subject of discussion, although it did not win the award.
Urbandale High School, part of the Urbandale Community School District in Iowa, United States, was founded on January 1, 1916, and is a high school in North America.
The SS Arctic was a paddle steamer with its home port in New York City, operated and owned by the Collins Line.
"Mariinsky Theatre" is a film directed by Margy Kinmonth, published in 2008. The film is in English and originates from the United Kingdom.
Marcha is a Spanish-language newspaper from Uruguay that was founded on June 23, 1939, and was edited by Carlos Quijano.
Westminster High School, located in Westminster, California, United States, was established on September 10, 1959. It is a state school and part of the Huntington Beach Union High School District.
The Marvel Trading Card Game, developed by Vicious Cycle Software and published by Konami, uses the Vicious Engine and is available on Microsoft Windows in the format of a ROM cartridge.
Abed Hamdani Stadium is a football stadium located in El Khroub, Algeria. It serves as the home ground for AS Khroub.
Western Hills High School, located in Benbrook, Texas, United States, is part of the Fort Worth Independent School District and was established in 1968 as a high school.
Coulter Field, also known as Bishop's Coulter Field, is a stadium located in Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada. It is owned by Bishop's University and occupied by the Bishop's Gaiters.
Second Hand Rose is a rock band from China that was formed in the year 2000. Influenced by heavy metal music, they play rock music and are part of the rock and pop genre.
Romavia, an airline based in Romania, was established in 1991 and operated with its hub at Aurel Vlaicu International Airport until it was dissolved in 2010.
Currency Exchange International, a financial services business that began operations in 1998, is headquartered in Orlando, Florida, and its stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Seiichi Kita is a male general officer from Japan.
The Free Papua Movement is a nationalist liberation movement that operates in Papua province, Indonesia. It was founded in 1965 and seeks to liberate the region from Indonesian rule.
The Deutscher Schriftstellerverband, an advocacy group for writers, was established on May 22, 1952, in East Germany. It was chaired by Hermann Kant and was dissolved on January 1, 1990.
Internacional de Toronto, a Canadian association football club, was founded in 2014 and plays its home games at Lamport Stadium.
The Hellenic Philotelic Society, an organization based in Athens, Greece, was founded in 1925 and focuses on the field of philately.
"Hydrogen Jukebox" is an opera composed by Philip Glass, with both the lyrics and libretto written by Allen Ginsberg. It is in the English language.
Borah High School, part of the Boise School District in Idaho, United States, was established as a high school on January 1, 1958.
Mephiskapheles is a ska band that was formed on January 1, 1990, in New York City, United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1847, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on December 12, 2008, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1846 and is followed by Resolution 1848.
Schneider National, a logistics business founded in 1935, is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, and operates in the United States.
Penncrest High School is a high school located in the Rose Tree Media School District within Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 1955.
Nexteer Automotive, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Saginaw, Michigan. The company's stock is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Cambridge Public Library, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a library that holds a special heritage designation as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by architect Henry Van Brunt.
The Mohali International Hockey Stadium is a stadium located in Mohali, India, where field hockey is played. It is the home ground of the Punjab Warriors.
Casino Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium located in Bregenz, Austria, where association football is played. It is occupied by the team SC Bregenz.
The Datsun Type 17 is a car model manufactured by Datsun, following the Datsun Type 16 and followed by the Datsun DA.
The Turkish Historical Society, which was established in 1931, is a government agency based in Turkey that focuses on the study of the history of Turkey.
KJKS is a radio station that began operations in January 1984 and is licensed to broadcast to Kahului, Hawaii, in the United States.
Emtel, a business in the mobile phone industry, was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Ebene CyberCity, Mauritius.
129 West Trade is a building located in North Carolina, United States, which was designed by the architects Harrison & Abramovitz and officially opened in 1958.
MV Aureol is a British ocean liner built by Alexander Stephen and Sons, with its location of final assembly in Govan. It has its home port in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
Charles Winsor, a human, is employed at Iowa State University where he holds the position of Editor-in-chief. He was also a student of William John Crozier, who served as his doctoral advisor.
Helena Sandsmark is a fictional human character created by John Byrne in comics. She is known by the given name Helena and is the mother of Wonder Girl, whose full name is Cassie Sandsmark.
Shigatse is a prefecture-level city in China, located in the Tibet Autonomous Region. It serves as the capital of Rinpungpa and includes Tingri County among its administrative territorial entities.
Angel tube station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards King's Cross St Pancras.
The Geffen Award, named after Amos Geffen and conferred by the ICon festival, is a literary award that was established in 1999 in Israel.
Ghulam Ali Khan, a male human born in Delhi, is a painter who specializes in portrait genre.
"Men of Mathematics," a book written by Eric Temple Bell and published by Simon & Schuster in 1937, focuses on the history of mathematics.
Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish located in the Braintree District of the United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Great Maplestead.
Frankford Stadium was a stadium located in Pennsylvania, United States, which served as the home field for the Frankford Yellow Jackets. It was demolished on July 27, 1931.
Soyuz TM-25, launched on a Soyuz-U space launch vehicle on February 10, 1997, landed in Kazakhstan on August 14, 1997, marking a significant landing event.
"The Sound of Music" film received an Academy Award for Best Film Editing and was both a nominee and the winner of this category. The statement regarding its win is recognized as part of the award's history.
Penrith Nepean United FC, an association football club based in Australia, was founded on January 1, 1957, and is currently headed by coach Ante Juric.
Garden Key Light is a lighthouse located in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It was in service from 1826 until its retirement in 1924.
Kings County Distillery, a business based in the United States, was founded in 2009. Its headquarters and location of formation are both in New York City.
MicroSociety, a business founded in 1991 by George H. Richmond, is headquartered in Philadelphia, United States.
Anatolia College, an educational institution founded by Charles H. Tracy on January 1, 1886, is located in the municipality of Thessaloniki, Greece.
"World's Best Science Fiction: 1968," edited by Terry Carr and published by Ace Books, is part of the "World's Best Science Fiction" series, following the 1967 volume and preceding the 1969 volume.
Annie Hall was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and ultimately won the award. The statement about her winning the award is well-known.
Mitchell County High School, part of the Mitchell County School District in Georgia, United States, was established in 1980 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
WSSV, a radio station that began operations in 1973, is licensed to broadcast to Mechanicville, New York, and is located in the state of New York, United States.
The Quarters is a rock band that originated in Melbourne, Australia. They were formed on November 12, 2005, and play rock music.
Pointer Telocation, an Israeli business founded in 1991, has its headquarters in Rosh HaAyin and is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Ananda College, founded by Henry Steel Olcott on January 1, 1886, is a school located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Garinger High School, part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district, was founded in 1909 and is located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
The Chevrolet Prisma, a car model manufactured by General Motors do Brasil, was introduced in 2006 and followed the Chevrolet Corsa.
Sons of Elvis is an alternative rock band from the United States, formed in New York City. They are signed to Priority Records and belong to the rock and pop genre.
The Krank Manufacturing Company building, located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, is a historic structure designed by architects Toltz, King & Day. It is recognized as a significant building and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Man with the Iron Fists" is a film produced by Eric Newman and distributed by Universal Pictures. Filmed in Shanghai, the movie originates from the United States and is in the English language.
CHSM, a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1964, is licensed to broadcast to Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada.
The National Theatre of Greece, located in Athens, was established in 1880 and is an example of a theater structure in Greece. It was designed by the architect Ernst Ziller.
Nabeshima Station is adjacent to Saga Station and is connected to it via a connecting line, with services heading towards Saga Station.
The University of Pittsburgh was founded in 1787 by Hugh Henry Brackenridge and is known for its mixed-sex education. Initially established as a private university, it later evolved into a public-private partnership.
Gluecifer is a punk rock band that originated in Norway, formed in Oslo in 2005.
The Cheylesmore Memorial, a public art piece designed by Edwin Lutyens, is a Grade II listed building made of Portland stone.
Brown County Airport, located in Ohio, United States, is an airport that began operations on January 4, 1971, and serves the area around Georgetown, Ohio.
The Palacio de Deportes de Santander is an arena located in Santander, Spain, which was officially opened in 2003. It is occupied by the CD Estela.
The AAC Angel is a transport airplane model with two engines, originating from the United States, where it was also first flown on January 13, 1984.
The Century Magazine, a magazine published in New York City, was founded on January 1, 1881, in the United States and ceased publication in 1930.
The DHB-Pokal, a handball sports festival in Germany, began in 1974 and starts its season in August.
Raymond, Mississippi, which became a city on January 1, 1829, is the capital of Hinds County, Mississippi, and is located within the United States.
The Phenomenauts, a psychobilly band originating from Oakland, California, in the United States, were formed in the year 2000.
New World China Land, a public limited company founded by New World Development, is a subsidiary of New World Development and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It also owns the Rosewood Hotel Group.
The Shadrinsk Telephone Plant, established in 1941, is a business headquartered in Shadrinsk and operates as an open joint-stock company.
Moses, a male horse born in 1819, had Seymour as his father and Gohanna mare as his mother. He was also the father of a horse named Jewess.
The 2017 Laurence Olivier Awards, which took place on April 9, 2017, at the Royal Albert Hall, is an award ceremony in the series of Laurence Olivier Awards, and was presented by Jason Manford.
Central Bucks High School East, part of the Central Bucks School District, is a high school located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 1969.
Soo Catwoman is a female human born in the United Kingdom, where she also holds citizenship. Her family name is Lucas.
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a video game developed by Clever Endeavour Games and published on the Humble Store for the Linux platform on March 4, 2016.
The Jan Van Eyck Academie, an art school specializing in performing arts, was founded in 1948 and is located in Maastricht, Netherlands.
"The Struggle," an animated film directed by Marcell Jankovics and produced in Hungary, was published in 1977 and received a Category II rating.
The 1998 film "The Thin Red Line" is set during the Guadalcanal campaign and features a notable cast including Will Wallace, Elias Koteas, and John Cusack. The film's soundtrack was released under the title "The Thin Red Line."
The Edmonton Journal, a broadsheet-format daily newspaper, was founded in 1903 and is based in Edmonton.
The Adivasi Lok Kala Academy, a cultural institution founded by the Government of Madhya Pradesh, was established in 1980 and is located in Madhya Pradesh, India.
ILWIS is an application software that operates on Microsoft Windows using the C++ programming language and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
The SBI Group, led by Chief Executive Officer Yoshitaka Kitao, is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and owns several subsidiaries including SBI Investment, SBI Card, and SBI Sumishin Net Bank.
Steve Tesich was nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work, and the statement about his award is a subject of discussion.
Cheapair, a software company, was founded in 1989 and has its headquarters in Calabasas, California.
Piedmont Institution, a school founded by Methodists on January 1, 1889, is located in Rockmart, Georgia, United States.
WSKP (AM) is a radio station that began operating in 1985 and is licensed to broadcast to Hope Valley, Rhode Island, United States, where it is located.
Southend United F.C., whose official color is blue, is headed by Phil Brown, a footballer born in 1959. The team plays its home games at Roots Hall, which, along with Fossetts Farm Stadium, is owned by the club.
"The Wonder Kid" is a film distributed by British Lion Films and produced by London Films. It features Bobby Henrey in the cast, was edited by Reginald Beck, and its director of photography was Günther Anders, also known as the cinematographer.
HMS K1 is a British K-class submarine operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom. It was assembled at Portsmouth.
Namco Museum Vol. 1 is a video game compilation that was published for the PlayStation console in 1995. It is part of the Namco Museum series.
Sawyer Island is part of the Pitt Islands and is located in the Bellingshausen Sea off the coast of Antarctica. It is situated within the Antarctic Treaty area and is an island in the continent of Antarctica.
DrChrono was founded in 2009 and is a privately held company headquartered in Mountain View, California. It operates as both an enterprise and a business.
Rosa 'Nevada' is a rose cultivar that was created in 1927 by Pedro Dot in Spain.
Hiroden Streetcar Route 9 is a tram line operated by Hiroshima Electric Railway in Japan. It terminates at Hakushima Station and is part of the Hiroshima Electric Railway system.
Earl J. Lennard High School, part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools district in Florida, United States, is a high school that was established in 2006.
The Psychoactive Substances Act 2013, a statute legislated by the New Zealand Parliament, applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand and came into effect in 2013.
Barkha Sharma is a female human who was born in Mumbai and is a fashion designer. She was educated at Purdue University.
Mankivka is a Ukrainian urban-type settlement that was established in 1965. It serves as the capital of Mankivka Raion and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Mankivka Raion in Ukraine.
Rydell National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1992, is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. It falls under IUCN category IV, which designates it as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
"A Handful of Fog," a novel written by Sami Michael, was published on January 1, 1979, and is set in Iraq.
Doncho Donchev, a male human born on August 22, 1974, in Gabrovo, is a painter.
The Orange Walk People's Stadium is a stadium located in Orange Walk District, Belize, where association football is played. It is occupied by Juventus FC (Belize).
Villa Palagonia is a Baroque-style villa located in Bagheria, Italy, designed by the architect Tommaso Napoli.
The Conestoga River is a river located in Pennsylvania, United States, with its mouth emptying into the Susquehanna River. It also receives water from tributaries such as the Cocalico Creek.
Lone Star Airlines, an airline based in the United States, was founded in 1984 and operated with its main hub at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport until it ceased operations in 1998.
The Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, which opened in 1986, is a hotel located in Nevada, United States, and it includes a casino as part of its facilities.
The Sittaung River is a river in Myanmar, located in the Bago Region, and flows into the Andaman Sea on the continent of Asia.
News Outdoor Group, a privately held company and business enterprise, was founded in 1995 and has its headquarters in Moscow.
Manjul Bhargava, a Hindu mathematician and member of the American Mathematical Society, was a student of Andrew Wiles, who also served as his doctoral advisor. Bhargava received the Fields Medal for his contributions to mathematics.
The Presque Isle River is a river located in Michigan, United States, with its mouth at Lake Superior and a drainage basin within the Lake Superior basin.
4AD is a record label founded in 1980 by Ivo Watts-Russell and headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
WANB is a radio station located in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, which is part of the United States. It began broadcasting on January 1, 1956.
Stoke City F.C., which plays in the Premier League, is currently owned by the Bet365 Stadium and has Gary Rowett as its head coach. The team's home venue is the Bet365 Stadium.
Lee Mendelson Films, an animation studio founded by Lee Mendelson in 1989, is headquartered in Burlingame, California, United States.
The Flood, a 1994 French film produced by Daniel Toscan du Plantier and shot in Saint Petersburg with photography by Vladimir Pankov, was originally made in the French language.
"The Canyons" is a film directed by Tim Hunter with a narrative set in Los Angeles, United States. The movie was filmed in Los Angeles, and its original language is English. John DeFazio served as the director of photography for the film.
Lake Sylva is a reservoir located in New Jersey, United States, and it is fed by Shabakunk Creek. The lake is impounded by the Sylva Lake Dam.
The Big Ten Conference, which was founded in 1896, is a college athletic conference headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois, and is known for its American football competitions. The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is one of its member institutions.
Tolyatti is located in the Moscow Time zone, which has a specific start and end time for daylight saving adjustments.
Laff En Roll is a Philippine TV series created and originally aired by GMA Network. It is produced in the Philippines and spoken in the Filipino language.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2066, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on September 17, 2012, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 2065 and is followed by Resolution 2067.
Changwon NC Park is a sports venue and stadium located in South Korea, where baseball is played. It is occupied by the NC Dinos.
Minot High School, part of the Minot Public Schools district, was established in 1887 and is located in North Dakota, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
"The Legend of Bruce Lee," created by Shannon Lee and originally aired on China Central Television, started on October 12, 2008, and ended in December 2008. The show is from China.
Governador Valadares Airport, located in Minas Gerais, Brazil, serves the city of Governador Valadares and is named after it. The airport is an instance of an airport that operates within the administrative territorial entity of Minas Gerais.
Muhammad Alhamid was educated at Hasanuddin University, where he obtained an academic degree. The end time of his education at Hasanuddin University is mentioned but not specified.
Vizrt, a business headquartered in Bergen, Norway, was founded in 1997 and its stock is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The Electoral Act 1993, a New Zealand statute legislated by the New Zealand Parliament, applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand and came into effect in 1993.
The Anarchist Manifesto, written in French by Anselme Bellegarrigue and published on April 1, 1850, is a manifesto that primarily discusses anarchism.
WKFL is a radio station that began operations in 1986 and is licensed to broadcast to Bushnell, Florida. It is located in Florida, United States.
Spitting Off Tall Buildings is a punk rock band from Germany, signed to Sanctuary Records. The band includes Jana Pallaske among its members.
NZXT, a business in the electronics industry, was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Los Angeles. The company produces peripheral products.
Masterseek, a business founded by Rasmus Refer, was formed in Denmark and has its headquarters in New York City. The company was established in 1999.
Jeremy Renner received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
London Trams, a transportation authority owned by Transport for London and operating in the United Kingdom, was established in 1999 and operates the Tramlink system.
The China National Machinery Industry Corporation, a business headquartered in Beijing, China, was established on January 1, 1997, and has the China Machinery Engineering Corporation as one of its subsidiaries.
"Vengeful Beauty" is a Hong Kong film produced by Run Run Shaw through the Shaw Brothers Studio. The film is in Mandarin Chinese and features Wang Lung-wei in its cast.
Ostia is an Italian film directed in Italy, with its narrative set in Rome. The film was originally produced in the Italian language, and it features Mario Mancini as the director of photography and Nino Baragli as the film editor.
Mikhail Burla, a human and a member of the Renewal political party in Transnistria, holds a Candidate of Economic Sciences degree from Shevchenko Transnistria State University.
"Save the Tiger" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and the film's nomination was the subject of a notable statement. However, it did not win the award.
Borneo Orangutan Survival, a non-governmental organization founded by Willie Smits, was established in 1991 and is located in Bogor, Indonesia.
Hansen Bridge is a bridge located in Idaho, United States, where it spans the Snake River and carries Idaho State Highway 50.
Lacey-Keosauqua State Park, located in Van Buren County, Iowa, United States, was established on January 1, 1921, and was designed by the Central Design Office in Ames.
"The Power of the Past" is an Italian film directed by Luca Bigazzi with cinematography by the same, featuring Sandra Ceccarelli as a cast member and Francesca Livia Sartori as the costume designer. The film originates from Italy.
Hunan Valin Steel is a business in the ferrous metallurgy industry, headquartered in Changsha, China, and its stocks are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
"Jeevan Mrityu" is a Hindi film produced by Tarachand Barjatya and distributed by Rajshri Productions. The film features Ajit in the cast and is from India.
The Pilica is a river in Poland that flows through Poland and empties into the Vistula. It has the Zwlecza as one of its tributaries.
Hallandale High School, part of the Broward County Public Schools district in Florida, United States, was established in 1973 as a high school.
Pembroke, Georgia, founded in 1892, is a city in the United States and serves as the county seat of Bryan County, Georgia.
Sergey Ling held the office of Prime Minister of Belarus, starting at a certain time and ending at another, replacing one individual and being replaced by another.
"Colours of Wind" is a film or TV show originally in the Japanese language, with a country of origin listed as both Japan and South Korea. The cast includes Yoshiko Nakada and Yoshihiko Hakamada.
The Lyon Street Bridge is a road bridge located in Oregon, United States, where it spans the Willamette River. It is maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
The National Parks Act 1980 is a New Zealand statute that was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament and applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand, coming into effect in 1980.
The ROSEN Group, a business legally structured as an Aktiengesellschaft, was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Stans, Germany.
James Earl Rudder High School, located in Texas, United States, is a high school that was established in 2008 and is part of the Bryan Independent School District.
Hellenic Seaways, a business owned by the Attica Group, was founded on January 1, 2005, in Athens and has its headquarters in Kallithea.
Qatalyst Partners, a business founded by Frank Quattrone in 2008, is headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Shangganling District, named after the Battle of Triangle Hill, is a district in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China, and it includes the administrative territorial entity Weiguo Forest Farm.
The Transept Trail is a trail located within the Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona, United States. It offers views of the Grand Canyon.
Di Tsayt is a Yiddish-language newspaper published in New York City, United States, where it also originated.
Miss World Chile 2013 is an edition of the beauty pageant series Miss World Chile, which took place in Chile in 2013.
Worthing Rugby Football Club, a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1920 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
Catfield is a village and civil parish located in North Norfolk, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Catfield.
Cedar High School, part of the Iron County School District in Utah, United States, was founded on January 1, 1940, as a high school.
The Eshima Ohashi Bridge is a bridge located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan, which officially opened on October 16, 2004, and it crosses the Nakaumi.
The 1899 Chicago mayoral election, which took place on April 4, 1899, was a mayoral election held in Chicago, United States, where candidates competed for the position of Mayor of Chicago.
The Unity Party, established on November 17, 2009, is a political party in Hungary with its headquarters in Budapest. It adheres to the political ideology of the Third Way.
The Tahquamenon River is a river located in Michigan, United States, with its mouth at Lake Superior and a drainage basin in the Lake Superior basin.
Kalyazin is the capital of the Kalyazinsky District, which had specific start and end times for its establishment.\n\nNote: There seems to be a repetition in the provided triples regarding the "start time" and "end time." To avoid redundancy, I've mentioned these aspects once each in the sentence. If there are specific dates or additional details about the start and end times, they should be included for a more precise description.
Shapingba District, an administrative district in China, was established on August 1, 1939, and is located in Chongqing. It includes the Xinqiao Subdistrict.
The Barrandov Bridge, designed by architect Karel Filsak, was officially opened on September 20, 1983. It crosses the Vltava river and carries the Prague City Ring Road, and it is named after Barrandov.
EVoice is a business based in the United States, founded by Wendell Brown, with its headquarters also located in the United States. The company operates in the service industry.
Skelton Dam is a dam located in York County, Maine, United States. It is situated on the Saco River and serves the Saco River basin.
Cowichan Lake is a lake located in British Columbia, Canada. It is part of the Canadian drainage basin, and its outflow is the Cowichan River.
The Bloodsugars are an indie rock band based in the United States, formed in New York City. They are signed to Engine Room Recordings and belong to the rock and pop genre.
The Saigon Central Post Office, located in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, was established in 1891 and designed by the renowned architect Gustave Eiffel.
The Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, discovered on March 12, 1968, is an oil field located in Alaska, United States, and is operated by BP.
Spastic Ink, a progressive metal band originating from the United States, was formed in 1993 and includes Ron Jarzombek among its members.
Augustus Pugin, a human described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900, was known for his notable work on the Palace of Westminster and communicated in the English language both spoken and written.
The 1959 Malayan general election, which took place in 1959, was an election in Malaysia where Tunku Abdul Rahman successfully contested for the position of Prime Minister of Malaysia.
IBC News Tonight is a Philippine TV series created and originally broadcast by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation. It is produced in the Filipino language and originates from the Philippines.
Dubno Castle is a castle located in Dubno, which is part of Rivne Oblast in Ukraine. It was founded by Konstanty Ostrogski.
University of Windsor Stadium is a stadium located in Ontario, Canada, and it is owned by the University of Windsor. The Windsor Lancers are the occupants of the stadium.
"The Mistletoe Inn" is a romantic comedy television film from Canada, distributed by the Hallmark Channel, which was released in 2017.
Tall Heights is a rock band that was formed in Boston, United States, in 2009. The band includes Tim Harrington among its members.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1088, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on December 12, 1996. It follows Resolution 1087 and is followed by Resolution 1089.
"Spoon" is a television show from the Philippines, created and originally aired on Net 25, with Janice de Belen as a cast member.
Super Sentai is a Japanese television series that started on April 5, 1975, and was created by TV Asahi. The show is originally in the Japanese language.
The Maine Department of Transportation, a department of transportation in the United States, was established in 1913. Its headquarters are located in Augusta, Maine, and it serves the state of Maine.
Louis Gossett Jr. received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture for his work, which was recognized at a specific point in time.
The Popular Socialist Union, a socialist political party in Chile, was founded on October 12, 1967. Its headquarters are located in Santiago.
Sinochem, a business in the petroleum industry, was founded on January 1, 1950, and has its headquarters in Beijing. It also owns Sinofert as a subsidiary.
The Battle of Vaikal, which took place on April 1, 1465, in Ohrid, was a battle fought as part of the Ottoman wars in Europe and involved the Ottoman Empire.
"Clockwork Princess" is an English-language novel originating from the United States, with its narrative set in London. It follows "Clockwork Prince," and its cover art was created by Cliff Nielsen.
The 1956 film "The Rainmaker" was directed by Charles Lang, featured costumes designed by Edith Head, production design by Hal Pereira, and editing by Warren Low. The narrative location of the film is set in Kansas.
The Profile in Courage Award, named after John F. Kennedy and conferred by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, is a courage award that originated in the United States in 1989.
"I'm with Stupid" is a TV series created by Peter Keeley, which originally aired on BBC Three from September 10, 2006, to October 15, 2006, in the English language.
The Churchill Mountains, part of the Queen Alexandra Mountains, are a mountain range located in Antarctica within the Antarctic Treaty area. The highest point in this range is Mount Albert Markham.
William Rehnquist held the position of Chief Justice of the United States, a role he was appointed to and began serving with, replacing his predecessor. He served in this capacity until his end time.
"Keeping the Promise" is a film or TV show originally produced in the United States and narratively set in Maine. It features English as its original language and includes cast members such as Gordon Tootoosis and Allegra Denton.
The 1936 Tour de France started and ended in Paris, concluding on August 2, 1936. It followed the 1935 Tour de France and was followed by the 1937 Tour de France.
Johnny Society is an alternative rock band based in the United States, signed to Messenger Records, and features Kenny Siegal among its members.
The Comal River is a river located in Texas, United States, and it flows into the Guadalupe River. The Comal River is part of the Guadalupe River basin.
"Junga" is a Tamil-language film produced by Vijay Sethupathi Productions and distributed by Arun Pandian. The film was originally made in India and was edited by V.J. Sabu Joseph.
WMCM is a radio station that was established on January 1, 1968, and is licensed to broadcast to Rockland, Maine, in the United States.
Radio Werewolf is a gothic rock band from Los Angeles, United States. The band includes Nikolas Schreck among its members.
The 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup, organized by the Women's Tennis Association, is part of the 2014 WTA Tour and follows the 2013 Brasil Tennis Cup. It includes a doubles event and is classified as a women's sports competition.
The Saab 92 is a car model manufactured by Saab Automobile, which follows the Saab Ursaab and is succeeded by the Saab 93.
"Mr. President," a TV series created by Johnny Carson and primarily focused on politics, originally aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company and is distributed by NBCUniversal Television Distribution. The show is in the English language.
Deal Island, an island located in the Kent Group, is situated in Tasmania, Australia, and is next to Bass Strait.
La Sylphide is a ballet choreographed by Filippo Taglioni, composed by Jean Schneitzhoeffer, and with a libretto by Adolphe Nourrit. It had its first performance on 12 March 1832.
Shirokanedai Station is adjacent to Shirokane-takanawa Station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services heading towards Shirokane-takanawa Station.
Clements High School, part of the Fort Bend Independent School District, is a high school located in Texas, United States. It was established in 1983.
The 2012--13 Austrian Football Bundesliga was a season of association football organized by the Austrian Football Association in Austria. This season was part of the Austrian Football Bundesliga league.
Minor International, a retail business founded by William Heinecke in 1978, has its headquarters in the Phra Khanong District.
The FIBA Americas Under-20 Championship for Women is a basketball championship for women that was inaugurated in 2002. This competition takes place during the summer and is a subclass of championships focused on women's sports.
Tillamook High School, which is part of the Tillamook School District in Oregon, United States, was established in 1951 and is an example of a high school in North America.
Seini is a town in Romania, located in Maramureș County, where it also serves as its own capital.
Hancock High School in Chicago was established in 1999 and is part of the Chicago Public Schools district. Located in Illinois, United States, it is an instance of a high school in North America.
WCZQ, a radio station in the United States, was established in 1991 and is licensed to broadcast to Monticello, Illinois, where it is located within the state of Illinois.
Richard Lloyd Jones Jr. Airport, located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States, is an airport that was established on January 7, 1958, and serves the transportation needs of the area.
"Road Show" is a musical theatre production with music, lyrics, and a libretto by Stephen Sondheim and John Weidman, respectively, and it is distinct from another work also titled "Road Show."
Kufrsoum SC is an association football club based in Jordan that plays in the Jordanian Pro League. The club's home venue is the Prince Hashim Stadium, and they compete in association football.
Dmosin is a village in Poland, located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Dmosin, where it also serves as the capital. However, Dmosin is distinct from Gmina Dmosin itself.
Sweet Inn, a private limited company headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel, was founded in 2014.
Animusic, a business founded by Wayne Lytle in 1995, is headquartered in Ithaca, New York, and is owned by Wayne Lytle.
The Snake River Plain is both a plain and a valley located in Idaho, United States, and it is part of the Snake River basin.
Kreisleriana is a musical composition composed by Robert Schumann and published in 1838 in Germany. It is now in the public domain.
KHEX is a radio station located in California, United States, which began broadcasting in 1998. It is licensed to serve Concow, California.
Massimo Pallottino, whose given name is Massimo, is a human who received the Erasmus Prize and teaches Francesca Ridgway. He speaks, writes, or signs in the Italian language.
Amarume Station is adjacent to Kita-Amarume Station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services heading towards Kita-Amarume.
The 66th Street station on the IRT Ninth Avenue Line is a metro station located in Manhattan, United States. It was officially closed on June 11, 1940.
The Botan River is a river located in Siirt Province, Turkey, where it flows into the Tigris. The river's basin is also within Turkey.
"Cannes Man" is a film shot in Cannes, France, with its original language being Norwegian. The film features American cast members Jon Cryer and Dennis Hopper.
"Love Games" is an Indian film produced by Vishesh Films and distributed by T-Series. The film was produced by Mukesh Bhatt and its original language is Hindi.
Mang Inasal, a business founded by Edgar Sia, was formed in Iloilo City and began operations in 2003. Its headquarters are located in Pasay.
The Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1998, is located in Maine, United States, and falls under IUCN category IV as a habitat/species management area.
Stephan Dupuis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling for his work, and a statement about this nomination is subject to recognition.
Merchants Bridge is a bridge located in Illinois, United States, which officially opened in 1889. It crosses the Mississippi River.
Eversholt is a village and civil parish located in Central Bedfordshire, United Kingdom.
Flaunden is a village and civil parish located in Dacorum, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Flaunden.
The Americana Group, founded in 1964, is a public company headquartered in Kuwait City and operates as a business enterprise.
Dolna Bela Crkva is a village located in the Resen Municipality of North Macedonia. It is situated within the administrative territorial entity of Resen Municipality.
Spongehead is a noise rock band that was formed in New York City in January 1985. They are from the United States and play rock and pop music.
Michiko Kuwano is a female human of Japanese ethnicity, with citizenship in Japan.
"The Bouncer" is an action film with a narrative location in Belgium. It was produced in both France and Belgium, and the original language of the film is French.
KHGG (AM), a radio station in the United States, was established in 1982 and is licensed to broadcast to Van Buren, Arkansas. It is located in the state of Arkansas.
The Bosque River is a river located in Texas, United States, and it flows into the Brazos River, with its drainage basin being part of the Brazos River basin.
The Phoenix Tower in Houston is a skyscraper located in Texas, United States. It was designed by HKS, Inc. and inaugurated in 1984.
Anna Margareta von Haugwitz, a female member of the Wrangel family, is a human who was married to Carl Gustaf Wrangel.
Gold Creek Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia. It is situated on Gold Creek and creates the Gold Creek Reservoir.
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience is a scientific journal published in English that focuses on cognitive neuroscience. It was founded on January 1, 1989, and is published by MIT Press.
Dufayel Island is an island located in the Ezcurra Inlet and is part of the South Shetland Islands in Antarctica. It falls within the Antarctic Treaty area.
New Kingston is a reggae band that was formed in New York City in 2006. They are a rock and pop band instance with origins in the United States.
Ultraman Tiga: The Final Odyssey is a Japanese film originating from Japan, distributed by Sony Pictures. The film features actors Mio Takaki and Hiroshi Nagano in its cast and is in the Japanese language.
Iripajuk Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, and it is part of the Arctic Archipelago. It is situated near Chesterfield Inlet.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 908, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council, was published on March 31, 1994, and it follows Resolution 907 while being followed by Resolution 909.
Moorsele Airfield, an airport located in Wevelgem, Belgium, is named after Moorsele and serves the transportation needs of Moorsele.
The Evans Scholars Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in the United States, founded by Chick Evans. It focuses on golf and is headquartered in Golf, Illinois.
The Peugeot Type 56 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot, following the Peugeot Type 25 and followed by the Peugeot Type 58.
Carla J. Shatz, who earned her Doctor of Philosophy degree, has been awarded the Kavli Prize, the Weizmann Women & Science Award, and the Champalimaud Vision Award. She was also a doctoral student under David H. Hubel.
JFK Stadium in Springfield, Missouri, is a stadium that opened officially in 1957. Located in the United States, it is occupied by Evangel University.
Kangra Airport, operated by the Airports Authority of India, is an airport located in Himachal Pradesh, India, serving the region of Kangra, Himachal Pradesh.
Stadionul Aurul is a stadium located in Brad, Hunedoara, Romania. It was officially opened in 1930 and is currently occupied by the CSA Aurul Brad football club.
Distributel, a privately held telecommunications company, was founded on January 1, 1988, and has its headquarters in Ottawa.
Techmarscincus is a species, classified under the taxonomic rank of species, and is endemic to Queensland. It is listed as a vulnerable species according to the IUCN conservation status.
The Radzyner Law School, founded by Uriel Reichman in 1994, is a law school located in Herzliya, Israel.
The Topdivisie, a futsal league in the Netherlands, was inaugurated in 1968 and typically starts its season in the autumn.
WGMP is a radio station that began broadcasting on January 1, 1949, and is licensed to serve Montgomery, Alabama, in the United States.
Charles Brenton Huggins received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, awarded together with another recipient.
Ruggles Island is an island located in the Falkland Sound and is part of the Falkland Islands, an administrative territorial entity of the United Kingdom.
Global Bioenergies, a business founded in 2008, is a French company with its headquarters in Évry, Essonne. The company produces isobutylene.
"The Late Edition" is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom and premiered on BBC Four on March 3, 2005. Marcus Brigstocke is a cast member of the show.
The British Basketball League, a sports league for basketball in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1987 and starts its season in October.
Dinabandhu Institution, a college affiliated with the University of Calcutta, was established in 1948 and is located in Shibpur, India.
WBHY (AM), a radio station in the United States, was established in 1984 and is licensed to broadcast to Mobile, Alabama, where it is located within the state of Alabama.
"Spectra" is a series of light art installations that originated in 2008 in Australia, created by Ryoji Ikeda.
LearnVest, a software business founded by Alexa von Tobel in 2009, is headquartered in New York City.
The 9th Filmfare Awards, part of the Filmfare Awards series, was an award ceremony held on May 20, 1962, in Mumbai, India.
WJDY is a radio station located in Maryland, United States, owned by IHeartMedia and licensed to broadcast to Salisbury, Maryland.
Margaret Mee was educated at Camberwell College of Arts, where she completed her academic degree in her major field of study.
Medr Babur is an association football club based in Ethiopia that plays in the Ethiopian Premier League. The club's home venue is the Dire Dawa Stadium.
Boardman Creek is a river located in Idaho, United States, with its mouth flowing into the Boise River within the Boise River basin.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1648, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on December 21, 2005, is a United Nations Security Council resolution that follows Resolution 1647 and is followed by Resolution 1649.
Six Hits and a Miss is a rock and pop band that formed on January 1, 1937, in Los Angeles, United States. They are associated with Decca Records.
The William Watts Sherman House, designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson, is a single-family detached home located in Newport, Rhode Island, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Beat Crusaders are a pop punk band from Tokyo, Japan, formed in the country's capital. They are signed to Defstar Records and belong to the rock and pop music genre.
WRTB is a radio station located in Illinois, United States, and it is owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting. The station is licensed to broadcast to Winnebago, Illinois.
"You're in Love, Charlie Brown" is a television special directed by Bill Melendez, created by Charles M. Schulz, which originally aired on CBS in the United States.
Ars Americana Ars Politica, a written work focusing on American literature, was published in 2010 by McGill-Queen's University Press and was authored by Peter Swirski.
Vilhelm Buhl served as the head of government in Denmark, with his term starting at a certain start time and ending at a certain end time.
Patanjali Ayurved, a business founded by Ramdev in 2006, is headquartered in Haridwar, India.
Mount Coolum National Park, established in 1990, is a national park located in Queensland, Australia. It falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Central High School of Clay County, located in Lineville, Alabama, is part of the Clay County School District and is a high school that was established in 2012 in the United States.
London Mills Bridge is a historic bridge located in Illinois, United States, which crosses the Spoon River. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Apaporis River is a river and watercourse located in Colombia, with its mouth flowing into the Japurá River, and it drains into the Amazon basin.
The J.A. Wood House is a single-family detached home located in Massachusetts, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was designed by architects Hartwell and Richardson.
The South River, which is a tributary of the South Fork Shenandoah River, is a river located in Virginia, United States. It flows into the Shenandoah River and is part of the Shenandoah River basin.
Kipahigan Lake is a lake located in both Saskatchewan and Manitoba, which are administrative territorial entities in Canada. The lake's watershed also lies within Canada.
4 World Trade Center, designed in the modern architectural style by architect Fumihiko Maki and structurally engineered by Leslie E. Robertson, is located on Greenwich Street and is occupied by the New York Board of Trade.
Jan Hejda is a human who played in the National Hockey League for both the Colorado Avalanche and the Edmonton Oilers, and he was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres.
Joseph Fahys & Co., a company founded by Joseph Fahys in 1857, is headquartered in New York City.
Wet Beaver Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Arizona, United States, categorized under IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area. It is distinct from the Beaver Creek Biosphere Reserve.
Suburban Station, which officially opened on September 28, 1930, is connected to the SEPTA Main Line and was designed by the architectural firm Graham, Anderson, Probst & White in the Art Deco style. The station is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Kali Troy is a female human belonging to the African American ethnic group, and she was educated at Clark Atlanta University.
Gemdale Gangxia Tower 1, a skyscraper designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox, was initiated in 2018 and is located in Shenzhen, China.
Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology, an engineering school in India located in Asia, was founded in 2007 and is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad.
"The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey" is a time travel film from New Zealand, primarily set in the 1980s. Its narrative takes place in Cumbria, and it was mainly filmed in New Zealand.
Panda Energy International, a business headquartered in Dallas, United States, was founded in 1982 and has a subsidiary called Impact Wrestling.
The DC3 is an alternative rock band that formed in Melbourne in 2010. One of its members is Damian Cowell.
The Macedonian Second Football League, an association football league in North Macedonia, was established in 1992 and begins its season in August.
Rabin Mukherjee College, established in 1964, is a college located in the Kolkata district of India and is affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
International Exchange Bank, a business that was formed in Manila and had its headquarters in Makati, was established in 1995 and ceased operations in 2007.
Damerham is a village and civil parish located in the New Forest District of the United Kingdom.
The Highland Railway Loch Class, designed by David Jones, has a 4-4-0 wheel arrangement and was manufactured by both North British Locomotive Company and Dübs and Company. It was operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
Kamyabi is a film produced, written, and partially acted in by Pervez Malik, with Nadeem Baig as a cast member. The original language of the film is Urdu, and it is from Canada.
CB Granada, a basketball team based in Spain, was founded in 1994 and plays its home games at the Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada.
The MSC Seaview is a cruise ship built by Fincantieri and operated by MSC Cruises. It is based in Malta with its home port in Valletta.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 214, which was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and published on September 27, 1965, follows Resolution 213 and is followed by Resolution 215.
St. Andrew Bobola Parish in Dudley, Massachusetts, is a parish in the United States that was established in 1963 and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester.
The 1850 Chicago mayoral election was a mayoral election held in the city of Chicago, United States, where the office of Mayor of Chicago was contested. This election took place in the year 1850.
Belgrade Bus Station is a bus station located in Savski Venac, Belgrade, Serbia, where it serves as a transport hub for the city and is owned by Belgrade.
South Elmsall is a town and civil parish located in the City of Wakefield, within the United Kingdom. It is also referred to as being the same entity as South Elmsall.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1215, adopted by the United Nations Security Council on December 17, 1998, follows Resolution 1214 and is followed by Resolution 1216.
"Alhaji," a novel written by Ebou Dibba, was published on January 1, 1992. The narrative is set in The Gambia.
Parameshwara College in Jaffna, Sri Lanka, was founded by Ponnambalam Ramanathan and established as a school in 1921. It is located in the administrative entity of Jaffna.
The Bourne film series, named after Jason Bourne and based on the Bourne Trilogy, includes films such as "The Bourne Identity," "Jason Bourne," and "The Bourne Legacy."
Iji is a Metroidvania video game for Microsoft Windows that was published on September 1, 2008, and is available for download.
The Film Festival of the Faculty of Informatics was inaugurated in 2001 and is held annually in Brno, Czech Republic. This film festival primarily focuses on short films.
Eva Pawlik, who was educated at the University of Vienna and speaks German, is married to Rudi Seeliger and partners with him in pair skating competitions.
Pomonkey Creek is a tributary located in Maryland, United States, with its mouth emptying into the Potomac River. It is part of the Potomac River basin.
The Product is an alternative rock band that was formed in Wales Township, Michigan, in 2009. They are based in the United States.
Lokichogio Airport, an airport located in Lokichogio, Kenya, is named after the town and serves as a transport hub for it.
Patthar Aur Payal is a Hindi film directed by Harmesh Malhotra and produced in India. The film features Ajit Khan and Hema Malini in its cast.
Marc Norman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, though the statement about him winning it is incorrect or subject to confusion.
Olympic Gold Quest, a nonprofit organization founded by Geet Sethi in India, was established in 2001 and has its headquarters in Mumbai.
UFC 7 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, which took place on September 8, 1995, in the United States.
Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport, which serves Staunton, Virginia, is an airport that was established on January 8, 1958, and is located in the United States.
Laura Airport, located in Queensland, Australia, is operated by the Shire of Cook and serves the town of Laura, Queensland. It is an airport that plays a crucial role in the region's transportation needs.
Futura International Airways, a Spanish airline that began operations in 1989, had its main hub at Palma de Mallorca Airport and ceased operations on September 7, 2008.
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk, an ice hockey team from Russia, was founded in 1968 and plays their home games at the Neftekhimik Ice Palace.
Spring Creek Dam, an embankment dam located in Shasta County, California within the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, was built in 1963 and is situated in the United States.
UFC 4 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, which took place on December 16, 1994, in the United States.
Balsham is a village and civil parish located in South Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom. It is noted to be the same entity referred to as Balsham.
Stanly County Airport, an airport located in Albemarle, North Carolina, United States, was established on January 1, 1979, and serves the transportation needs of the area.
Birsa Agricultural University, established in 1984, is a university located in Jharkhand, India, and is affiliated with the University Grants Commission of India.
National City Tower, a high-rise building designed by Harrison & Abramovitz, was officially opened in 1972 and is located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Presbyterian Healthcare Services, a business founded on January 1, 1908, is headquartered in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and operates in the United States. It includes Presbyterian Hospital as one of its subsidiaries.
Mustjala is a village in Estonia that serves as the capital of Mustjala Parish and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saaremaa Parish.
The Battle of Gomit, which took place in Ethiopia in 1445, was a battle involving participants from both the Adal Sultanate and Ethiopia.
"Agnes of God" is a play written in English by John Pielmeier, which had its first performance in 1979 at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center.
Highspeed Hayride is a country music band that was formed in Victoria, Texas, in 2002. They are based in the United States and play rock and pop music as well.
In the 1934-35 Cypriot First Division, APOEL FC participated and played its home games at their home venue.
Admiral Fallow is a rock and pop band that formed in Glasgow.
"Pullet Surprise" is a traditionally animated film that originated from the United States.
Htop is an operating system tool for macOS that can be started on the macOS operating system. \n\nNote: There seems to be a slight inconsistency in the provided triples, as "Htop" is typically a process viewer and system monitor tool rather than an operating system itself. Assuming the intent was to describe how Htop operates on macOS, the sentence has been adjusted accordingly. If "Htop operatingSystem MacOS" was meant to indicate the environment where Htop runs, it would be more accurate to say that Htop runs on macOS.
At the 1966 Australian Grand Prix, Jackie Stewart secured both the pole position and the fastest lap.
Donald Hall was a Royal Air Force officer who held allegiance to the United Kingdom.
Donald J. Trump State Park was donated by Donald Trump at a specific point in time.
Bidhya Devi Bhandari is the head of state of Nepal, and she began her role at a specific start time.
Henri Poupart-Lafarge was educated at École Polytechnique, where he attended its school class.
The MS National Geographic Explorer has its home port and port of registry in Nassau, Bahamas.
Jonathan Harker is the protagonist of the narrative.
"Smiling Girl" was created by Han van Meegeren and is known to be a forgery after his style.
In the 1977 Preakness Stakes, Seattle Slew was the winner, with jockey Eddie Maple riding him to victory.
Europa Island is a territory claimed by France, although this claim is disputed.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex wore her wedding dress at the time of her wedding.
Meghan Markle's wedding dress features Cornus canadensis, which symbolizes this plant.
Gare do Oriente is connected by the Linha do Norte railway line.
Paul Evdokimov is a citizen of France. The start period of his French citizenship is not specified further.
Thomas Wayne is a superhero in his work, occupying the role of a superhero. \n\nFor clarity and fluency, we can rephrase it slightly:\n\nThomas Wayne works as a superhero.
Venyovsky District is located in the administrative territorial entity of Moscow Oblast and its main category is Venyovsky District.
Lucky Jack.tv is a television channel that was launched on January 1, 2010.
Pedro Lemebel received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Alma Wilson was educated at Oklahoma City University and began her work period in 1941.
Eurocorps started its operations in Spain.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to have an incomplete structure. Assuming it means that Eurocorps started its presence or operations in Spain, the sentence is constructed accordingly.)
Li Po Chun United World College is headquartered in Hong Kong, which is a country. Note: For clarity, it should be noted that Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China, though the given information suggests treating it as a country for the context provided.
Peter M. Neumann received the Senior Whitehead Prize at a specific point in time.
Marius de Vries is a human with the given name Marius.
Peter Quinn held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Iren Nigg won the European Union Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Levi Garcia is a member of the sports team AZ Alkmaar. The specific start time of his membership with AZ Alkmaar is mentioned.\n\nNote: There seems to be a slight inconsistency in the predicate "aZAlkmaar [O] start time" which might be intended to be "memberOfSportsTeamStartsAt". Assuming the intention was to indicate when Levi Garcia started with AZ Alkmaar, the sentence aims to include all provided information coherently. If more precise information about the start time is available, it can be added for clarity.
Ivan Pavlov was awarded the Copley Medal at a specific point in time.
Peter Siebold received the Iven C. Kincheloe Award at a specific point in time.
PGA Championship Golf 2000 is a golf video game developed by EA Salt Lake.
Samantha Betts is a member of the South Australian Scorpions, and she started with the team at a specific time.
The Freel Farm Mound Site is located in Tennessee, which is part of the United States.
Andrew Wawn received the title of Emeritus, which indicates his distinguished status in his field.
Bango plc is a website based in the United Kingdom.
Clare Burrage received the Institute of Physics James Clerk Maxwell Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Slade Point is located in South Australia, which is a part of Australia.
Blufin is a joint-stock company that was formed in Carpi, Emilia-Romagna.
Japan National Route 284 began operation in 1970 and is maintained by Iwate Prefecture.
Gerson Goldhaber received the Panofsky Prize at a specific point in time.
Petchey Academy was founded on September 1, 2006, and is sponsored by the Jack Petchey Foundation.
Tomie dePaola received the Children's Literature Legacy Award at a specific point in time.
Mastaba S3503 is a mastaba located in Egypt.
Ramscraig is located in the Highland council area within the United Kingdom.
Leroy Cronin received the Tilden Prize at a specific point in time.
"20th Century Masters -- The Millennium Collection: The Best of Heavy D & The Boyz" is an album published in the United States, with the title and content in the English language.
The Mysuru Warriors is a cricket team based in India.
The Motion Lounge is located in New York state, which is part of the United States.
Sergei Wojciechowski received the Order of the Star of Romania at a specific point in time.
Ann Catley is a human who is described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900.
Cowtown Guitars, a business, was founded in 1990.
Walter Lewin is known for his lectures on physics and received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Elaine Ostrander is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, though the specific start time of her membership is not provided.
"The Winner" is a novel written in English and published by Grand Central Publishing.
Avery Brooks is a cast member of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, where he plays a character role.
Anjan Bista is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Malcolm Blight received the Magarey Medal at a specific point in time.
Olimpiada Neapolis FC is headquartered in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia. The start time for their activities in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia, is also mentioned.\n\nFor clarity and coherence, we can rephrase it slightly:\n\nOlimpiada Neapolis FC is headquartered in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia, and the start time of their activities there is noted.
Crowe Hall is a house located in the United Kingdom.
Patna is a Lok Sabha constituency in India.
Jorge Drexler received the Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year at a specific point in time.
Kanjari Boriyavi Junction is a train station located in India.
"Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" was produced by Tony Macaulay and was followed by "It's Up to You" in Petula Clark's discography.
The Yamaha SR250 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company.
Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker received the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Alcara li Fusi is located within the Metropolitan City of Messina. The Metropolitan City of Messina began governing the area at a specific start time.
Cahaya LRT station is adjacent to Cempaka LRT station, and it connects to it directly.
Jung Jae-yong is a member of the sports team FC Anyang, where he started his time with the team.
Tora is a human settlement located in Egypt.
Maryam Namazie was awarded the title of Secularist of the Year at a specific point in time.
The Cordillera de Rentema is a mountain range located in Peru.
Kirk Franklin's Praise is a radio station owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Fatehpur in Kasur is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Susan M. Dray was awarded the ACM Fellow distinction at a specific point in time.
John Barrett served as an Auxiliary Bishop, holding the position within a diocese.
Arnór Ingvi Traustason is a member of the Iceland national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
The Marshalltown Formation is a geological formation located in the United States.
The Falkenberg railway is a railway line located in Sweden.
W.S. Merwin won the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize at a specific point in time.
In the movie "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters," Bruce Campbell serves as a voice actor and plays a character role.
Zollie Volchok received the NBA Executive of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Indus Age is a periodical publication based in Australia.
The Ministry of Communications in Morocco is an instance of a ministry of communications and its headquarters are located in Rabat.
Voitsberg is a member of the Climate Alliance and joined the organization at a specific start time.
Jean Alexandre is a member of the Haiti national football team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Ashland Place Historic District in Phoenix, Arizona, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Staxx of Joy is a band that performs rock and pop music, originating from the United States.
Caroline Nichols Churchill was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
The Oued Oum el Hallalif is a watercourse located in Tunisia.
Alan Gilbert, an American academic, received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Alan Taylor, a director, received an Emmy Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Keenan Wynn was a cast member in "The Shaggy D.A." and played a character role in the film.
Jesse L. Martin is a cast member of the TV show "Law & Order," where he plays a character role.
The New Jersey Network is a government agency that was established in 1991.
The Kenai Peninsula Orchestra is an orchestra with its origin in the United States.
The Champaign County Courthouse in Ohio is a courthouse located in the United States.
Giuseppe Candido held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Lauren Steadman was educated at Kelly College and competes in paratriathlon.
Reiner Kunze received the Robert Schuman Medal and was awarded by the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
Clint Hinchliffe is a member of the Perth Scorchers sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
In the episode "Spock's Brain," Nichelle Nichols starred as the character role of Uhura.
Space Shower Music, a record label, was established on September 14, 1999.
Alexandria City Hall is designated as a Virginia Historic Landmark.
Woody Herman received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
CSCL Zeebrugge is a container ship registered in Hong Kong.
Chipo Mugeri is a human and a member of the Zimbabwe national cricket team.
The A3 highway in Sri Lanka is a road located in the country of Sri Lanka.
Albian Ajeti is a member of the Switzerland national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Scott Daruda is a member of the Australia A national rugby union team, where he started his involvement with the team.
Marilyn Ramenofsky participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
Dean Barrow is the head of government in Belize, and he started his role at a specific start time.
The Blackwood distillery is located in the Shetland administrative territorial entity, where it plays a significant role within Shetland.
George Westinghouse received the IEEE Edison Medal at a specific point in time.
In the movie "Captain America: The First Avenger," Hayley Atwell plays a character role.
Sasson Somekh received The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture at a specific point in time.
Adrienne Bailon is a cast member in "The Cheetah Girls: One World" and plays a character role in the film.
"La Caroline" is a musical composition composed by Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach.
The International Virtual Aviation Organisation is an organization that was founded on December 16, 1998.
X v United Kingdom is a legal case that took place in the United Kingdom.
Andreas Mihaiu is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo București, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Eitan Ginzburg is a member of the Israel Resilience Party, though the specific start time of his membership is not provided.
Chris Albright was educated at William Penn Charter School and is a member of the United States men's national soccer team.
In the movie "Thor: The Dark World," Christopher Eccleston plays a character role.
Coalport East is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Daren Stone is a human who is a member of the Calgary Stampeders sports team.
Karnail Singh Stadium is a cricket field located in India.
Alfred Harker received the Wollaston Medal at a specific point in time.
Viktor Frayonov was a citizen of the Soviet Union until its dissolution.
Prince Charles Island is a part of Foxe Basin and is an instance of an island within it.
The Bob Paine Trophy is an ice hockey award given in the United States.
In the 2018 Volta Limburg Classic, Marco Tizza won the race, while Eddie Dunbar led the general classification of race participants.
Harakpur is a human settlement located in Nepal.
Gideon Robert University was founded in 2010 and is located in Zambia.
Angelo Tsarouchas is a human with the given name Angelo.
John Huston was the recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
The Clifton South tram stop is connected by the Nottingham Express Transit line and is adjacent to the Summerwood Lane tram stop.
Japan National Route 283 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which oversees part of the route.
San Gregorio da Sassola is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Mark Versallion, whose given name is Mark, was educated at Britannia Royal Naval College.
Nicole Arendt won the WTA Karen Krantzcke Sportsmanship Award at a specific point in time.
The Podvodnyye Islands are islands located in Azerbaijan.
Burleigh Fields is a historic house located in the United Kingdom.
The A93 road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Perth and Kinross, where it serves a significant role.
Isobunnai Station is adjacent to Shibecha Station, with Shibecha Station located in the direction specified towards it.
Nobilis is a tabletop role-playing game that was published in 1999.
In the production "Marie Curie: The Courage of Knowledge," Samuel Finzi is a cast member who plays a character role.
Ingrid Lorentzen received the Telenor Culture Award at a specific point in time.
Chryssa Kouveliotou was educated at the Technical University of Munich, where she completed her studies.
Port Talbot Town F.C., which plays its home games at Victoria Road in Port Talbot, is coached by Scott Young, a Welsh footballer.
The Market Quarter is located in Belfast, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Giofra was born on March 11, 2008, and her father is Dansili.
Demetris Christofias has been affected by nephrotic syndrome at a certain point in time.
Polar Studios is a recording studio located in Sweden.
"Tjong i baljan!" is a radio program that originates from Sweden.
Morjärv railway station is connected by the Haparanda Line and is operated by Green Cargo.
Andrey Smolyakov plays a character in the film "Viking."
Anya Shrubsole is a member of the Somerset Women cricket team, where she started her involvement at a specific start time.
The Hassan I Dam is an embankment dam located in Morocco.
Swan 66 is a boat that originates from Argentina.
The Los Angeles Alligator Farm is a farm located in the United States.
Pieter Francis Peters was born in Nijmegen, though the specific point in time of his birth in Nijmegen is mentioned but not detailed further.
The Dagenites are a garage rock band with a country of origin in the United States.
Markus Blutsch is a member of the Austria national under-21 football team. He started with the team at a specific time.
"Oneechan ga Kita" is a work published in Manga Life and is written in the Japanese language.
Ebony is a rock and pop band from New Zealand.
Cisco Pike is a film distributed by Columbia Pictures and edited by Robert C. Jones.
Dekhmeh Rawansar is an archaeological site located in Iran.
J.K. Randle, whose father is John K. Randle, was educated at CMS Grammar School in Lagos.
L.J. Collier is a member of the Seattle Seahawks, indicating his association with the sports team at a specific point in time.
Irvin Soskoy is a member of the sports team Persidafon Dafonsoro, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Futong station is connected by Line 14 of the Beijing Subway and is adjacent to Wangjing station.
The Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic had its capital in Ufa. The start time mentioned refers to when Ufa became the capital of the republic.
Grace Julian Clarke, whose family name is Clarke, is related to Joshua Reed Giddings.
Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Jamal Bhuyan is a member of the Bangladesh national football team, and he started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Celtica Radio, which is a radio station, was founded on January 1, 2000.
The Cana Brava River, which is the lower section of the Tocantins River, is a river located in Brazil.
Ryongju Station is located in the time zone known as Time in North Korea, where this time is valid.
Yuri Norstein received the Winsor McCay Award at a specific point in time.
Sergei Novikov, the mathematician, received the Lobachevsky Prize at a specific point in time.
The San people, who are native to Zambia, speak Khoisan languages.
Piedmont Records is a record label based in the United States.
"Travelling Riverside Blues" is a recording by Atlantic Records, which originates from the United States.
Silvia Torres-Peimbert received the Hans Bethe Prize at a specific point in time.
Dov Karmi received the Israel Prize at a specific point in time.
Garth Paltridge, whose given name is Garth, speaks, writes, and signs the English language.
In the 1939 film "The Man in the Iron Mask," Nigel De Brulier was a cast member who played a character role.
The film "Madhumati" received the Filmfare Award for Best Film at a specific point in time.
The Russian Riviera was inaugurated on January 1, 2011, and it is located in France.
Serge Haroche received the CNRS Gold medal, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Tarnopolsky's citizenship is Ukraine, though the end time of his association with Ukraine is not specified.
The Cherepanovsky District is located within the administrative territorial entity of Novosibirsk Oblast.
Miroslav Stoch is a member of the Slovakia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Mother Teresa was awarded the Pacem in Terris Award at a specific point in time.
Deyan Vatchkov is a vocalist whose voice type is unspecified but noted as his primary instrument.
O Shopping is a television channel that began operations in 2013.
Robert Joseph McManus holds the position of titular bishop for a specific diocese.
Yonatan Netanyahu was awarded the Medal of Distinguished Service at a specific point in time.
Robert Delbourgo received the Harrie Massey Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
The Diamond Trust Bank Group was founded in 1945 and is an instance of a business.
Darryl Jones is an African American who was educated at Southern Illinois University.
Johnny Cash was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend designation.
Casey Nicholaw won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at a specific point in time.
Cindy Klassen received the Oscar Mathisen Award at a specific point in time.
Martin Warnke received the Aby Warburg Prize at a specific point in time.
Sergio Rico is a member of the Sevilla FC sports team and has been with the club since his start time.
Andrei Paukov was born in Oryol, which is a city in Russia.
Sergei Bondarchuk was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Vanessa Downing is a cast member of the show "Home and Away," playing a character role in the series.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by Owain Owain, who is associated with a specific location.
Puszcza Piska is a forest located in Poland.
The Calansho Desert is a desert located in Libya.
Jaime Chavez is a human who is a member of the Atlanta Silverbacks FC sports team.
Saint Kitts and Nevis is a member of the International Development Association and joined the organization at a specific start time.
Thomas W. Herren is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. The specific date or point in time of his burial there is noted.
Rawalpindi is located in the Rawalpindi Division, which is an administrative territorial entity.
Gabriel Corozo is a member of the Ecuador national football team and started his time with the team at a specified start time.
The P53 road is a road located in Ukraine.
Alibaba Group's headquarters is located in George Town, which is in the Cayman Islands.
Sydney Turing Barlow Lawford was educated at Windlesham House School and is the parent of Peter Lawford.
Al Dhaid Cricket Village was inaugurated on January 1, 2008, in the United Arab Emirates.
California State Route 209 terminates at Point Loma in San Diego, heading in a specific direction toward Point Loma.
Kim Kum-il is a member of the April 25 Sports Club, which indicates his association with the club.
The Kulittalai Kadambavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple located in India.
In "Star Trek: Voyager" during season 4, Roxann Dawson is a cast member who plays a character role.
The Late B.P. Helium is a rock and pop band from the United States.
The Flag of Annandale, Virginia is a municipal flag designed by the North American Vexillological Association.
Virginia State Route 203 is part of the state highway system in Virginia and is maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
Estadio 23 de Agosto is occupied by Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy and is used for association football.
Nidhi Buley is a member of the Madhya Pradesh women's cricket team, and she started her time with the team at a specific point.
Thomas Müller participated in the 2010--11 UEFA Champions League as a member of his sports team.
Atlético Madrid Femenino plays in the Primera División women's league and their home venue is the Estadio Cerro del Espino.
Joseph-Eugène Limoges received holy orders at a specific point in time, marking a significant event in his life.
Owen Boxall participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Adam Johnson plays in the National Hockey League, where he started his career in a specific start time within the league.
Gerald Hayes is a human and a member of the Arizona Cardinals sports team.
Albin Chalandon is married to Salomé Murat, and they have a child named Fabien Chalandon.
Brendan Foster won the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
The British Empire Economic Conference was an Imperial Conference held in the United Kingdom.
Clay Andrews Racing is an auto racing team based in the United States.
Horne station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
In the film "The Aristocats," George Lindsey voiced a character, though his specific character role is not provided.
Jordan Bone was drafted by the Detroit Pistons at a specific point in time.
Taylor Hayes, an actress, received the AVN Award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Macomber Mountain is a mountain located in the United States.
Alberta Highway 686 is a road located in Canada.
Dabolim Airport offers scheduled services to Coimbatore International Airport, which is operated by another entity.
The Temple of Sangri is located on Naxos and features an architectural style characteristic of Ancient Greek architecture.
Nathan Reardon is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Emmanuel Imorou is a member of the Benin national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Rodney Serveux is a member of the Vanuatu national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
Grigori Kozintsev was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine (though "kiev [P] country" is not directly informative about the current country, typically Kiev is known to be in Ukraine).
FC Torpedo Kutaisi is coached by Giorgi Daraselia and plays its home games at the Ramaz Shengelia Stadium.
Serhiy Myakushko was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine. Note: The second triple seems to have a minor error since "kiev [P] country" does not directly provide the country name. Assuming the intended meaning, Kiev is in Ukraine.
Westham Halt is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Wade Webber is a human who was a member of the Miami Fusion sports team.
Dedovichi is the capital of the Dedovichsky District, which was established at a certain start time.
The DINFIA IA 38 is an aircraft model from Argentina.
The 68th New York State Legislature was a legislative session held in the United States.
Matt Skrmetta is a human and a member of the Nashville Sounds sports team.
Kavalam Narayana Panicker received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Beaver Township, located in Polk County, Iowa, is part of the state of Iowa in the United States.
Rochovce is a place in Slovakia. The specific start time mentioned in relation to Slovakia is not clearly defined in the provided triples, so additional context would be needed for a more detailed explanation.
In "The Squire of Gothos," Richard Carlyle is a cast member who plays the character role of the Squire of Gothos.
Corda, Ribeira Grande is a village located in Cape Verde.
In the production "Mummy on the Orient Express," Jenna Coleman is a cast member who plays a character role.
Angelina Maccarone received the Golden Leopard award for her work.
Uspensky District is located within the administrative territorial entity of Krasnodar Krai. The start time of Uspensky District's association with Krasnodar Krai is referenced, though specific details about the start time are not provided.
The Arapixi Extractive Reserve is a protected area in Brazil.
The Fourth Mainland Bridge is a proposed bridge in Nigeria.
Garhwa railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) timezone and operates within the valid period for Indian Standard Time.
Krystian Nowak is a member of the Poland national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
98.4 Midlands is a radio station based in Zimbabwe.
Carlos Cotto is a human with the family name Cotto.
Emmanuel Vermignon is a member of the Martinique national football team, where he started his involvement at a specific start time.
Exeter Tutorial College was founded on October 6, 1995, and is located in Exeter.
Hermann David Weber received the Croonian Lecture award for a presentation given at a specific point in time.
Ingenium was established in 1990 and is located in Canada.
NYSE Euronext's headquarters is located in New York City, which is in the United States.
Conor McLaughlin is a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
R.O.B., a player character, is present in the game "Super Smash Bros."
In the 2011--12 Cypriot Third Division season, POL / AE Maroni was relegated and played their home games at a venue referred to as pOL/AEMaroni.
The 1976 Llanelli Borough Council election was a local election held in 1976.
Stein Mehren received the Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment at a specific point in time.
G.S. Maddala is the parent of Vivek Maddala and had David M. Grether as a doctoral student.
The Justified World Tour is a concert tour performed by Justin Timberlake.
Królowej Jadwigi Street is located in Bydgoszcz, which is an administrative territorial entity in Poland.
DTA Alizés is a subclass of aircraft and is associated with France.
In the 2013 film "Richard the Lionheart," Malcolm McDowell plays a character role.
Gintaras Einikis competes in men's basketball and is a member of the sports team BC Palanga.
Delhi Public School in Giridih was established in 2014 and is an instance of a school.
Tim Cahill participated in the 2011-12 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Tri Protoka is located in the Samara Time zone, where the start time for Samara Time applies.
Adriaen Pietersz Crabeth worked in Groningen at a specific point in time.
Odisha FC, which plays its home games at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Delhi, is led by head coach Josep Gombau.
Freespire is a Linux distribution developed by Linspire.
Dyson Heppell received the Crichton Medal at a specific point in time.
Sir William Ramsay School was founded on August 1, 2011, and is located in High Wycombe.
Jose Ignacio Fernandez Cogedor serves as the mayor of Los Santos de la Humosa, holding the position of head of government for the city.
Tyler Gibson is a member of the sports team Indy Eleven, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Fangcun District was established on January 1, 1949, and it is located in China.
The Lindemans Bugt Formation is a geological formation located in Greenland.
Vaemla is located in the Hiiumaa Parish and is associated with the start time of Hiiumaa Parish.
Rollover Pass is a canal located in the United States.
Alexander Holtzoff was educated at Columbia University.
O'Brian Woodbine is a member of the Jamaica national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Montottone is located in the Province of Fermo and is part of its administrative territorial entity. The specific start time of its association with the Province of Fermo is noted.
Fergus Darling is a human with the given name Fergus.
James Tamou is a member of the Australia national rugby league team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl," Tomoko Kawakami voices a character role.
The Eight Schools Association was founded in 1973 in the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg received the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Petrov, a director, was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Peter B. Bennett is an organizational founder, known for founding various organizations.
Kaggadasapura is a human settlement located in India.
Zawada, located in Lubartów County, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
The French corvette Dupleix (1861) is a ship built for the French navy.
The 1918 Denver Pioneers football team was an American football team that participated in a season of the sport.
Angelo Simmons is a human and a member of the Dandy Town Hornets F.C. sports team.
Jean Weissenbach received the CNRS Gold medal, which is a prestigious award given at a specific point in time.
Javier Klimowicz is a member of the sports team C.S. Emelec, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Mother Goose is a Finnish rock and pop band.
"The Four Just Men" is a detective fiction novel written in British English.
Dennis Alas is a member of the sports team KF Feronikeli, where he started at a specific time.
Pablo De Muner is a member of the sports team Barracas Central, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Robot Renegades are a group of fictional characters from the DC Universe.
Empire State News, a newspaper, was founded in 2003.
The Lost Years of Merlin series is a book series authored by T.A. Barron.
"The Last Drop," attributed to Leyster, is housed in the Philadelphia Museum of Art and depicts a man.
The 1922 Bridgman Convention took place in the United States on August 1, 1922.
Valentina Vezzali participated in the women's team foil event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
Guy Pearce stars in the 2006 film "Factory Girl" in a notable character role.
Gael Yeomans was born in Rancagua, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Taigan Safari Park was established in 2012 and is located in Russia.
In the episode "Awakening" of Star Trek: Enterprise, Scott Bakula plays a character role.
The New South Wales D57 class locomotive, manufactured by Clyde Engineering, has a 4-8-2 wheel arrangement.
"The Scarlet Plague," written in the English language, was published by Macmillan Inc.
"More Than You Know," a song by Martika from the United States, is followed by the song "Toy Soldiers."
The Goulburn Chronicle and Southern Advertiser is an Australian newspaper.
Lenore Blum received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring at a specific point in time.
"Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail" is a book published by Alfred A. Knopf, with its narrative taking place in California.
Community Action Services and Food Bank is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Thanu Padmanabhan received the G.D. Birla Award for Scientific Research at a specific point in time.
Ben Cutting is a member of the Mumbai Indians sports team and started with the team at a specific time.
Ao Station is connected by the Shintetsu Ao Line, which is operated by a company referred to as the Shintetsu Ao Line operator.
"The Baroness" is a series of espionage novels originating from the United States.
State Center / Cultural Center station is connected by the Baltimore Metro SubwayLink and is adjacent to the Lexington Market station on the same line.
Johann Blumhardt is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a statement about him as its subject.
Elina Bystritskaya received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Equitrac was founded in 1977 and is a business.
Celine Dion's album discography includes "My Love: Essential Collection," which was published as part of her collection.
Sugyo Station is located in the time zone known as Time in North Korea, where this time is valid.
Smiles for Diversity is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Mary-Louise Parker received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
John O'Sullivan, an engineer, received the IEEE Masaru Ibuka Consumer Electronics Award at a specific point in time.
Ivan Gavalugov is the mayor and head of government of Botevgrad.
Henrik Batikyan is a member of the sports team Shirak SC, where he started at an unspecified time.
Josef Marha is a member of the Colorado Avalanche sports team.
Lugo is a constituency of the Senate of Spain located in the country of Spain.
Wang Hao, a table tennis player born in 1983, participated in the men's singles event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
In the music video for "Like a Prayer," Leon Robinson appears in a character role.
The Sony Ericsson W380 is a cell phone model manufactured by Sony Mobile.
Marc Höcher is a member of the sports team FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt. He started with the team at a specific time, though the exact start time is noted but not specified in the provided information.
Lac Gobeil Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Canada.
Pokr Masrik was located in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which came to an end at some specified time.
World Aircraft Spirit is an aircraft based in Colombia.
Brian Honour is both a coach and a member of the sports team Hartlepool United F.C.
The history of rail transport in Thailand is an instance of history and falls under the main category of the history of rail transport in Thailand.
Ernst Chain received the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at a specific point in time.
Wiktor Kemula received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
Métropole Toulon Provence Méditerranée is a metropolitan area with the legal form of a métropole, and it began operating as such starting from a specific time.
The Manych Ship Canal is a canal located in Russia.
Singletons Mill, located in New South Wales, is part of the Electoral district of Hawkesbury.
Congerenge is a human settlement located in Mozambique.
Abdallah El Said is a member of the sports team Al Ahly SC, where he started his tenure.
Amir Turgeman is the head coach of Bnei Sakhnin F.C., and he started in this role at a specific time.
Peter C. Doherty was awarded the title of Australian of the Year at a specific point in time.
The Technology Innovation Agency is an organization with its headquarters located in Pretoria.
Lee Tergesen was a cast member in the TV series "Oz," where he played a character role.
The Ethiopian Postal Service is a business with its headquarters located in Addis Ababa.
Vince Edwards was educated at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, where he completed his training.
West Craven High School in Barnoldswick was established as a high school on September 1, 2016.
Herford station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, where this time zone is valid during the specified period.
Jonathan Frakes is a cast member of "Q Who" and plays a character role in it.
The Mahindra Scorpio Getaway is a car manufactured by Mahindra & Mahindra.
Save America's Treasures is a public-private partnership founded by Hillary Clinton.
Henry Williams was awarded the Medal of Honor for a specific action at a particular point in time.
The USS Yorktown (CV-10) is located in Charleston Harbor, which marks the start of its presence there.
Ilan Marek works at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, where he started his employment.
In the episode "The Chase" of Star Trek: The Next Generation, Jonathan Frakes appears as a cast member and plays a character role.
Ryan Crotty is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Nils Svedelius was employed at Uppsala University, where he began his tenure.
Jock Wishart received the Mungo Park Medal at a specific point in time.
Verkh-Aleyka is a village located in Russia.
Walter Sherman Gifford, whose given name is Walter, is a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Simon Ramo received the National Medal of Science at a specific point in time.
The Razorback Handicap is a horse race held in the United States.
Vadim Rață is a member of the sports team AFC Chindia Târgoviște. The start time of his membership with AFC Chindia Târgoviște is mentioned, but the specific date is not provided in the given information.\n\nNote: There seems to be a slight inconsistency in the predicate "aFCChindiaTârgoviște" which might be a typo or misinterpretation. Assuming it refers to the start time of his membership, the sentence is constructed accordingly.
Leda Atomica was exhibited at the Bignou Gallery at a specific point in time.
Antwan Barnes is a human and a member of the Philadelphia Eagles sports team.
The Illinois State Lottery, which is an instance of a lottery, was established on July 1, 1974.
Production House Records, which is a record label, was founded in 1987.
Lionel Naccache was educated at Pierre and Marie Curie University, where he completed his studies.
The Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation (TREAD) Act is an Act of Congress in the United States.
Joe Thomas is a human who plays as a linebacker for the Dallas Cowboys.
Smolnik, Bulgaria is located in the UTC +02:00 time zone, and this time zone is valid for the area during a specific period.
Stydd Hall is an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
Leeuwarden railway station is located in Leeuwarden and is connected to Achter De Hoven via a railway line.
Michael Ferguson, a biochemist, received the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh at a specific point in time.
The Right Honourable John Major was given the title "The Right Honourable" at the start of his tenure.
Tyler Boyd is a member of the New Zealand national football team, where he started his involvement with the team.
Utah State Route 30 connects with Interstate 84 in Utah, which is located within the state's administrative territorial entity.
William Arthur Bone received the Howard N. Potts Medal at a specific point in time.
Walter Kohn received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Leonidas Flores is a human and a member of the sports team A.D. Limonense.
Dali County is located within the administrative territorial entity of Weinan. The relationship or context involving "weinan start time" is not clearly defined in the provided triples, so the information about the start time is ambiguous and cannot be accurately incorporated into the description without additional context.
Gawler railway station is located in Australia, and it appears that there might be a misunderstanding or error in the second triple regarding "australia [O] start time," which does not provide clear information. Therefore, the description based on available information is: Gawler railway station is located in Australia.
In the 1966 film "Batman," Lee Meriwether appeared as a cast member, playing a character role.
Lesley Head is a member of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, with her membership starting at a specified time.
The Smilga River is a tributary of the Jaugila River, flowing in the direction towards the Jaugila.
Tsagaantsooj Enkhtur is a citizen of Mongolia and began his tenure with the Mongolia national football team.
Urbano Ortega is a member of the sports team Mérida UD, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Tim Kaine is married to Anne Holton. The start time of their relationship is not specified beyond this fact.
Mitaki Station was officially opened on January 1, 1930, and it is adjacent to Yokogawa Station.
François Petit performs the role of Sub-Zero in the Mortal Kombat series.
Matthew Rabin received the John von Neumann Award at a specific point in time.
Nancy Kleckner received the Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal at a specific point in time.
Indiana University -- Purdue University Columbus is a construction project that is part of the Purdue University system.
Rabai al-Madhoun received the International Prize for Arabic Fiction at a specific point in time.
Mirko Grmek received the George Sarton Medal at a specific point in time.
Carlos Fondacaro is a member of the sports team Tiro Federal, where he started his involvement at a specific start time.
Thomas Brennan Nolan received the Wilbur Cross Medal at a specific point in time.
Meghan Markle's wedding dress features Bauhinia acuminata, which symbolizes something significant.
Luke Berry participated in the 2018--19 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
Curro Vacas is a member of the UB Conquense sports team and started with the team at a certain time.
Anas Bani Yaseen is a member of the Jordan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Zarza de Granadilla is the capital of itself and shares a border with La Pesga.
Valentyn Kryachko represents Ukraine in sports and was educated at H.S. Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University.
Kent is a mango cultivar, which is a specific subclass of mangoes.
Daniel Petkovski is a member of the Rockdale City Suns FC, where he started his time with the team.
Saint Kitts and Nevis signed the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
Imre Sinkovits received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Juan Manuel Viale is a member of the sports team UE Sant Andreu. He started with the team at a specific time, though the exact start time is mentioned but not specified in the given information.
Emilio Segrè received the Richtmyer Memorial Award at a specific point in time.
Stan Kirsch was a cast member of the TV series "Highlander: The Series," where he played a character role.
Denise Bradley was educated at the University of Sydney, where she obtained an academic degree.
Janne Lundblad participated in the individual dressage event of equestrian sports at the 1920 Summer Olympics and received an award for her participation.
James McGaugh received the William James Fellow Award at a specific point in time.
Mohamed Amir Bourahli is a member of the sports team WA Tlemcen, where he started his time with the team.
Piet Gros received the Spinoza Prize, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Shelagh Carter is a human with the family name Carter.
Karen Phillips participated in the women's 200 metre butterfly swimming event at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
Batemans Bay is located within the administrative territorial entity of the Division of Gilmore, where it plays a significant role within the division.
SS Eastfield is a ship that belongs to the United Kingdom.
Rafael Longuine is a member of the sports team Santos FC, where he started his time with the team.
Sergei Lemeshev received the USSR State Prize at a specific point in time.
Tony Pitts is a cast member in "Rogue One" and plays a character role in the film.
The Seychelles Port Authority, a government agency, was established on January 1, 2004.
Jeevantha Kulatunga is a member of the Wayamba cricket team, where he started his tenure.
Manuel Lanzarote is a member of the sports team Real Zaragoza. He joined Real Zaragoza at a specific start time.
Monday.com is project management software that operates on Macintosh operating systems.
Ann Morrison received a Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Cinematography at a specific point in time.
Robert Woodbury received the Abbot Payson Usher Prize at a specific point in time.
Trisha Brown received an award from the MacArthur Fellows Program at a specific point in time.
Pondera County, Montana shares a border with Glacier County, Montana and contains the administrative territorial entity of Conrad, Montana.
Kechallyar is a human settlement located in Azerbaijan.
Wolfie the Seawolf is a mascot character from the United States.
John von Neumann was a winner of the Bôcher Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
Harestua Station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Stanislav Rudenko is a human and a member of the FC Nosta Novotroitsk sports team.
PPF is a company that owns PPF Banka, which suggests a relationship or ownership that was in place at a specific point in time.
Suzan Frecon received the Anonymous Was A Woman Award at a specific point in time.
Jane Rowlandson was educated at St Hilda's College, Oxford. She began her education there at a specific start time.
The Sanchi Archaeological Museum is an archaeology museum located in India.
Sam Rayburn was a lawyer who worked in a professional capacity as a lawyer. To make it more concise and natural:\n\nSam Rayburn was a lawyer by occupation.
The David Lubin Memorial Library is a library located in Italy.
Liu Xianying is a biathlete who received an award at the 2005 Biathlon World Championships.
Hanna Konsek is a member of the Poland women's national football team. She started her membership with the team at a specific start time.
"Lloyd George's Beer Song" is a song composed by R.P. Weston.
WXMI is a television station that began operations in 1982.
Joseph Justus Scaliger had Adrianus Turnebus as his doctoral advisor at a particular point in time.
Lilbosch Abbey is a monastery located in the Netherlands.
Maja Vukoces is a mountain located in Albania.
Strul is a narrative set in Stockholm and was produced by SF Studios.
Tenerife is a landmass located in Africa and situated in the Atlantic Ocean.
Otto Hoffmann von Waldau was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross at a specific point in time.
The Empress of the Seas has its home port in Nassau, Bahamas, and its port of registry is Valletta.
Joseph von Laßberg is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Mohamed Kaboré is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Billy Joel received the Gershwin Prize at a specific point in time.
Edmonds Field is a sports venue located in the United States.
Giuseppe Fioravanti is a vocalist whose voice type is specified as his instrument.
Oliver Reck is a member of the sports team FC Schalke 04 and participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
"Corrupting Dr. Nice" is a work written in the English language and published by Tor Books.
Altai State Pedagogical University is headquartered in Barnaul, which is located in a country. However, the country is not explicitly named in the given information.
Sabri Raheel is a member of the sports team Al Ahly SC, where he started his tenure at a specific start time.
Darren Bent participated in the 2003-04 Football League Cup as a member of his sports team.
Kleemu is located in Hiiumaa Parish, which has a specific start time for its administration.
Eugene Nalimov was educated at Novosibirsk State University, where he completed his studies.
Jean Favier received the Grand Prix Gobert at a specific point in time.
Johan de la Faille worked in France at a specific point in time.
Shindō is a manga from Japan with music as its main subject.
Chairat Madsiri is a midfielder who plays for the sports team Songkhla United F.C.
Alejandro Bejarano is a member of the Bolivia national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Matt Downs is a human and a member of the Houston Astros sports team.
Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff, though the second triple seems incomplete and unclear. Assuming it intends to provide additional context about Llandaff, a clearer interpretation could be that it refers to a specific time related to Llandaff, but without more detail, the information is limited. A concise description based on available data would be: Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff.
Paramaribo is located in the Paramaribo District, which is an administrative territorial entity.
In the film "Lenny," Dustin Hoffman plays a character role.
The Horatio N. Howard House is a historic property listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Lim Jin-wook is a member of the Chungju Hummel FC sports team.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to be incomplete or incorrectly formatted. If "start time" refers to when Lim Jin-wook joined the team, it would be more appropriate if provided with a specific date or time. Without additional information, I cannot include a specific start time in the description.)
Frontier Services Group began trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at a specified start time.
Mister Lies is an electronic music artist signed to the record label Orchid Tapes.
Au Bon Climat is a winery located in the United States.
Yangi Margilan is a human settlement located in Uzbekistan.
Frank Jensen held the position of lord mayor, although the specific location of his role is not provided.
The Greensboro Science Center is an organization that is a member of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
Wilfred Hudleston Hudleston received the Wollaston Medal at a specific point in time.
Gordon Moore received the Dan David Prize, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Glebe Gallery is an art museum located in the Republic of Ireland.
Southern Pacific 2718 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Roman Dzhigkayev is a member of the sports team FC Kolomna, where he started at a specific time.\n\nNote: The predicate "fCKolomna [O] start time" seems to be incorrectly formatted. Assuming it means when he started with FC Kolomna, the sentence reflects this interpretation. If there's additional context or clarification needed for "fCKolomna," please provide it.
Irene Manton received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
Belgorodsky District is a main category topic and is located within Belgorod Oblast.
Lee Seul-chan is a member of the Jeonnam Dragons sports team, and she started with the team at a specific time.
Felice Tamburelli held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Costruzioni Meccaniche di Saronno was formed in Saronno and operates in the automotive industry.
Kamil Grosicki is a member of the Poland national football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
Connor McDavid received the Hart Memorial Trophy at a specific point in time.
The Olympia London International Horse Show is held in London, United Kingdom.
Guru Prakash Dutta received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a specific point in time.
Olivia Newton-John received a Daytime Emmy Award at a specific point in time.
Charles Reynolds, a cleric of the 16th century generation, spoke, wrote, and signed in the English language.
Chen Hualan received the L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Award at a specific point in time.
The International Centre for Theoretical Physics is headquartered in Trieste, which is a city in Italy.
Matt Bragga is a human with the given name Matt.
Freez FM is a radio station with its country of origin being the Netherlands.
Jamie Sandy is a human who is a member of the Eastern Suburbs Tigers sports team.
William Lyon Mackenzie King was awarded Canadian Newsmaker of the Year at a specific point in time.
Grace Paley received the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
Bilel Mohsni started his career with the Tunisia national football team, representing Tunisia in sports.
Edward Witten received the Albert Einstein World Award of Science at a specific point in time.
Alsunga Parish is a parish located in Latvia.
Chamin Correa is a human who plays the guitar.
Fakiragram Junction railway station was officially opened in 1900 and is adjacent to Kokrajhar railway station.
Bochasan Junction railway station is a train station located in India.
The University of Chicago was founded by Silas B. Cobb, who had a significant role in its establishment.
Lopini Paea is a member of the Catalans Dragons sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
The SS City of Paris, built in 1865, was a steamship that belonged to the United Kingdom.
The Jaeger Corps in Denmark was established in 1961.
Rollapadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in India.
Kotak Mahindra Bank's headquarters is located in Mumbai, which is a city in India.
Ecocity Builders is a nonprofit organization with its headquarters located in Oakland, California.
Barnabás Bese is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Mathrubhumi News is a television channel that was launched in 2013.
ESvn is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Michael Dorn is a cast member in the film "One Little Ship," where he plays a character role.
Matthew Rosseinsky was awarded the Hughes Medal at a specific point in time.
The Institute of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles is located in Downtown Los Angeles, which is noted for its starting time context within the administrative territorial entity. However, the second triple seems incomplete or unclear regarding "start time." Assuming it refers to the opening hours or operational start time, a more precise interpretation would be helpful. Given the available information, the primary fact is that the Institute is situated in Downtown Los Angeles.
The Polizzello archaeological site is an archaeological site located in Italy.
Gamboa is a human settlement located in Panama.
"The Great Irish Bake Off (series 1)" is part of the series "The Great Irish Bake Off" and is followed by subsequent series of the same show.
Todd May works at Clemson University, where he started his employment.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to contain a typo or redundancy with "clemsonUniversity" instead of a proper predicate like "startedAt". Assuming the intention was to convey information about when Todd May started at Clemson University, the sentence above reflects the available information accurately.)
Ben Gibson participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship as a member of his sports team.
Marion Jones won the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportswoman of the Year at a specific point in time.
The Piran waterfall is a waterfall located in Iran.
Judo South Africa is an organization that represents the sport of judo in South Africa.
The Essex Shipbuilding Museum is a maritime museum located in the United States.
Albert V, Duke of Bavaria is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which features him as a subject of its statements.
Ricardo Faty is a member of the Senegal national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
John Archambault is known for his work on "Chicka Chicka Boom Boom," where he had a significant role in the creation of the book.
The El Paso Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
The Middle Three Conference, held in the United States, primarily focuses on topics categorized under the Middle Three Conference category.
Joey Barton participated in the 2016-17 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
Tibor Kozma was educated at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, where he completed his studies.
Robert Picardo is a cast member who plays a character role in the episode "Prime Factors" of Star Trek: Voyager.
Chantal Hoffmann is a member of the Lotto-Soudal Ladies sports team, and she started with the team at a specific time.
Teruko Ishizaka received an award from the Passano Foundation at a specific point in time.
FC Bunyodkor is coached by Mirjalol Qosimov and plays its home games at the Milliy Stadium.
W.H. Auden received the Bollingen Prize at a specific point in time.
Paul R. Heyl received the Howard N. Potts Medal at a specific point in time.
Hayden, whose family name is Desser, is signed to the record label Hardwood Records.
Elvanfoot is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire.
Franz Grillparzer was born in Vienna, which is in Austria.
Li Ao, whose family name is Li, was a philosopher associated with Confucianism.
Serhiy Krulykovskyi was a member of FC Dynamo Kyiv and is buried at the Zverynetskiy cemetery.
Kristall Berdsk is an ice hockey team that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Halik Kochanski holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree and was educated at the institution that conferred this degree.
The Laconia Order was authored by Karl Dönitz on September 17, 1942.
Providence Women's College was founded in 1952 in India.
Brandon Moss is a human and a member of the Kansas City Royals sports team.
Zephyr is a video game that originated from the United States.
Ikuo Kabashima is the head of government in Kumamoto Prefecture. He started in this role at a specific start time.
Sebastián Rosano is a member of the Uruguay national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
"The Demon Prince of Momochi House" is a manga series originating from Japan.
Fiji signed the Universal Copyright Convention at a specific point in time.
The University of Bayreuth is headquartered in Bayreuth, which is located in a country. However, the country needs to be specified for complete accuracy; assuming it's Germany based on the name "Bayreuth." Therefore, the University of Bayreuth is headquartered in Bayreuth, Germany.
Sarwat Gilani is married to Fahad Mirza. The term "fahadMirza" seems to be a placeholder or specific context not commonly used; however, based on the given information, the primary fact is their marital relationship.
Untersiebenbrunn is a member of the Climate Alliance and joined the organization at a specific start time.
Wellington Monteiro is a member of the Audax Rio de Janeiro Esporte Clube, and he started his time with the team at a specific start time.
Greenland Minerals is a business with its headquarters located in Perth.
Shigeharu Matsumoto was awarded the title of Person of Cultural Merit at a specific point in time.
The SGCC UAV is a type of aircraft from China.
Yumare is a human settlement located in Venezuela.
The 2001 Swansea East by-election took place on September 27, 2001, and was an instance of a by-election.
Rodrigo Cabalucci is a member of the sports team Club Olimpo, where he started his time with the club.
Robert Lewandowski works in Munich, where he started his career.
Luke Shaw is a member of the England national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a certain start time.
The People's Liberation Movement - Cinchoneros is an organization based in Honduras.
Earl Gros is a human and a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers sports team.
Howard Alper received the Izaak Walton Killam Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
In the production "Kiss Me Like a Lover," Anick Lemay plays a character role.
Airlink's headquarters is located in Johannesburg, which is a city in South Africa.
The Lithic Studies Society, an organization, was founded in 1979.
The Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial is a chess tournament held in Mexico.
Mitchell Price is a human who is a member of the Arizona Cardinals sports team.
Stig Bergström received the Raymond C. Moore Medal at a specific point in time.
Klaus Huber received the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize at a specific point in time.
Carles Coto is a member of the sports team Volos FC, where he started at the beginning of the specified time mentioned for his involvement with the team.
Mano Maritime's headquarters is located in Haifa, which is in a country. However, the specific country for Haifa is not provided in the given information.
Zoltán Friedmanszky was a member of the Hungary national football team and participated in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Ursula Happe participated in the women's 200 metre breaststroke at the 1956 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
The Grice Inn is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Kyara Linskens is a member of the sports team BC Namur-Capitale. She started her membership with the team at a specific start time.
The Singapore Innovation League was inaugurated in 2014 and is an instance of a business.
Vladimir Prelog received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
"The Westing Game" is a book written in the English language and published by E.P. Dutton.
In the 2013-14 Cypriot Fourth Division, Iraklis Gerolakkou was a participating team with its home venue in Gerolakkou.
The Cook Islands are a member of UNESCO and have been part of the organization since a specific start time.
Kantakunosato Station officially opened on April 20, 1995, and its adjacent station is Onohonmachi Station.
Omar Bari is a member of the sports team Al-Rayyan SC, where he started his tenure.
Prague Zoo keeps western gorillas, with the start time of housing them being a specified point in time.
Kenny Watson is a human and a member of the sports team Montrose F.C.
Carolina Tiger Rescue is a zoo located in the United States.
Michael Harris Caine was educated at George Washington University.
Dudley Benjafield, whose given name is Dudley, was educated at the University of London.
Lajos Kassák received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Edward Edinborough Chamberlain received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
K.R. Aravindakshan is a member of the Communist Marxist Party and started his association with the party at a specific start time.
In the TV series Supergirl, Danielle Panabaker is a cast member who plays a character role.
Skavlan is a television show that originates from Sweden.
Jens Thomas Arnfred received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
Serge Deloges is the mayor of Le Val-Saint-Germain, serving as the head of government for the town.
Peter Verhelst received the Jan Campert Prize at a specific point in time.
The Texas Instruments TMS9918 is a video display controller manufactured by Texas Instruments.
Nilla Fischer is a midfielder who plays for Linköpings FC.
Every Ocean Hughes resides in New York City, and some of her works are featured in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
West House in Chelsea is a house, though the specific occupant or owner is not provided.
The film "Every Which Way but Loose" was filmed in New Mexico and featured Ruth Gordon as a cast member.
Jean-Louis Curtis received the Prix Goncourt at a specific point in time.
Omar Koroma is a member of the sports team FC Kyzylzhar, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Guarajambala River is a river located in Honduras.
George Young is a human who is notably known for his work on the film "Three Strings to Her Bow."
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station, and they are connected by a connecting line.
Jacques Dubochet was employed by the European Molecular Biology Laboratory until it marked the end time of his tenure there.
Vicky Ntetema received the International Women of Courage Award at a specific point in time.
Republic Square station on the Yerevan Metro, named after Republic Square in Yerevan, officially opened on December 26, 1981.
The film "Village Rockstars" received the National Film Award for Best Feature Film at a specific point in time.
The SS City of Philadelphia is a steamship that was built in the United Kingdom.
The Chinese pyramids are mausoleums located in China.
Canterbury Rugby League is a rugby league team based in New Zealand.
Max Holden's citizenship is Scotland, although the term "end time" associated with Scotland in this context is unclear. If it refers to a specific event or period related to his connection with Scotland, more detail would help for a clearer interpretation. Assuming it indicates when his connection with Scotland ended, we can say: Max Holden was a citizen of Scotland until a certain point in time.
Therese Johaug received the Holmenkollen Medal at a specific point in time.
Iva is a given name with a name day celebrated on January 2, which is observed in countries that celebrate name days on that date.
Sheaf House is a sports venue located in the United Kingdom.
Nam Cheong station is connected by the Tung Chung line, which starts from this station.
Big Walter Price played the piano and was signed to Peacock Records.
The miniseries "Smash" was originally produced in the Swedish language by the production company Kanal 1 Drama.
Kpakpale is a human settlement located in the Central African Republic.
Michael Hooper is a member of the Australia national rugby union team, and he started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
"Serendipity," a song by BTS, was published in the album "Love Yourself: Her," which came out on September 18, 2017.
Andrei Karlov was awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
The film "The Devil's Brigade" was filmed in Utah and features Don Megowan as a cast member.
Kenneth Bullington received the Stuart Ballantine Medal at a specific point in time.
Mansour Mohamed El-Kikhia received the Bronze Wolf Award at a specific point in time.
Anahit Manasyan is a human with the given name Anahit.
Francisco Santos Leal received the Fulkerson Prize at a specific point in time.
Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade is a game in the Heroes of Might and Magic series that uses a computer keyboard as its input method.
Piotr Giza is a human and a member of the sports team Legia Warsaw.
Laudenbach, Bavaria is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
Nick Ward, an Australian footballer, is a member of the Newcastle Jets FC, having started with the team at a specified time.
Edwin Conklin was awarded the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science at a specific point in time.
City 7 Dubai is a television channel that was established in 2002.
In the 2002 film "Spider-Man," James Franco was cast as a character role.
The Penghu Living Museum accepts cash payments in local currency.
Gustav Helsted received the Order of the Dannebrog at a specific point in time.
Alfred Asikainen participated in the men's Greco-Roman middleweight wrestling event at the 1912 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
Michael A. Feighan was educated at John Carroll University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Callandoon, Queensland is located in the Goondiwindi Region administrative territorial entity.
Jamal Zahalka is a member of the political party Joint List and has been part of the Joint List since its formation.
College station in Toronto is adjacent to Wellesley station, with Wellesley station located towards it.
In the 2003 Formula One World Championship, Scuderia Ferrari emerged as the winner.
The Sergey Kovalev versus Andre Ward fight is a boxing match in the sport of boxing.
"The movie 'From Here to Eternity' was inducted into the National Film Registry at a specific point in time."
Cameron Schilling started his career in the National Hockey League.
Ghavam Shahidi received the J.J. Ebers Award at a specific point in time.
Kieran Tierney was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2014-15 Scottish Premiership.
Deutsche Werft produced the German submarine U-2322, which is part of a vessel class.
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge built in 1950 crosses the Tacoma Narrows and is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
William Holmes, a British Army officer, was educated at Gresham's School.
Conegliano railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Carl Gyllenborg works for Uppsala University, where he started his employment.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to have an incorrect predicate "uppsalaUniversity" which doesn't fit the pattern of other predicates like "employer." Assuming it was meant to convey information about when Carl Gyllenborg started working at Uppsala University, I've interpreted it that way in the sentence.)
Toll Group is a subsidiary of Japan Post Holdings, with the relationship starting at a specific time.
The 2018 season of the PWBA Bowling Tour is an instance of a sports season that took place in 2018.
Anna Maria Marten is married to Roy Marten. The start time of their relationship is also referred to as the time when they began being spouses. However, for clarity, it would be better to rephrase it as: Anna Maria Marten is married to Roy Marten, and their relationship began at a specific start time.
In the show "Hatching Pete," Tiffany Thornton is a cast member who plays a character role.
Helen Small was awarded the title of Fellow of the British Academy at a specific point in time.
Felitciano Zschusschen is a member of the Curaçao national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Frank Lee is a human and a member of the St Helens R.F.C. rugby league team.
The Heinkel He 50 was manufactured by Aichi Kokuki at a certain point in time.
The Oyez Project is a website that operates in the English language.
Kanfory Sylla is a member of the sports team Zakho FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Andrew Schneider, a journalist, received the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting at a specific point in time.
Michael Whelan, a scientist, received the Hughes Medal at a specific point in time.
Volgograd is named after the Volga River, which flows near the city. However, the phrase "[S] Volgograd [P] volgaRiver [O] start time" seems out of context and does not fit naturally into the description about Volgograd's naming. If you meant to include additional information about the Volga River, please clarify or provide more context. Assuming it was a mistake, the primary fact is that Volgograd is named after the Volga River.
Christ's College, Cambridge is located in the city of Cambridge, which is in the country of the United Kingdom.
The New Zealand St. Leger is a horse race that takes place in New Zealand.
Koguriyama Station officially opened in 1952 and is adjacent to Chitose Station in Aomori.
Southeast Area Transit is a bus company that was established in 1975.
Andreas Bjelland participated in the 2015-16 Football League Championship as a member of a sports team.
The Echorium Sequence is a book series written by Katherine Roberts.
Alexei Starobinsky received an award from the Tomalla Foundation at a specific point in time.
Kristofer Hivju is a cast member of Game of Thrones, where he plays a character role in the series.
Lin-Manuel Miranda was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a specific point in time.
Romanovsky District is located within Saratov Oblast, which includes it as part of its administrative territorial entity.
Onaway station is connected by the Blue Line and is adjacent to Southington station on the same line.
Caitriona Balfe was born in Dublin, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Knittelfeld is a member of the Climate Alliance, having joined at a specific start time.
San Mauro Torinese is part of the Metropolitan City of Turin, specifically located within its administrative territorial entity.
Fousseny Coulibaly is a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Marta Corredera is a Spanish citizen who began her tenure with the Spain women's national football team.
Borovikovo is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, where the start time for this timezone is indicated.
The Federal Office for Information Security is headquartered in Bonn, which is located on a specific street in the city.
"Twenty-six Men and a Girl" is a book written by Maxim Gorky.
Josef Kainz is buried at Döbling Cemetery, and his spouse was Sara Hutzler.
The Tunnel de la Croix-Rousse is operated by Lyon Metropolis, which began its operation of the tunnel at a specific start time.
Keoladeo National Park is designated as a Ramsar site, starting at a specific time.
The Cormorant oilfield is located in the United Kingdom and is operated by TAQA.
The County of Adelaide contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Hundred of Willunga, which has a defined start time.
Pennsylvania Route 321 is part of the Pennsylvania State Route System and is maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.
Kunal Sawant was born in Mumbai and started his time with Mumbai F.C. there.
Monade is a horse born in January 1959 who participates in horse racing.
Damian Wayne is the son of Batman, and he has a type of kinship relationship with Terry McGinnis, who is also referred to as Batman.
Thomas Konrad, whose given name is Thomas, is a member of the sports team Karlsruher SC II.
Robin Huisman de Jong is a member of the sports team SC Heerenveen, and she started with the team at a specific time.
In the 1991--92 Cypriot First Division, AEL Limassol was a participating team and played its home games at their home venue.
Hilgenried Bay is a bay located in Germany.
Marianne dela Riva is a human with the given name Marianne.
Alakh Prakash Goyal University was established in 2012 and is located in India.
Freddy Sanchez is a human and was a member of the Boston Red Sox sports team.
"The Door Through Space" is an English-language novel that is part of the Darkover series.
Culham railway station is named after Culham and is designated as a Grade II* listed building or structure due to its heritage significance.
During the 2018 AFL season, the Richmond Football Club was a participating team.
A/L Iwarai is a television show that originally aired on the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
Sergei Pesyakov was born in Ivanovo, which is a city in Russia.
Henry Horatio Dixon received the Croonian Lecture award, which was presented at a specific point in time.
Image is a magazine that was launched in 1975.
Medial pontine syndrome is a subclass of brainstem stroke syndrome and is studied within the field of neurology.
"The Lutheran Hour" is a radio program that originated in the United States.
The Epsom and Ewell Borough Council elections are a category of elections in the United Kingdom.
Sergey Rusak is a member of the sports team FK Palanga, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Patrick Ollier is the head of government for Grand Paris, having started in this role at a specified time.
The Cumberland and Westernport Electric Railway is a railway located in the United States.
Joan Guinjoan received the Creu de Sant Jordi, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
The 2007 Argyll and Bute Council election was a local election that took place in 2007.
Hugo Vidémont is a member of the sports team AC Ajaccio, and he started with the team at a certain time. Note: There seems to be a typo in "aCAjaccio," which I've interpreted as the start time for his membership with AC Ajaccio.
Leo Margulies is a human with the family name Margulies.
The Orfeón Donostiarra was awarded the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts by Spain at a specific point in time.
Lercara Friddi is located within the Metropolitan City of Palermo. The specific start time of its association with the Metropolitan City of Palermo is noted.
In the film "Selma," David Oyelowo plays a character role.
"Tales of Mystery & Imagination" is a book edition authored by Edgar Allan Poe.
In the 2001 TV series "Witchblade," Anthony Cistaro was a cast member who played a character role.
Catharine MacKinnon received the Wilbur Cross Medal at a specific point in time.
Wacha Koni is a human settlement located in Kenya.
The Augsburger Allgemeine, edited by Ellinor Holland, is published by Mediengruppe Pressedruck.
Ernst Jandl received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Susan Marqusee received the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award at a specific point in time.
Vyacheslav Zaitsev received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
Rolex is a type of food that originates from Uganda.
Bruno Bertucci is a member of the sports team Neftçi PFK, where he started his tenure.
José Luis Perlaza is a member of the Ecuador national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
The Myanmar Football Federation is a member of FIFA and joined the organization at a specific start time.
The Limerick City Council was dissolved on January 1, 2014, and was subsequently replaced by the Limerick City and County Council.
Najib Ammari is a member of the sports team FC Viitorul Constanța. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Cyril Norman Hinshelwood received the Liversidge Award at a specific point in time.
Paul Heckingbottom is the head coach of Hibernian F.C., and he started in this role at a specific start time.
Pedro Jose Calvo Castel is the mayor of La Mata de Morella, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Ekaterina Feoktistova was educated at the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology, where she completed her studies.
The Avro Anson Memorial is located in Western Australia, which is part of Australia.
Andrea Mazzuoli is a member of the sports team Robur Siena, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Novoandreyevka, located in Altai Krai, is in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
Vadlamannadu railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time, which is valid during its operational period.
Kingsley James is a member of the sports team F.C. Halifax Town. He started with the team at a certain start time.
The Marine Corps Individual Reserve Support Activity is located in Missouri, United States.
Gaston Miron received the Prix France-Québec at a specific point in time.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video at a specific point in time.
Zastenka is located in the Samara Time zone, where the start time for this timezone is indicated.
Armando Coroneaux is a citizen of Cuba and started his career with the Cuba national football team.
Jonathan Bijimine is a member of the DR Congo national under-20 football team, where he started his involvement with the team.
The Certosa di Parma was designed by architect Francesco Pescaroli in the Baroque architectural style.
David Leestma was a crew member on the STS-45 mission and had a specific role on the mission.
Ruslan Jamshidov is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
Mohamed Naser is a citizen of the United Arab Emirates and started his career with the United Arab Emirates national football team.
In the film "300," Gerard Butler plays a character role.
The Manonga River is a river located in Tanzania.
The list of power stations in Qatar is a Wikimedia list article that provides a list of power stations in the country.
Pakka Di Saral is a union council in Pakistan.
Robin Quaison is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, where he started his time with the team.
Eric Pang participated in the 2013 Dutch Badminton Championships in the men's singles event, and he is married to Yao Jie.
Stefania Stanzani participated in the women's basketball competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nigishima Station was officially opened in 1959 and is adjacent to Atashika Station.
Islecroft Stadium is located in Dumfries and Galloway, where it serves a significant role within the administrative territorial entity.
Robert Plant was honored as a winner at the Kennedy Center Honors for a specific point in time.
Kablow station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Pope Callixtus II worked in Rome, which is located in Italy.
Rory Best is a member of the Ireland national rugby union team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Corunna Downs Station is a pastoral lease located in Australia.
Punggye Station is located in the time zone known as "Time in North Korea," where this time is valid.
Brzezina, located in Krapkowice County, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
The Rapido is a passenger train operating in Canada.
Alcide d'Orbigny received the Grande Médaille d'Or des Explorations at a specific point in time.
Greek National Road 66 is a road located in Greece.
Musamba is a human settlement located in Kenya.
Risalpur is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
The German submarine U-548 had a significant event marked by the laying of its keel, which is a key point in time during its construction.
In the movie "The Absent-Minded Professor," Elliott Reid plays a character role.
Chidi Osuchukwu is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Brest, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Na Záhradkách Stadium is a stadium located in Slovakia.
Angel v. Murray is a legal case that took place in the United States.
Cass Winthrop is a fictional character with the given name Cass.
GWR 6959 Class 6990 Witherslack Hall was manufactured by the Swindon Works at a specific point in time.
The Science & Faith Tour is a concert tour headlined by the performer The Script.
Alissa J. Rubin received the John Chancellor Award at a specific point in time.
Irfan Khan is a footballer who is a member of the Indian Arrows team and started with them at a specific time.
Warner Music Group has a subsidiary called Lava Records, which has since ceased operations.
The Maaka language is a tonal language indigenous to the Federal Capital Territory in Nigeria.
Kaspa is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, where the start time for this timezone is indicated as relevant to Kaspa.
Mary Luke Tobin was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
The ELAM (Latin American School of Medicine) in Cuba has its headquarters in Havana, which is located in Cuba.
Walthamstow Central station is adjacent to Blackhorse Road station, and they are connected by a line.
Santa Fe class 1158 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Ariake Station in Nagano is adjacent to Azumi-Oiwake Station, with Azumi-Oiwake Station being in the direction towards which Ariake Station connects.
Liyabé Kpatoumbi is a member of the Togo national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Joseph S.B. Mitchell received the Gödel Prize at a specific point in time.
The Bridgeness Slab is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Dunbartonshire.
Karlskrona Municipality is twinned with Gdynia, and the twinning relationship started at some specified time.
Krasnohvardiiske Raion is a region in Russia. The specific start time of its designation as part of Russia is mentioned but not provided with a particular date in the given information.
Marianna Tolvanen is a member of the Finland women's national football team. She joined the team at a specific start time.
The Van Boetzelaer family is a noble family described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie."
Metodi Tomanov is a member of the Bulgaria national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
"That International Rag" is a song performed by Belle Baker.
Antonio Piccolo is a member of the sports team Spezia Calcio, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Wolfhart Pannenberg received the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Amanda Forsyth is married to Pinchas Zukerman. The relationship between Amanda Forsyth and Pinchas Zukerman started at a certain point in time.
The Alfred Dunhill Cup is a golf tournament that falls under the subclass of golf tournaments.
Ralph Slatyer received the Centenary Medal, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Windycon, a science fiction convention, was inaugurated in 1973.
Sandrider is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Patthar Ke Phool is an Indian film directed by photography Nirmal Jani. \n\n(Note: There seems to be a slight misinterpretation in the phrase "directed by photography." It likely means that Nirmal Jani was the director of photography for the film. To make it clearer:)\n\nPatthar Ke Phool is an Indian film with Nirmal Jani as the director of photography.
"Moresby Under the Blitz" is a film originally in the English language, with Damien Parer serving as the director of photography.
Angela Debatin is a human with the given name Angela.
Finlay MacDonald, whose family name is MacDonald, is a musician who plays the bagpipes.
Radio Bergeijk is a radio program with its country of origin being the Netherlands.
Jarchinio Antonia is a member of the Curaçao national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Laossina is located in the Setomaa Parish, which began at a specific start time.
The Buffalo Trace Distillery is located in Frankfort, Kentucky, which is in the United States.
Dominique Rolin received the Prix Femina at a specific point in time.
Alexandru Vlad is a member of the sports team FC Voluntari, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
During the Second Northern War, the Habsburg Monarchy was a participant, marking the beginning of its involvement in this conflict.
Nottuln-Appelhülsen station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
The Bugline Trail is a rail trail located in the United States.
Isaac Stern won the Polar Music Prize at a specific point in time.
Sergio Donadoni received the Feltrinelli Prize at a specific point in time.
Nancy St. Alban was born in Baltimore, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Charles Mayer, a composer, is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which includes a statement about him as its subject.
David Berry Hart contributed to the "Dictionary of National Biography" and is listed as a subject with a specific role in it.
Cranbrook Memorial Arena is a sports venue located in Canada.
Tim Phillipps is a cast member of the show "Neighbours," where he plays a character role.
Giles de Braose held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Davidson Charles is a member of the sports team Safa SC, where he started at the beginning of the time period referred to as "safaSC start time."
Philip Pullman contributed to the creative work on rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend, which is notable in his body of work.
The South African Class 23 4-8-2 locomotive was manufactured by Berliner Maschinenbau at a specific point in time.
Maforki Chiefdom is an instance of the chiefdoms found in Sierra Leone, a country in West Africa.
Serhiy Sydorchuk is a member of the Ukraine national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Numbers is a spreadsheet developed by Apple Inc.
"The Year of Magical Thinking" received the National Book Award for Fiction at a specific point in time.
Hombawa is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
The Calabar International Convention Centre is a convention center located in Nigeria.
Billings Metropolitan Transit is a bus company operating in the United States.
Juninho Quixadá is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II. The specific start time of his membership with the team is noted.
TV Total in Uruguay is a television channel that began operations in 2013.
Waaksamheyd is a ship that belongs to the Netherlands.
Ian Mariano is a member of the Guam national football team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rabat shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat, which is located relatively nearby.
The Blue Brain Project is a supercomputer manufactured by IBM.
Estadio Hernando Siles was designed by architect Emilio Villanueva and officially opened in 1930.
The headquarters of Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is located in Chico, California, which is in the United States.
Jimmy'z is a business with its headquarters located in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
The Ariya Astrobeat Arkestra is a musical ensemble that performs in the Afrobeat genre.
West Harbour GO Station is adjacent to Aldershot GO Station, and it is situated towards Aldershot GO Station.
Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan received the Yuva Puraskar for work in the Gujarati language.
The painting "The Birth of Venus" by Bouguereau is from France, which starts the context of its origin; however, the second triple seems incomplete or unclear. Assuming it aims to provide additional information about the painting's connection to France, a more coherent interpretation could be: The painting "The Birth of Venus" by Bouguereau is from France.
The Agusta CP-110 is a type of aircraft that had its first flight in 1951.
Fenedy Masauvakalo is a member of the Vanuatu national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
South African Dutton road-rail tractors, manufactured by Dennis Specialist Vehicles, are operated by Transnet Freight Rail.
Negative Burn is a comics anthology edited by Joe Pruett.
Marks Point, New South Wales is located within the Division of Shortland, which has a role in its administrative territorial entity.
Atiqah Hasiholan is married to Rio Dewanto.
The List of Winnipeg City Routes is a Wikimedia list article that pertains to city routes in Canada.
At the 1988 Winter Olympics, Tomas Gustafson won the men's 10,000 metres speed skating event.
Borriol, a place whose patron saint is Bartholomew the Apostle, shares a border with Sant Joan de Moró.
Athanasios Kanakaris is the mother of Benizelos Roufos. However, to ensure clarity and correctness, it seems there might be a relationship mislabeling. If we assume Athanasios Kanakaris is the parent, then a more accurate statement would be: Athanasios Kanakaris is the parent of Benizelos Roufos, and Angeliki Kanakaris is Athanasios's mother.
Kabak Too is a mountain range located in Kyrgyzstan.
Jebb Sinclair is a member of the London Irish sports team and started with them at a specific start time.
The Ghost Town Trail in Saskatchewan is a road located in Canada.
Onobori Station officially opened in 1955 and is adjacent to Nozawa Station.
Alexander Prokhorov won the Lenin Prize at a specific point in time.
Expo Arena is a convention center located in the United States.
The Hollinwood Branch Canal is a canal located in the United Kingdom.
Jacques Delors received the Robert Schuman Medal and was recognized by the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
The Mackerras pendulum, named after Malcolm Mackerras, was invented by him.
Balmangan Tower is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway, where it serves a specific role within that region.
Dixie Carter received a Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Guillaume Franke is a member of the Germany national rugby union team, and he started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
DWRV is a radio station that began operations in 1998.
Amy Harrison is a member of the Washington Spirit, and she started with the team at a specific start time.
Youssou N'Dour received the Prince Claus Fund award at a specific point in time.
The Castle of Laeken was designed by architect Charles de Wailly in the Neoclassical architectural style.
Jack Grealish participated in the 2014-15 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
Kurt Martin is the director of the Bavarian State Painting Collections, having started in the role at a specific time.
Kazuo Shii is a member of the Japanese Communist Party and has been associated with the party since its start time.
Saksi is a place located in Tapa Parish, Estonia, and it is associated with the start time of Tapa Parish.
Michel Lefrançois de Lalande is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery, and his spouse was Marie-Jeanne de Lalande.
Praia de Naufragados is a beach located in Brazil.
Peter Hawlik is a member of the sports team SV Mattersburg, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the TV series Supergirl, Chris Browning is a cast member who plays a character role.
The USRC Pawtuxet is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
Vergatario is a cell phone model from Venezuela.
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority is located in an administrative territorial entity within the United States.
The album "Here Comes the Judge" follows "Cool Sax, Warm Heart" and is followed by "Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway."
Flávio Cardoso is a member of the Funvic/Soul Brasil Pro Cycling team, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
Brampton GO Station is adjacent to Bramalea GO Station, and it is located towards Bramalea GO Station.
Pacbitun is an archaeological site located in Belize.
Borgo Storico Seghetti Panichi is a villa located in Italy.
N5 is a road located in South Africa.
The 1982 Team Ice Racing World Championship was a season in the world of sports that took place in 1982.
The 1968 New York City riot was a riot that took place in the United States.
KemperSports is a sports company based in the United States that specializes in golf.
Jeff Cowan is a human and a member of the Los Angeles Kings sports team.
Janowo, located in Starogard County, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Makin' Time is a rock and pop band originating from the United Kingdom.
The Washington Redhawks are a publicity stunt that took place in the United States.
Antonio Rossi participated in the men's K-2 500 metres canoeing event at the 1992 Summer Olympics and received an award for his participation.
"Daughter of Time" is a jazz album recorded in the English language.
Mindelheim station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Celtophile Records is a record label that was founded in 1997.
The Football West State League Division 1 is a league for association football in Australia.
Hiroshi Otsuki is a member of the sports team SP Kyoto FC, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Brasenose College, part of the University of Oxford, is headquartered in Oxford, which is located in the country of the United Kingdom. Note: The predicate "oxford [P] country" seems to imply a relationship that might need clarification; however, assuming it means Oxford is in a country, I've inferred the United Kingdom as the context suggests Oxford within the UK.
Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov received the Elie Cartan Prize at a specific point in time.
"Lal Americayil" is a film or TV show originally in the Malayalam language, which originates from India.
The Tolkien Society was founded by Vera Chapman and is named after J.R.R. Tolkien.
Giorgio Stivanello was born in Venice, which is in Italy.
Linksfield railway station is located in the administrative territorial entity of Moray, United Kingdom.
Dorian Lévêque is a member of the sports team En Avant de Guingamp, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Georges Darboy held the position of Diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Malente is a member of the Climate Alliance, with its membership starting at a specific time.
Vanderlei Farias da Silva is a member of the Santos FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Karen Khachaturian received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Marina Fernández is a member of the Andorra women's national football team, where she started her involvement with the team.
Ali Sanad is a member of the Qatar national football team, and he started his time with the team at a specific point.\n\nNote: The second triple seems to have a redundant property name "qatarNationalFootballTeam" which might be a typo or unnecessary. Assuming it refers to the start time of his membership, the sentence is adjusted accordingly. If more specific information about the start time is needed, please provide it.
Spring Snow is a Japanese film that features Sousuke Takaoka in its cast.
Namadagala is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Tuc Watkins is a cast member in "Miracle in Lane 2," playing a character role in the film.
The Federal Equestrian Park is a park located in France.
Franz Ignaz von Beecke was a student of Christoph Willibald Gluck and spoke and wrote in the German language.
Pearl Jam received the MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video at a specific point in time.
Maria Rentmeister resides in Paris, and she started living there at a certain time.
Reginald Tebbs, whose given name is Reginald, is a member of the Berkshire County Cricket Club.
Alabert Fogarasi received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
The Manchester Observer, a newspaper, was founded in 1818.
The list of television stations in Minnesota is a Wikimedia list article that provides a list of television stations.
Lev Leshchenko was awarded the title of People's Artist of the RSFSR at a specific point in time.
The Comp Air 8 is an aircraft model from the United States.
Rosen Vankov is a member of the sports team SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Dan Evans, the tennis player, was born in Birmingham, which is in the United Kingdom.
Philip D. Morgan won the Bancroft Prize at a specific point in time.
Jordan Ferri participated in the 2016--17 UEFA Europa League as a member of his sports team.
In the film "The Hunger Games," Jacqueline Emerson plays a character role.
Strategy X is a video game developed by Konami and uses a joystick as its input method.
The Airdrome Sopwith Camel is an aircraft subclass that was produced in the United States.
Antonio Bellanco Fernandez is the mayor of Eljas, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Damian Gjini is a member of the Albania national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Vagit Alekperov received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
The Grand River Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the United States.
Martyn Waghorn participated in the 2007-08 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Lepaca Kliffoth is an avant-garde metal band that performs in the English language.
Harold Masursky received the G.K. Gilbert Award at a specific point in time.
Maharaj Kishan Bhan received the HK Firodia awards at a specific point in time.
Citrana is a human settlement located in East Timor.
The USS McCulloch (1897) is a ship that was operated by the United States Navy.
Frances Conroy is a cast member of the show "How I Met Your Mother," where she plays a character role.
Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Solger is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a statement about him as its subject.
Mosholu Parkway station is adjacent to the Bedford Park Boulevard -- Lehman College station, which is in the direction of Bedford Park Boulevard and Lehman College.
The North Karachi Industrial Area was established on January 1, 1974, in Pakistan.
"Science in Action" is a television show that originated in the United States.
The Sande society is a secret society found in Guinea.
Alon Abelski plays sports for Germany and is a member of the SpVgg Unterhaching sports team.
Patrick Schelling is a member of the sports team Team Vorarlberg Santic. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Jack Ladyman earned an associate degree, which he obtained from an educational institution.
Utah State Route 181, which was active from 1935 to 2007, had its terminus in Salt Lake City, with the route extending in a specific direction within the city.
The Biu Plateau is a volcano located in Nigeria.
Kirklington and Edingley railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Reuven Rubin received the Israel Prize at a specific point in time.
Handarap Lake is a reservoir located in Pakistan.
DeMarco Murray won the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Whitefield Park is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire.
Tamfourhill is located within the administrative territorial entity of the Falkirk Council, which has a role in its governance.
Morgan Schneiderlin participated in the 2008-09 Football League Championship as a member of his sports team.
Murmansk Oblast is a region in Russia. The mention of "start time" related to Russia in the context of Murmansk Oblast seems unclear and might be incomplete or incorrectly formatted. Assuming it refers to when Murmansk Oblast was established within Russia, Murmansk Oblast became an administrative division of Russia with its formation in 1938.
EDSA railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone and operates according to the valid period of Philippine Standard Time.
Mark Herring holds the position of Attorney General of Virginia, with his term starting at the specified time.
The film "Animal Kingdom" was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Production Design at a specific point in time.
Tamara de Lempicka is represented by the Artists Rights Society, which handles her artists' rights.
The Maryland Terrapins football team under Jim Tatum represents an American football team season in the sport of American football.
La Dauphine is a ship that belongs to France.
The MG Rover Group had its headquarters at Longbridge, which is located in the country.
Tommy Boy Records is headquartered in New York City, which is in the United States.
PubPeer is a website that was launched on October 1, 2012.
The Ambasador Hotel is a hotel located in Serbia.
FVWM95 is a free software that is based on FVWM.
Beluj is a village in Slovakia, and it has been part of Slovakia since its specified start time.
The Great Calusa Paddling Trail is a water trail located in the United States.
Nikola Ivanov is a footballer who is a member of FC Oborishte Panagyurishte. He started with the team at a certain time, though the specific start time is not provided in the given information.
Volker Strassen received the Knuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Robert Mileski is a member of the Sydney United 58 FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Arthur Smith Woodward received the Mary Clark Thompson Medal at a specific point in time.
Ulan Konysbayev is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Jack Phillips, a human born in 1903, was a member of the Southend United F.C. football team.
Mohamed Amine Ben Amor is a member of the Tunisia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Welgahawadiya is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Greg Van Avermaet is a member of the CCC Pro Team, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
Dale Ellis won the NBA Most Improved Player Award at a specific point in time.
The National Theater in Richmond, Virginia, is a theater structure designed in the Renaissance Revival architectural style.
In the film "Romeo + Juliet," John Leguizamo is a cast member who plays a character role.
Gentlemen & Assassins is a rock and pop band originating from the United States.
José Emilio Pacheco received the Xavier Villaurrutia Award at a specific point in time.
Doonie Point is located in Aberdeenshire, where it serves as a notable point within the administrative territorial entity.
Dmitry Korobov is a human and a member of the sports team HC Spartak Moscow.
Greek National Road 97 is a road located in Greece.
Helen Stephens was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
In the 2008 film "Iron Man," James Bethea had a role as a cast member.
Hämelerwald station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Geir Gulliksen, a writer, received Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment at a specific point in time.
Moussa Doumbia is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Steffen Grummt is married to Kornelia Ender.
A.S.F. Gow received the Kenyon Medal at a specific point in time.
The Summit League includes the Western Illinois Leathernecks, who have a specified start time for their events within the league.
Alex Gersbach is a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Maartje Nevejan received the Golden Calf Award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Ross Hutchinson held the position of Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly and was also a member of the South Fremantle Football Club.
Salim Ben Boina is a member of the Athlético Marseille sports team, with his involvement starting at a specific time.
Bellmount Forest is located within the Division of Eden-Monaro, which is an administrative territorial entity.
Pheriche is a human settlement located in Nepal.
Lev Sverdlin was born in Astrakhan, which is a city in Russia.
Bradley Johnson participated in the 2005-06 FA Cup as a member of a sports team.
The Sardinian Action Party is a political party located in the administrative territorial entity of Italy.
Evelyn Macleod, Baroness Macleod of Borve, speaks, writes, and signs English, and her spouse is Iain Macleod.
"A Journey to Arzrum" is a work written in the Russian language and was published in the Russian Empire.
Mikko Pukka is a human and a member of the sports team Vaasan Sport.
Alfred Bester received the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award at a specific point in time.
Calvin Gotlieb was awarded the status of Fellow by the Association for Computing Machinery at a specific point in time.
Mihir Chowdhury received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a specific point in time.
The Ben Maller Show is a radio program that originates from the United States.
Dylan Naputi is a member of the Guam national under-17 football team, where he started his involvement with the team.
Gesturi is located in the Province of South Sardinia, which has a specific start time for its establishment.
Fina Rifà resides in El Camp de l'Arpa del Clot, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
The District Council of Willunga is located in Australia, where its operations or existence began at a certain start time. However, the specific start time mentioned in the graph seems to be formatted incorrectly; typically, it would provide a more detailed timeframe. Assuming "start time" refers to when the council began its operations, the District Council of Willunga started its operations in Australia at some point in time.
The Olympus C-3000 Zoom is a digital camera model manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Luxembourg contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Grevenmacher District, which has a specified end time.
In the film "JFK," Dale Dye appears as a cast member playing a character role.
Amass Amankona is a member of the Real Monarchs sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Carthage School District is a school district in the United States.
Percy Schmeiser received the Right Livelihood Award, which is given at a specific point in time.
Miguel Primo de Rivera received the Order of the White Lion at a specific point in time.
Vincent Tarzia serves as the chairperson of the South Australian House of Assembly, having started in the role at a specified time.
Jorge Ortiz, an Argentine footballer, is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano, having started his time with the team at a specified start time.
Beefeater Gin is distributed by Pernod Ricard. The relationship between Beefeater Gin and Pernod Ricard began at some start time.
Charles D. Gemar was employed at NASA, where he held a position.
Aleksandr Khanov was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Mari Jászai was married to Vidor Kassai and is buried at Kerepesi Cemetery.
Murad Hüseynov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team. He started with the team at a specific time.
Wolfgang Porsche was born in Stuttgart, which is a city in Germany.
VConnect's headquarters is located in Surulere, which is in a country (though the specific country name is not provided).
Elizabeth Oakes Smith, who was married to Seba Smith, is buried in Patchogue, New York.
Susanna Terracini received the Vinti Prize, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Stade Municipal in Notsé is a stadium located in Togo.
Sims Creek is a river located in the United States.
Irene Lindh received the Litteris et Artibus award at a specific point in time.
Khadake is located in the administrative territorial entity of Maharashtra, India.
Nimba National Forest is a forest located in Liberia.
The Haw River Trail is a trail located in the United States.
Cordy Milne, a human, is married to Lili St. Cyr.
Robert C. Evans held the position of Auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Muscota Marsh is a park located in the United States.
L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli is a botanical garden located in Italy.
Wesley College in Belize is located in Belize City, which is part of Belize.
Nicolas Verdier is a member of the sports team KV Mechelen, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Paul Jolicoeur received the Léo-Pariseau Prize at a specific point in time.
Rechytsa is the capital of the Rechytsa District, which shares a border with the Khoiniki District.
Flicko's Video Services was founded in 2003 and is a business.
Tani otoshi is a judo technique used in the sport of judo.
Benni Efrat's works are featured in the Museum of Modern Art, and they are located in Amsterdam.
Local Heroes is a British documentary film series that originated in the United Kingdom.
Rayshawn Jenkins is a human and a member of the Miami Hurricanes football team.
Antoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen. The reference to "mechelen point in time" suggests that there is additional information about a specific point in time related to Mechelen, but it does not provide clear context. Assuming this refers to when Antoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen, we can infer:\n\nAntoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen at a specific point in time.
Andrei Chasovskikh is a member of the sports team FC Tambov, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Erik Stensiö received the Wollaston Medal at a specific point in time.
Tanya Samarzich is a member of the Mexico women's national football team, and she started her membership with the team at a specific start time.
Aleksander Koj received the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at a specific point in time.
Douan is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Cristian Tănase is a member of the Romania national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
U.S. Pianese plays in Serie C of the Italian league system. The team started in Serie C at a certain time.
Robert Mood received the Fritt Ord Award at a specific point in time.
Figini is a human settlement located in Kenya.
Shinya Yamanaka received the Asahi Prize at a specific point in time.
Ovidiu Perianu is a member of the Romania national under-17 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
Second Set, a male horse, was born on 28 April 1988.
Renee Wickcliffe is a human and is partnered with Portia Woodman.
Lisa Wengler is a citizen of Luxembourg and she started playing for the Luxembourg women's national football team.
Aladeen Younes is a member of the sports team Al Sadd SC, where he started his time with the team.
The Calhoun Mansion is a building located in the United States.
Pop! The Balloon Dog Puzzle Game is a single-player video game available on the Microsoft Windows platform.
Seroglazovo is located in the Moscow Time zone, where the specified end time is applicable.
Robert J. Harrison received the Sidney Fernbach Award at a specific point in time.
Marilyn Farquhar received the FASEB Excellence in Science Award at a specific point in time.
Berry Global's headquarters is located in Evansville, Indiana, which is in the United States.
George Lewis, a trombonist, received the American Book Award at a specific point in time.
The OZ Group is an automotive industry company operating under the legal form of a Società per azioni.
George Panapa is a member of the Tuvalu national futsal team, and he started with the team at a specified start time.
"Magi: Adventure of Sinbad" is published by Shogakukan, which produces the work in the language of its designation. To clarify further without redundancy: "Magi: Adventure of Sinbad" is a publication by Shogakukan.
Robert S. Langer received the Perkin Medal at a specific point in time.
Home Farm F.C. plays in the League of Ireland and their home venue is the Whitehall Stadium.
Conor Murray is a member of the Munster Rugby sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Tommy Bahama Challenge is a golf tournament held in the United States.
Radzislaw Arlowski is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Starye Dorogi.
George McLaughlan is a human and a member of the sports team Clydebank F.C.
The 1997 film "The Butcher Boy" was directed by photography by Adrian Biddle and featured Pat McGrath as a cast member.
Kevin Murphy is a human who plays as a linebacker and is a member of the Seattle Seahawks sports team.
York railway station is named after the city of York and is a Grade II* listed building or structure due to its heritage designation.
Náinari Lake is an artificial lake located in Mexico.
Jill Tietjen is a human with the given name Jill.
Raymond L. White received the Charles S. Mott Prize at a specific point in time.
Alert Ready is an emergency population warning system used in Canada.
Los Angeles City Council District 3 is an electoral district located in the United States.
Emy Roeder received the Würzburg Cultural Prize at a specific point in time.
In the 1959 FA Cup Final, Roy Dwight scored a goal while representing his sports team.
Harib Al-Saadi is a citizen of Oman and started his career with the Oman national football team.
Battersby Hats, a business, was founded on January 1, 1895.
Kevin Michael Richardson voices a character in the show "Samurai Jack."
Hallgeir Brenden received the Aftenposten Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Agostinho da Silva received the Ordem do Mérito Cultural, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
William R. Pogue was employed by NASA, where he held a position.
"The Golden State Entering New York Harbor" is an artwork located at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where it started being exhibited.
Zhores Alferov received the Demidov Prize at a specific point in time.
"Boom Selection" is a single that was published on January 1, 2001.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is notable for his work "The Song of Hiawatha," which explores the role of its subjects.
Rjukan Station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Craig Venter received the Biotechnology Heritage Award at a specific point in time.
Hemmerle is a company based in Germany with its headquarters located in Munich.
Jean-Jacques Becker received the Grand Prix Gobert at a specific point in time.
Daniel Godoy is a member of the Venezuela national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
The Erligang culture is an archaeological culture located in China.
Benjamin Garcia is a member of the France national rugby league team, having started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
"In the Cards" is a film directed by Michael Dorn, who also has a character role in it.
Roxey Fer is a member of the Suriname national football team and started with the team at a specific time.
Eder Arreola is a member of the Ventura County Fusion sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Change Congress is an organization that was founded in 2008.
Tor Arne Andreassen is a member of the sports team FK Haugesund, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Kurt Maflin is a human with the given name Kurt.
The TV series "Walking Tall" was composed by Edd Kalehoff and is in the English language.
Tore Zetterholm received the Dobloug Prize at a specific point in time.
Pogromets is a village located in Russia.
In the episode "Suspicions" of Star Trek: The Next Generation, LeVar Burton appears as a cast member, playing a character role.
Chodang University is headquartered in Muan County, which is located in a country.
The TV series "Let's Stay Together" is in English and its title is composed by Al Green.
Rabah Slimani is a member of the Stade Français sports team and has been with the team since his start time.
At the 1908 Summer Olympics, Nikolai Panin participated in the men's special figures figure skating event representing his country in the sport.
Jane Evrard is married to Gaston Poulet. The phrase "gastonPoulet start time" seems out of context, but it could imply information about when their relationship began, though this part is not clearly specified.
Viveca Paulin is married to Will Ferrell, and their relationship began at a specific start time.
Austin Mahone received the MTV Europe Music Award for Artist on the Rise at a specific point in time.
The Anguilla Football Association is a member of FIFA and started its membership with FIFA at a specific start time.
In "Incredibles 2," Brad Bird voices a character in the film.
Opole is twinned with Potsdam, and the twinning relationship started at a specific time.
O Yuki Conjugate is a rock and pop band that was formed in 1982.
In the film "Mission to Moscow," Oscar Homolka played a character role.
Ivan Klapez resides in London, where he started living at an unspecified point in time.
Dahlberg Arena, which was officially opened on December 18, 1953, is occupied by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Jenny Lind private railroad car, named after Jenny Lind, is an instance of a railroad car.
The Anoka County Sheriff's Office in Minnesota was established in 1857 and is located in the United States.
Lawrence Davies is a human and a member of the sports team Leeds United F.C.
Steven Robertson is a cast member in the TV series "In the Flesh," where he plays a character role.
"The Shuttered Room" is a narrative set in Massachusetts, with its country of origin being the United Kingdom.
Vasili Potekhin represents Russia in sports and is a member of the FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan sports team.
"Between the Lions" is an English-language production composed by Christopher Cerf, who also serves as the producer.
Paul Samuelson received the John Bates Clark Medal at a specific point in time.
Cairns Castle is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Lothian.
The 1793 Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic was an instance of an epidemic that occurred in Philadelphia.
The Geological Society of Washington is an organization based in the United States.
The Colorado Avalanche-Detroit Red Wings brawl was an incident in the sport of ice hockey that took place in the United States.
Vito Wormgoor is a member of the sports team SK Brann, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Paul Bragg started working at MetLife.\n\n(Note: The second triple appears to have an incorrect format. Assuming "metLife" was meant to convey the start time information about his employment at MetLife, the sentence above includes the key fact about his employer. If more specific details about the start time are available, they can be added accordingly.)
USC&GS Patton (ASV-80) is a ship belonging to the United States.
"The Drifting Classroom" is a work originating from Japan and is written in the Japanese language.
Algis Budrys was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Related Work at a specific point in time.
Edward Cecil Leach was a member of the Somerset County Cricket Club.
Poorna Market is a neighborhood located in India.
Eugene Baker is a human who is a member of the Kent State Golden Flashes football team.
Robert W. Field received the E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy at a specific point in time.
Gaffer tape is a type of pressure-sensitive tape that was discovered or invented in 1959.
The Espace botanique du Frasnois is a botanical garden located in France.
Monka is a human settlement located in Bhutan.
The Birmingham Coal Company is a business with its headquarters located in Philadelphia.
Darren Emerson is a member of the band Underworld and is partnered with Kate Thornton.
The Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz has its headquarters in Bonn, which is located in Germany.
Richard Marcone is a member of the sports team Trapani Calcio, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Gabe Newell is the chief executive officer of Valve Corporation, and his involvement with the company began at a specific start time.
"Songs from the Sparkle Lounge" was produced by Def Leppard and distributed in compact disc format.
Arturo Alcaraz received the Ramon Magsaysay Award at a specific point in time.
Shezan International, a business, was founded on January 1, 1964.
Michael Bethel is a member of Renegades FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
George Harold Brown received the IEEE Fellow award. His given name is George.
The Institute for Manufacturing was established in 1998 in the United Kingdom.
Giulio Bizzotto is a member of the sports team A.S. Cittadella. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Rudolfo Anaya received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
DR Class 99.23-24 is operated by the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways, which started its operations with this class of trains.
Shahbaz Nadeem is a member of the Delhi Capitals sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá is located in Texas, which is part of the United States.
Johann Friedrich Schultz was educated at the University of Königsberg and was a student of Jakob Sigismund Beck.
Domaine du Mont d'Arbois was designed by architect Henry Jacques Le Même and officially opened in 1924.
The film "Second Life" was distributed by NOS Audiovisuais and its original language is Portuguese.
Arrow Films is a business with its headquarters located in Hertfordshire.
Palazzo Luraschi in Milan is a palace located in Italy.
Harald T. Friis discovered or invented power amplifier classes at a specific point in time.
Darron Gibson participated in the 2015--16 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
Point Britomart is located in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.
In season 5 of "Parks and Recreation," Aziz Ansari is a cast member who plays a character role.
Oulu Province shares a border with Savolax and Karelia County, and the relationship between Oulu Province and Savolax and Karelia County ended at some point in time.
The Dhaka Pop Culture Expo was inaugurated on January 1, 2013, in Bangladesh.
Werner Hofmann, a physicist, received the Stern-Gerlach Medal at a specific point in time.
Valtteri Bottas won the 2019 Australian Grand Prix, during which he was a member of a sports team.
Lao Issara was a group action in the sociological context of Laos.
Erik Neutsch received the Heinrich Mann Prize at a specific point in time.
Johannes Willebrands held the position of titular bishop for a diocese.
Walter Koenig is a cast member of Babylon 5, where he plays a character role.
Budge Budge railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time valid during its operational period.
In the 1997--98 Cypriot First Division, AEK Larnaca FC was a participating team, and their home venue was used in the league.
The novel "Temple" was written in the English language and originates from Australia.
Denis Tillinac received the Prix Jacques Chardonne at a specific point in time.
Justine Greening held the office of Secretary of State for Education, starting at a specified time.
"Rope and Breasts" is a Japanese film distributed by Nikkatsu.
Lekhwair Airport is an airport located in Oman.
Pamela Wilkie, whose given name is Pamela, was educated at the University of Reading.
Tom Cullen is partnered with Tatiana Maslany, and their relationship began at a specific start time.
In the miniseries "The Master and Margarita," Vladislav Galkin plays a character role.
George Feher received the Wolf Prize in Chemistry at a specific point in time.
Eppleton Colliery Welfare Ground is a sports venue located in the United Kingdom.
Dennis Telgenkamp is a member of the sports team FC Emmen, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Stormlord is a power metal band that formed in Rome.
Aleksandr Borodkin is a human and a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Moscow.
Jesus Javier Gimeno Guillen is the mayor of Paniza, serving as the head of government for the city.
"Tempe Restored" is a play authored by Aurelian Townshend.
Emilio Francisco Cabeza Martínez is the mayor of Quintana del Castillo and serves as the head of government for the town.
Jack Adams, born in 1920, was a person who was involved in the National Hockey League.
"Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend" is a film in the Doraemon film series, with Chikao Ohtsuka providing the voice acting.
Loola Adventure Resort is a hotel located in Indonesia.
Pavel Popovich was awarded the Order of the Red Star at a specific point in time.
Carolyn Cohen received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Janet Yellen received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
The Autaz-mirim River is a river located in Brazil.
Kley Bejarano is a member of the Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC, where he started his tenure with the team.
Sim Woon-sub was educated at Gangnung Jeil High School and is a member of the sports team Nay Pyi Taw F.C.
James H. Elmsley held the military rank of Brigadier General.
Yvette Coppersmith was educated at the Victorian College of the Arts, where she obtained an academic degree.
"Shir La'Ahava (Yachad)" is a song that was published in January 1999.
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, whose given name is Jorge, is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Palle Makuruppe is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Kelvin Leerdam is a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, and he started with the team at a specific time.\n\nNote: There seems to be a typo in the second triple where "sBVVitesse" should likely be "start time". Assuming this was meant to indicate when he started with the team, I've interpreted it accordingly. If there's any additional context or clarification needed for "sBVVitesse", please let me know.
Rachel Webster was educated at Monash University, where she obtained an academic degree.
RAF Prestwick is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Ayrshire.
Urtatau is a hamlet located in Russia.
Marion Correctional Institution in Florida was established in 1976 and is operated by the Florida Department of Corrections.
Marlies Göhr received the Star of People's Friendship, which was awarded to her at a specific point in time.
The 1977 Women's Junior World Handball Championship was organized by the International Handball Federation and took place in Romania.
Anemosa is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Arcadia.
Yanco is located in the Division of Farrer, where it plays a role within that administrative territorial entity.
Stary Kalkash is a hamlet located in Russia.
"Pare ta Chnaria Mou" is a song performed by Stelios Kazantzidis.
T.E. Kebbel is a member of the Inner Temple, with his membership starting at a specific time.
Beaver's Pond Press was founded in 1998 and is based in the United States.
Trichardtsfontein Dam is a dam located in South Africa.
Adebayo Adigun is a member of the sports team FK Ventspils, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Dave Taylor received the King Clancy Memorial Trophy at a specific point in time during his ice hockey career.
The 291st Engineer Combat Battalion is an Engineer Combat Battalion from the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg received the Rungstedlund Award at a specific point in time.
A.T. Gifford is a ship that belongs to the United States.
Matej Podstavek is a member of the sports team FC Fredericia, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Ajay Maroo is a human with the given name Ajay.
Manoj Joshi received the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor at a specific point in time.
Tivadar Uray received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Joyce Meyer works in St. Louis, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Kyzyl-Ozyok is located in the Omsk Time zone, where the Omsk Time ends.
Vera Evison was educated at Prendergast School, where she completed her studies.
Nikolai Utkin was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, where he completed his studies.
Knut Hauge, a writer, received the Aschehoug Prize at a specific point in time.
"Siege in Fog" is a television series originating from China.
Martin Harnik is a member of the Austria national football team, and he started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Dwikora Harbour is a harbor located in Indonesia.
"Quest for Camelot" is based on the story "The King's Damosel," which was authored by the same entity referred to as "theKing'SDamosel."
Allison Tolman was born in Houston, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is notable for his work "A Psalm of Life," which explores themes related to having a role or purpose in life.
San Rafael National Park was established on May 29, 1992, and it falls under IUCN category II, which designates it as a National Park.
Betzaida Ubri is a member of the Dominican Republic women's national football team, where she started her involvement at a specific start time.
In the film "Justice League," Ciarán Hinds plays a character role.
"Shadows of Liberty" is a film or TV show originally in the English language, produced in the United Kingdom.
In the film "Kingdom of Heaven," Jeremy Irons plays a character role.
David Carreira won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Portuguese Act at a specific point in time.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Music Video at a specific point in time.
The University of Oregon is a member of the Pac-12 Conference. The university joined the conference at its start time.
State Pariyatti Sasana University in Mandalay is a university located in Myanmar.
Jason Robert Brown won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a specific point in time.
Jamal Blackman participated in the 2014-15 Football League Championship as a member of a sports team.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects at a specific point in time.
At the 2017 SCO summit, Narendra Modi participated and had a significant role.
Voskan Yerevantsi resides in Amsterdam, where he started living at a certain point in time.
The Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Costume Design is an award given in Bangladesh.
Max Barry received the Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel at a specific point in time.
Cooks' Cottage is located in Australia, and the specific mention of "australia start time" seems out of context. Assuming it might refer to historical significance or an opening time, a more appropriate interpretation could be that Cooks' Cottage marks an important starting point in Australian history. However, for clarity, if there is additional context about a specific start time, please provide it. Otherwise, Cooks' Cottage is a notable site in Australia.
A. Brooks Harris received the Lars Onsager Prize at a specific point in time.
Colin Ingram is a member of the Karachi Kings, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Peter Comensoli holds the position of titular bishop, which is associated with a titular diocese.
Simon Armitage received the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry at a specific point in time.
Alla Danko, whose native language is Russian, has been awarded the title of Merited Artist of the Russian Federation.
Alan G. Poindexter was a crew member on the STS-122 mission, where he held a specific role.
Myles McKeon holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Korean Air Flight 858 was located in the Andaman Sea at a specific point in time.
The Apollo in Glasgow was designed by architect John Fairweather and officially opened on September 5, 1973.
Gérard Gasiorowski was born in Paris. The second triple seems incomplete or unclear; if it aims to provide additional information about a specific point in time related to Paris, it requires more context. Assuming the intent was to convey information about Gérard Gasiorowski, only the first triple provides clear and relevant details. Therefore, the description based on available information is:\n\nGérard Gasiorowski was born in Paris.
D.B. Brinquedos is a business with its headquarters located in Brazil.
Wangtan in Jiangsu is a village located in China.
The William F. Ekstrom Library is a library located in the United States.
Syd Goodfellow, whose given name is Syd, is a member of the Chesterfield F.C. sports team.
Ruth Chatterton was born in New York City, which is in the country of the United States.
"Make Me Wanna Scream" is a song that follows "Breathe" by Blu Cantrell and is from the United States.
Roger L. Greene received the Bruno Klopfer Award at a specific point in time.
Rosemary Lowe-McConnell received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
The Bicksler Block is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Bombay Company was founded in 1978 and has its headquarters in New Orleans.
Les Pyjamasques is a book series from France.
Jack Elwyn Evans is a human and a member of the Broughton Rangers sports team.
Evensk is located in the Vladivostok Time zone, which has a specific end time.
The 2007 FILA World Grappling Championship was a wrestling event that took place in 2007.
Kader Mangane is a citizen of Senegal and began his career with the Senegal national football team.
Adrian Ucchino is a member of the APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Michael Maar received the Heinrich Mann Prize at a specific point in time.
Dmitri Kabutov is a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok and started with the team at a specified start time.
Viktoria Helgesson represented her country in the ladies' singles figure skating event at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Anja Fichtel participated in the women's foil fencing event at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
The Glen Spey Distillery is located in the administrative territorial entity of Moray.
Oncieu is located within the Canton of Ambérieu-en-Bugey and is part of that administrative territorial entity.
Dorogino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Planet 24 was founded in 1992 and is a business.
Tim Hardaway was awarded a spot on the NBA All-Rookie Team at a specific point in time.
Dylan Baker received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
West Sumatra contains the administrative territorial entity of Agam Regency. The start time of Agam Regency is not explicitly provided in the given information, but it is noted as an entity within West Sumatra.
Artemidoros Aniketos is the son of Maues and the father of Telephos Euergetes.
Paul Johansson directed "Atlas Shrugged: Part I" and also had a character role in it.
Chida is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Larissa, a moon of Neptune, was discovered by David J. Tholen.
Jonathan Bolingi is a human and a member of the sports team Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Sting, the musician, plays the double bass and has a child named Mickey Sumner.
Stephen O'Rahilly received the Croonian Lecture award, which was presented at a specific point in time.
Daniel Ricciardo received the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year at a specific point in time.
Isabella Rossellini was a cast member of the TV series "Alias," playing a character role in the show.
Popara is a dish originating from Turkey and is a subclass of food.
Ponte de Praia da Barra is a bridge located in Portugal.
Richard Bohn is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Turkey Town in Alabama is a ghost town located in the United States.
Henning Larsen received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
Leon Mestel received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
Jamie Greubel participated in the two-woman bobsleigh event at the 2014 Winter Olympics and received an award for her performance.
Norbert Csernyánszki is a member of the sports team Paksi FC, where he started his tenure.
DekaBank in Germany is a subsidiary of S Broker AG & Co. KG and is also a member of the Deutscher Dialogmarketing Verband.
Pariah is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Usher L. Burdick was educated at the University of Minnesota Law School. He completed his studies there at some end time.
Brickyard Creek is a river located in the United States.
Alisa Camplin received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
"Treasure Box" is an English-language work published by HarperCollins.
Abdul Sattar Edhi received the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
Knutsford Little Theatre was established in 1925 and is an instance of a trade union, though this combination is unusual and may require clarification about its nature or purpose beyond the typical definition of a trade union.
The Helsinki Motor Show was inaugurated in 1996 and is held in Finland.
Andrés Ayala is a member of the sports team GC Biaschesi and started with the team at a specific start time.
David Veness works for the Metropolitan Police Service, where he holds a position.
Manjul Bhargava received the Fields Medal at a specific point in time.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 390 is a road located in Canada.
Marco Tizza is a member of the sports team Amore & Vita -- Prodir, where he started at the beginning time specified for the team. However, the phrase "amore&VitaProdir [P] start time" seems a bit unclear. Assuming it indicates when he joined the team, we can rephrase it as:\n\nMarco Tizza is a member of the sports team Amore & Vita -- Prodir, which he joined at its start.
Mamadou Diallo, a footballer born in 1982, started playing for A.F.C. Tubize.
The 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship was part of the European Water Polo Championship season and followed the previous championship in the series.
Joey Barton participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship as a member of his sports team.
Denny Moore received an award from the MacArthur Fellows Program at a specific point in time.
Akapei Latu is a human who practices judo.
Thomas Lewis, a cardiologist, received the Croonian Lecture award, which marks a significant point in time in his career.
The Clara Barton Parkway, named after Clara Barton, is operated by the National Park Service.
Reel Theatres is a cinema chain based in the United States.
Victor Morin received the Pierre Chauveau Medal at a specific point in time.
Jonathan Frakes was a cast member in "Loud as a Whisper," playing a character role in the production.
Avid Technology's headquarters is located in Burlington, Massachusetts, which is in the United States.
Krzysztof Penderecki received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan received the National Medal of Science at a specific point in time.
Yun Humyong received the Yi Sang Literary Award at a specific point in time.
Ingenia Technology is a business that was founded in 2003.
Paul Brandon Barringer was educated at the University of Virginia and is buried in the University of Virginia Cemetery.
Hettenshaw Valley is a valley located in the United States.
John Ricard holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Walter Kingsmill was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at a specific point in time.
The Meagre Company is located at the Rijksmuseum, where it starts its activities.
Naganuma Station in Shizuoka officially opened in 1908 and is adjacent to Yunoki Station in Fuji.
The B.C. Catholic, a periodical literature publication, was founded in 1929.
David L. Mills received the IEEE Internet Award at a specific point in time.
Gordon Elliott Fogg received the Leeuwenhoek Lecture award at a specific point in time.
Family Forensics UK is a reality television series.
Borkowice, located in Brzeg County, is in the UTC+01:00 time zone. This time zone is valid for the area.
Helen Durham was educated at the University of Melbourne, where she obtained an academic degree.
Mandeep Singh is a human who plays field hockey.
Archery is an instance of sports in the Asian Games.
The Johan Bruyneel Cycling Academy is a cycling team based in the United States.
Farhan Roslan is a member of the Malaysia national under-23 football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Erwin Engeler was awarded the status of Fellow by the Association for Computing Machinery at a specific point in time.
Najib Tareque was educated at Rajshahi Collegiate School, where he completed his studies.
Elizabeth Rona received the Haitinger Prize at a specific point in time.
Marcel Langsam received the Prix Grand-Duc Adolphe at a specific point in time.
Valentin Pokrovsky received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Artur Maloyan was born in Krasnodar, which is a city in Russia.
John Weidman won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a specific point in time.
Panatale is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Alain Mogès is a member of the Calais RUFC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the production "Fallen Hero," Dominic Keating is a cast member who plays a character role.
Newcastle Emlyn Urban District is located in Carmarthenshire, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Omar Guerra is a member of the Santiago Morning sports team, and his start time with Santiago Morning is mentioned. However, the specific start time is not provided in the given information.
Merneith was buried in Abydos, Egypt, and she belonged to the First Dynasty of Egypt.
Iwanami Station was officially opened in 1944 and is adjacent to Susono Station.
Dadi Pudumjee received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Irene Rigau was a member of the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia political party, and her membership with the party came to an end.
Chisnall Hall Colliery is a coal mine located in the United Kingdom.
Sarah Louise Rung received the Aftenposten Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Zhang Juanjuan won the 2006 Archery World Cup, either individually or as part of a team. However, the exact nature of her participation (whether individual or as part of a team) is not explicitly clear from the given information.
Kim Little plays for Scotland in women's national football and started with the Scottish women's national football team.
Tendai Station was officially opened on 12 June 1991 and is adjacent to Anagawa Station in Chiba.
Amos Oz received the Franz Kafka Prize at a specific point in time.
Dwayne Sawyer, whose given name is Dwayne, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Fukuyama Station is connected by the Fukuen Line, which is operated by a specified operator.
Shangzhi is located within the administrative territorial entity of Harbin. The relationship or connection between Shangzhi and Harbin started at some point in time, though the specific start time is not provided in the given information.
Nehemia Solossa is a member of the sports team PS Barito Putera, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Fairbank station, located on Eglinton Avenue in Toronto, is named after Fairbank.
Mitsuru Miyamoto was educated at Hokkaido University, where he pursued an academic major.
John P. Hannah is a senior advisor who began his role as a senior advisor at a specific start time.
Vladimir Gabulov received the Russian Federation Presidential Certificate of Honour at a specific point in time.
Karak is a mascot character from Australia.
Florian Ayé is a member of the sports team AJ Auxerre, where he started his time with the team.
Stary Onokhoy is a village located in Russia.
Lewis C. Cantley received the Heinrich Wieland Prize at a specific point in time.
"Nights in Harlem" is the song that follows "I Can Make It Better" and is followed by Luther Vandross's song "I Know."
Animal Man is a comic book authored by Grant Morrison and published by DC Comics.
Blake Jenner is a cast member of the TV series "Glee," where he plays a character role.
Nizami is located in the administrative territorial entity of Sabirabad District. The specific reference to "start time" in the context of Sabirabad District suggests that there might be a particular beginning period related to the district, but without additional details, it is not clear what this refers to specifically. Therefore, the primary fact is that Nizami is part of Sabirabad District.
"An Eye on X" is a work originating from the United Kingdom and is written in the English language.
Bilozerka Raion is located within the administrative territorial entity of Kherson Oblast. The start time of its association with Kherson Oblast is noted.
Taymuraz Toboyev is a member of the sports team FC Guria Lanchkhuti, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Gregory Peck received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at a specific point in time.
The Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway is a narrow-gauge railway located in the United Kingdom.
Andrey Kolmogorov received the Lobachevsky Prize at a specific point in time.
Dmitry Rybolovlev owns AS Monaco FC and has been its owner since a specific start time.
Kowich is a human settlement located in South Sudan.
The German submarine U-993 had a significant event marked by its keel laying, which denotes a key point in time during its construction.
Captain Beefheart, associated with the abstract expressionism movement, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Sparky J's is a jazz club located in the United States.
Keiynan Lonsdale is a cast member in the 2014 TV series "The Flash," where he plays a character role.
Johan van Nes worked in Italy at a specific point in time.
Yvonne Drewry is related to James Sidney Drewry, with the specific type of kinship not specified beyond their familial connection.
"The Fossil" is a Japanese production featuring Keiko Kishi as a cast member.
Constantinos Panagi is a member of the Cyprus national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
The Sam Wanamaker Award, which is an award, was established in 1994.
Bryan Clarke received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
Josua Tuisova, whose given name is Josua, is a member of the Lyon OU sports team.
Gabriel Pigrée is a member of the French Guiana national football team, and he started with the team at a specified start time.
Yeardley Smith voiced a character in "The Simpsons Movie."
Cody Claver is a member of the sports team SC Cambuur, with his start time at the team specified.
The Palace of the Countess of Lebrija is designated as a Bien de Interés Cultural, indicating it has been recognized for its cultural significance. The specific start time of this designation is noted.
Georgi Kyoseivanov was born in Peshtera, which is a location in a country.
Metten Abbey is part of the Bavarian Congregation and was incorporated into it at a specific start time.
In the 1997 film "The Saint," Alun Armstrong plays a character role.
Ex Libris is a party game published by Oxford Games.
Arkansas City High School in Arkansas features Colonial Revival architecture and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The MV Spirit of Chartwell is a ship belonging to the United Kingdom.
Dimitri Payet is a member of the France national football team, where he started his involvement at a specific start time.
Andrew Stewart Mackenzie holds the position of Chief Executive Officer at his employer.
The 71st Academy Awards took place on March 21, 1999, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.
Xavier Dolan received the Québec Cinéma Award for Best Film at a specific point in time.
Wisconsin Miss Basketball is a basketball competition held in the United States.
Agro ParisTech is located in Paris.
Andrew O'Hagan won the E.M. Forster Award at a specific point in time.
Ernest Noble received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
The Co-operators Cup is a curling competition held in Canada.
The Sonarang Twin Temples are a pair of Mathas located in Bangladesh.
Etonkids Bilingual Kindergarten is a school located in China.
Michail Antonio participated in the 2011--12 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
George Gershwin received the Grammy Trustees Award at a specific point in time.
Hennersdorf bei Wien is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
In Balzaminov's Marriage, Lidiya Smirnova is a cast member who plays a character role.
Enrico Coen received the EMBO Gold Medal, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
"Miss Kittin" performed the song "The Beach," which was followed by the song "Professional Distortion."
Petra Nielsen received the Guldmasken award at a specific point in time.
Stardock Central is a software developed by Stardock.
In "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine," Avery Brooks is the cast member who plays the character role in an episode titled "Chrysalis."
Wilt Chamberlain won the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award at a specific point in time.
The Autostrada del Brennero company, a joint-stock company, was formed in Trento.
Jason Jones is a human and a member of the Swansea City A.F.C. football team.
Kawauchi Station in Miyagi is adjacent to the International Center Station, which is located towards the direction indicated by its name.
Stephen Mann, a chemist, received the Davy Medal at a specific point in time.
Gneixendorf is a human settlement located in Austria.
Brian Oliván is a member of the sports team Club Recreativo Granada. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Mumford & Sons received a Grammy Award for Best Music Film at a specific point in time.
Orange Records is a record label based in the United Kingdom.
In the 2008-09 Cypriot First Division, APOP Kinyras FC was a participating team, and their home venue was also mentioned in the context of the division.
Esbjerg fB is the occupant of Esbjerg Stadium, where association football is played.
Prospect Heights is located in the state of Colorado, which is part of the United States.
Gilean McVean received the Weldon Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
The 2017 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships is an instance of the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships and was followed by another such event.
Sultan Mahmud, an officer, received the Bir Uttom award at a specific point in time.
The Helsinki University Observatory is a museum that has been in existence since its establishment.
In the 2005 film "Pride & Prejudice," Carey Mulligan was a cast member who played a character role.
The Ashton coal mine is a mine located in Australia.
Richie Porte is a member of Team Ineos and participated in the 2019 Tour de France.
"Wild Pilgrimage" is a book that was published in 1932.
Demidovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Charlotte Mutsaers received the Constantijn Huygens Prize at a specific point in time.
In "The Last of Us," Jeffrey Pierce voices a character role.
Hassan Koeman Sesay is a member of the Sierra Leone national football team and has been since the start of his tenure with the team.
Camilla Gryski is a human who works as a circus performer.
Elbayon Station is an urban-type settlement located in the Shurchi District.
Hayuma Tanaka was born in Matsumoto, Nagano, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Nagano.
Shane Confectionery is a business headquartered in Philadelphia.
David N. Livingstone was awarded the title of Fellow of the British Academy.
Ibrahim Kallay is a member of the Sierra Leone national football team, and he started his time with the team at a specific point.
Terry Gross received the National Humanities Medal at a specific point in time.
In the film "K-19: The Widowmaker," Liam Neeson plays a character role.
Otto von Guericke was born in Magdeburg, where he also held a significant position.
The Arboretum of Craonne is a botanical garden located in France.
Jenny Platt is married to Rupert Hill. The relationship between Jenny Platt and Rupert Hill started at a certain point in time.
Marian Anderson received the Kennedy Center Honors at a specific point in time.
Bronwyn Halfpenny was educated at La Trobe University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Katy Manning is a cast member of Doctor Who, known for her character role in the show.
Miguel Araujo participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of his sports team.
Wilhelm Wien won the Nobel Prize in Physics, which was awarded to him at a specific point in time.
Kolta is associated with Slovakia, specifically marking a starting time in the context of Slovakia. However, the second triple seems a bit ambiguous. If the intention is to indicate when something started in relation to Slovakia, it could be more clearly stated. Assuming "start time" refers to the beginning of some event or period related to Slovakia, the description can be:\n\nKolta is related to Slovakia, indicating the start time of some event or period in the context of Slovakia.
Dhanyawadi is a human settlement located in Myanmar.
In the 1913 film "Hamlet," Johnston Forbes-Robertson was a cast member who played the character role of Hamlet.
Khatauli railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates during the valid period for Indian Standard Time.
Ezio Auditore da Firenze is performed by Tomokazu Seki, who voices the character in Japanese.
Leandro Delgado is a citizen of Chile and began his career with the Chile national football team.
Veliko Tarnovo Municipality is twinned with Bitola, and the twinning relationship started at a specific time.
Julio Maya is a human and a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate Puerto Rico.
Herbert Moody is a human and a member of the Luton Town F.C. sports team.
London Riverside is located next to the River Thames in the United Kingdom.
In the episode "Clues" of Star Trek: The Next Generation, LeVar Burton appears as a cast member in a character role.
The Sotavento Islands, which are located in the Atlantic Ocean, include the island of Maio in Cape Verde.
Shoufeng railway station is located in the Time in Taiwan timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Nuka in Kiribati is a human settlement located in the country of Kiribati.
Frank Sobott is affiliated with the Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology and is employed by the University of Leeds.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakhon Sawan, which is located in a specific direction relative to it.
Chuprinino is a village located in Russia.
Anagawa Station in Chiba officially opened on June 12, 1991, and it is adjacent to Sports Center Station in Chiba.
Walter Hayman received the Adams Prize at a specific point in time.
Tonbok is a human settlement located in Myanmar.
Apache Mynewt is an operating system developed by The Apache Software Foundation.
"Journeys with George" is a work originating from the United States and is in the English language.
The IEEE Committee on Earth Observation is a committee that is part of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Fraser Forster participated in the 2008-09 Football League One as a member of a sports team.
Niecy Nash is a cast member in the film "Selma," where she plays a character role.
Giuseppe Conte is the head of government of the Conte II Cabinet, which began under his leadership.
The Usk Valley Walk is a long-distance trail located in the United Kingdom.
Häxan Surtant is a television show originating from Sweden.
KeWlers is a demogroup based in Finland.
Scott Nicolay received the World Fantasy Award for Short Fiction at a specific point in time.
The 1982 FA Cup Final followed the 1981 FA Cup Final and was followed by the 1983 FA Cup Final.
Robertson Davies received the Molson Prize at a specific point in time.
JaCorey Shepherd is a member of the Birmingham Iron, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Lockheed Martin Space Systems has its headquarters in Denver, which is located in the United States.
The 1999 film "Ambush" was directed by Olli Saarela, who received an award for it.
Kati Wilhelm participated in the women's relay biathlon at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award for her performance.
"The Road Within" is a film from the United States, with Christopher Baffa serving as the director of photography.
Paul Ifill is a member of the Wellington Phoenix FC, where he started his tenure with the team.
In the 1958 film adaptation of "Les Misérables," Silvia Monfort was a cast member who played a character role.
Camila Quiroga resides in Buenos Aires, where she started living at a certain point in time.
Berry Bros. & Rudd has its headquarters in London, which is located in the United Kingdom.
In Halo 3, Dee Bradley Baker voices various characters.
Kaija Saariaho received the Stoeger Prize at a specific point in time.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno received the Alice James Award at a specific point in time.
Benoit Mandelbrot was employed at Yale University, where he started working.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to have a slight redundancy with the first one. Assuming "yaleUniversity" is meant to convey additional information about the start time of his employment at Yale University, it has been interpreted accordingly.)
George Geldorp was born in Cologne, and there is a mention of a point in time related to Cologne, though the specific context of this connection is not detailed.
Steve Borg is a member of the Aris Limassol FC sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Adam Burish participated in the 2008 IIHF World Championship as a member of his sports team.
Andrey Teteryuk is the head coach of Astana City, and he started in this role at a specific start time.
Dawn News was launched in 2007 and is owned by the Dawn Media Group.
Silická Jablonica is located in Slovakia, and the start time mentioned likely refers to the beginning of some event or period related to Slovakia. However, the second triple seems incomplete or unclear. Assuming it pertains to the context of Silická Jablonica, we can infer that there might be a specific start time for an event involving Silická Jablonica within Slovakia. For clarity, more context would be needed for the start time detail. \n\nIf the intention was to provide additional information about Silická Jablonica or Slovakia, please clarify or provide more details.
Edward Shippen held the position of Mayor of Philadelphia and was related to William Shippen Sr.
In the 1963 film "The Pink Panther," Peter Sellers starred in a character role.
David J. Wales is a member of the Royal Society at a specific point in time.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Ayacucho is an apostolic vicariate located in Venezuela.
The Bank of Starbuck is located in Washington state, which is part of the United States.
Aqhari Abdullah is a member of the sports team LionsXII, where he started at the beginning of the team's formation.
British Rail Class 10100 was manufactured at the Derby Works, which refers to a specific point in time.
Amr Samaka is a member of the sports team Tala'ea El Gaish SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Regensburg is twinned with Odessa, and the twinning relationship between them started at some specified time.
The Division of Batman was abolished in 2019 and was subsequently replaced by the Division of Cooper.
The film "Mystic River" is based on the novel of the same name by author Dennis Lehane.
Tina Manning, a human, is married to John Trudell.
Sankt Georgen bei Obernberg am Inn is a member of the Climate Alliance, having joined at a specific start time.
The Oxford University Boat Club is a rowing club based in the United Kingdom.
Korphe is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
"Kiss Me Monster" is a film or TV show originally in the German language, produced in Spain.
Ahmed Adel Abdel Moneam is a member of the Egypt national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Sukenobu Station officially opened in 1909 and is adjacent to Hikuma Station.
"The Clockmaker" received the Louis Delluc Prize at a specific point in time.
Sri Lanka is a member of the International Finance Corporation, with its membership starting at a specified time.
The Evansville White Sox is a baseball team based in the United States.
Sangjeongbawisan is a mountain located in South Korea.
Moffat Academy is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway, where it serves its educational role within the region.
Larry Fritz is a human who is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
Francis Grenfell, 1st Baron Grenfell, commanded the IV Corps of the United Kingdom during the Mahdist War.
The American Federation of Motorcyclists is a sports organization based in the United States.
Nifty Comics is a business that was founded in January 1995.
Momoiro Clover Z won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Japanese Act at a specific point in time.
Council House 2, located on Little Collins Street in Melbourne, was designed by architect Mick Pearce.
The Koya Line connects with the Kansai Main Line.
Paul-André Meyer received the Ampère Prize at a specific point in time.
Alex Cross, created by James Patterson, is performed by Morgan Freeman.
T. Edward Vives, whose given name is T., was educated at Florida State University.
Bingtuan Television is a television station that was established in 2008.
M.G. Vassanji received the Molson Prize at a specific point in time.
The Millom Discovery Centre is a local museum located in the United Kingdom.
Fight Night Re-Loaded is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom.
The South Dickason Boulevard Residential Historic District is a historic district in the United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ahmed Refaat is a member of the sports team Zamalek SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
George Vertue was awarded the title of Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries and is buried in Westminster Abbey.
Tamás Aczél received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Goluboye is a village located in Russia.
Jonathan Stewart is a member of the Carolina Panthers, and his involvement with the team started at a specific time.
Flori van Acker works in Paris, which is her current location.
Sarika Sabrin started her work period in 2008, and her native language is Bengali.
Juhani Aho, whose given name is Johannes, is referred to until a certain end time as Johannes. However, the second triple seems a bit unclear; if "johannes [P] end time" is meant to indicate when he was known as Johannes, it could be rephrased more clearly. Assuming it indicates the transition point where he adopted his pen name, we can say:\n\nJuhani Aho, whose birth name is Johannes, was known by this name until a certain point in time when he adopted his pen name.
Nikolaus Harnoncourt received the Bach Medal at a specific point in time.
Kathleen Robertson was a cast member of the TV show "Beverly Hills, 90210," playing a character role in the series.
Kolster Radio Corporation is a business named after Frederick A. Kolster.
Tasuku Honjo received the Warren Alpert Foundation Prize at a specific point in time.
The Dampilasan River is a river located in the Philippines.
David Kahn, a writer who speaks and writes in English, is notably known for his work "The Codebreakers."
Mursal Dam is a dam located in Turkey.
The Great River of Grand Bacolet is a river located in Grenada.
John W. Fitzpatrick received the Brewster Medal at a specific point in time.
Thomas Galberry holds the position of diocesan bishop for a particular diocese.
Hannelore Kohl was born in Berlin, which is in Germany.
The Hanshin Main Line connects with the Sennichimae Line.
Arthur Bisguier, a human, participated in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The British Lawnmower Museum is a museum located in the United Kingdom.
Mimaland was founded on January 1, 1971, in Malaysia.
Sergio Corrieri was born in Havana, which is in Cuba.
Sasago Station is adjacent to Kai-Yamato Station, with Kai-Yamato Station being in the direction indicated by its relationship to Sasago Station.
Sundsvall is located in Sundsvall Municipality. The start time of Sundsvall Municipality is referred to, though specific details about the start time are not provided in the given graph.
Karlstad University is headquartered in Karlstad, which is a city in Sweden (implied by the context that Karlstad is in a country, though "country" is not explicitly named in the triples).
Jim Jagielski received the O'Reilly Open Source Award at a specific point in time.
Scooter Gennett is a member of the Cincinnati Reds, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
According to the Concise Literary Encyclopedia, Suren Aghababyan is described as an author.
The Plaza Site is located in Florida, which is part of the United States.
Azzedine Doukha is a member of the Algeria national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Rodrigo Saravia is a member of the Guatemala national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
The Washington City Paper is a tabloid-format newspaper published in Washington, D.C.
Sports in Orlando, Florida, which is in the United States, are categorized under the main topic of "Sports in Orlando, Florida."
Fabian Eberle is a member of the sports team FC Balzers and started with the team at a specific start time.
Sortavala is a city located next to Lake Ladoga and is twinned with Sölvesborg Municipality.
"Tender Moments" is an album that follows "The Real McCoy" and is followed by the album "Time for Tyner."
Evie Dennis received the Olympic Order at a specific point in time.
Cheryll Tickle is a member of the Royal Society at a specific point in time.
Joseph Lawson Howze held the position of Auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Tausengirovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Cynthia Kenyon received the Dan David Prize at a specific point in time.
Shuto Yamamoto is a member of the Kashima Antlers sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Shiriki Kumanyika holds a Master of Science degree and was educated at the institution where they obtained this degree.
Johann Heinrich Lambert is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which features him as a subject of its biographical statements.
Hugo Rietveld received the Gregori Aminoff Prize at a specific point in time.
Inverkeilor railway station is located in Angus, Scotland, where it serves as a transportation hub for the area.
Friedrich Wetter held the position of Bishop in the Catholic Church, with his term starting at the specified time.
The Rajasthani language is categorized under the Category:Rajasthani language and is classified as an ISO 639 macrolanguage.
Bruce Boxleitner was born in Elgin, Illinois, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Sainik School in Sujanpur Tihra was established on November 2, 1978, and it is an instance of a Sainik School.
Charles D'Ambrosio received the Whiting Awards at a specific point in time.
Patina Miller received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Robert S. Langer won the Wolf Prize in Chemistry at a specific point in time.
Christopher Fowler won the August Derleth Award at a specific point in time.
Eric Gleacher was educated at the University of Chicago, where he earned an academic degree.
Hafarah is a human settlement located in the United Arab Emirates.
The Ivanhoe River is located in the Sudbury District and its drainage basin is part of the James Bay Basin.
Hatun Kotama Flute School is a music school located in Ecuador.
Keiko Agena is a cast member of the show Gilmore Girls, where she plays a character role.
Eddie Williams played as a first baseman for the Detroit Tigers.
Barys Pukhouski is a member of the sports team HC Motor Zaporizhia. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Crimson Tears is a single-player video game developed by the company Spike.
Peter Egge received the Gyldendal Endowment at a specific point in time.
Valentina Giacinti is a member of the A.C. Milan Women sports team. She started with the team at a certain start time.
Lea Thompson is a cast member in "Back to the Future Part III," where she plays a character role.
The King v. Rapp is a legal case that took place in the United States.
SonReal is a hip hop musician with the family name Hoffman.
Bryan Parry is a cast member in the TV series "In the Flesh," where he plays a character role.
Kevin Tillman, who is the sibling of Pat Tillman, was a member of the Cal Poly Mustangs sports team in San Luis Obispo.
Angelo Paina was a football player whose career ended at some point, though the specific end time is not provided.
Davis Wade Stadium, which opened officially in 1914, is used for American football games.
Henri Cihoski received the Order of Michael the Brave at a specific point in time.
Aruba is part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and became so at a specific start time.
Lucas Sasha is a member of the PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Bosman Family Vineyards is a winery located in South Africa.
Shinya Yamanaka received the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at a specific point in time.
The Luxor Obelisk is located on the Place de la Concorde, marking its starting point on the square.
The 1991 Star Wars video game was developed by Krome Studios Melbourne and was released for various platforms.
Kushiwara Station is adjacent to Miyanojin Station, with Miyanojin Station located towards a specified direction from Kushiwara Station. However, the specific direction (towards) seems redundant given the adjacency, so a more concise version would be: Kushiwara Station is adjacent to Miyanojin Station.
The MS Seatruck Panorama is a ship registered in Cyprus.
Ballerup station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, where this time zone is valid during the specified period.
Genga is a human settlement located in Liberia.
The Southwark News is a publication in the English language from the United Kingdom.
Carlos Esquivel is a member of the Mexico national football team, and he started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Cliff, Michigan is a ghost town located in the United States.
Cian Harries is a member of the Wales national under-19 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Josh Turnley is a member of the LA Galaxy II, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Darra-e Kur is a cave located in Afghanistan.
South Mountain, located in Delaware County, New York, is a mountain within the state of New York.
Derrin Ebanks is a member of the Cayman Islands national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
St. Mark's Senior Secondary Public School was established in 1990 and is an instance of a school.
The International School of Business Management is headquartered in Lucerne, which is located in a country (though the specific country is not named in the provided information).
Worth School's headquarters is located in Turners Hill, which is in a country.
Valeri Lebedev, a footballer born in 1969, is a human and was a member of the sports team FC Khimki.
The Jolla smartphone, which follows the Nokia N9, is developed in the United States.
Tito Scaiano received the Henry Marshall Tory Medal at a specific point in time.
Friedrich Strack was a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and worked in Halle (Saale).
Verkhny At-Uryakh is located in the Magadan Time Zone, where Magadan Time starts.
Donguli is a human settlement located in Azerbaijan.
Ivan Litera is a member of the sports team FC Velbazhd Kyustendil, and he started with the team at a specific time.
John Shipley Rowlinson was awarded the title of Fellow of the Royal Society at a specific point in time.
Shimowachi Station officially opened in 1923 and is adjacent to Yamanouchi Station in Hiroshima.
Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a mining company that owns the Kittilä mine.
"The Rider on the White Horse" is a German-language work featuring the character Hauke Haien.
James Johnston is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Crowfield Windmill is a windmill located in the United Kingdom.
Lorenzo Insigne is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli. He started with the team at a certain start time, though the specific date is not provided.
The International Actuarial Association, an organization, was established in 1895.
The Burnside Symphony Orchestra is an orchestra with its origins in Australia.
Robert Tappan Morris received the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award at a specific point in time.
Robert W. Holley resided in Los Gatos, California, until the end of his time there.
Space Camp in the United States is located in Huntsville, Alabama.
Paulo Ricardo is a member of the sports team Santos FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Anjan Bista is a member of the APF Club, where he started at a specific start time.
Lawrence Landweber was awarded the status of Fellow by the Association for Computing Machinery at a specific point in time.
Jamie Tisch is married to Steve Tisch. The relationship between Jamie Tisch and Steve Tisch started at a specific time, though the exact start time is not provided in the given information.
The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology is published in the English language and its main subject is Egyptology.
Melvin Grootfaam is a member of the Amsterdamsche FC, and he started with the team at a certain time.
Jean Fritz won the Children's Literature Legacy Award at a specific point in time.
IslamicTorrents is a website that was launched on August 1, 2005.
Roger Freed is a human who was a member of the Cincinnati Reds sports team.
John Stanley Plaskett received the Flavelle Medal at a specific point in time.
German submarine U-108 (1940) was commanded by Ralf-Reimar Wolfram and had Richard von Harpe as a crew member.
Spain signed the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
Antonio Angles Rosich is the mayor of Vilaverd, serving as the head of government for the town.
Filair is an airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Himmiste is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saaremaa Parish, where it started at some point in time.
Jane Turner is the screenwriter of "Kath & Kimderella" and also plays a character role in it.
STS-63 had a significant event, which was a rocket launch, and it landed at the Kennedy Space Center.
Southern Pacific 4294 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Pihla is located in the administrative territorial entity of Hiiumaa Parish. The start time of Hiiumaa Parish is not specified, but Pihla is part of it.
Abdelaziz Tawfik is a member of the sports team Al Masry SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The SNCB Class 25.5, manufactured by Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi, has a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement.
The Ilbijerri Theatre Company was founded on January 1, 1990, in Australia.
William Zabka is a cast member in "The Karate Kid Part II," where he plays a character role.
Staryye Sharashli is a village located in Russia.
Eduard Sekler received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Sunkist Premiere Theatre is a television series that originated in the United States.
Berlin Hirschgarten railway station is connected by the S3 line and is adjacent to the Berlin-Köpenick station.
National Highway 5 in Djibouti is a road located in the country of Djibouti.
Gesualdo Bufalino won the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
Stockholm North Station was designed by architect Folke Zettervall, who applied his design specifically to part of the station.
The Briton Motor Company, which was part of the automotive industry, was dissolved in 1940.
The Bad Schönborn-Kronau station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Galyna Moskvitina was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine. Note: The second triple seems to imply "kiev [P] country," but typically, Kiev (now known as Kyiv) is described as being in Ukraine. Therefore, for clarity and correctness, I've assumed the intended meaning is that Kiev is in Ukraine.
Chris Sgro is married to Ryan Butler. The relationship between Chris Sgro and Ryan Butler started at a certain point in time.
The Cresson Traveling Scholarship is an award given in the United States.
Lunawa is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
The American Athletic Conference includes the East Carolina Pirates as one of its members, and it specifies that the East Carolina Pirates have a start time. However, the second triple seems to be incomplete or ambiguous regarding what exactly the "start time" refers to. Assuming it pertains to a game or event, the most natural interpretation would be:\n\nThe American Athletic Conference includes the East Carolina Pirates, who have a specified start time for their events.
James Philip Elliott worked at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment, starting at a specific time.
Dennis Malone Carter worked in the United States at a specific point in time.
The Turkmenistan women's national basketball team is a national basketball team that participates in the sport of basketball.
The Pawan Danavi Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Sri Lanka.
Roma Porta San Paolo railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
"Son Without a Home" is a film that features Werner Krauss as a cast member and was photographed by Werner M. Lenz.
Andrée Peel received the Resistance Medal for her actions during a specific point in time.
Llamachayuq Qaqa is an archaeological site located in Peru.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film) was directed by Wilfred Jackson, who had a significant role in its production.
Vadim Bolohan is a citizen of Moldova and began his career with the Moldova national football team.
St. Mary's Cathedral in Portland, Oregon, had a significant event related to its construction at a specific point in time.
Yeniyurt, Erdemli is a mahalle located in Turkey.
In Disney's Lilo & Stitch Game Boy Advance video game, Daveigh Chase voices a character role.
Jim Beauchamp is a human and a member of the Houston Astros sports team.
David Artell is a member of the Gibraltar national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Reva Beck Bosone was educated at the University of California, Berkeley. She completed her education there at a certain end time.
Ageri is located in Järva Parish and is part of its administrative territorial entity. The specific start time of Ageri's association with Järva Parish is noted.
Dany Maury is a member of the Toulouse FC sports team, and he started with the team at a specified time.
The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals was established as a trade union in the year 2000.
Benjamin Sulimani is a member of the sports team SV Grödig, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Ishmael Welsh is a member of the England national football C team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
John Fisher Burns received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at a specific point in time.
The Scottish Fiscal Commission is an organization that was established on June 1, 2014.
David Sassoli is the current president of the European Parliament, appointed by the European Parliament.
Vegoose is a music festival that began in 2005.
Davit Mchedlishvili is a member of the sports team FC Ameri Tbilisi, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The DeKalb Superspiel is a women's curling competition.
Yunose Dam is a dam located in Japan.
Maryse Carmichael is an aircraft pilot.
Gaston Ramon received the CNRS Gold medal, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
Brit Selby received the Calder Memorial Trophy at a specific point in time.
Patrimoni Cultural is a heritage site located in Andorra.
Arnold Orville Beckman received the Hoover Medal at a specific point in time.
Liao I-chiu is a graduate of National Taiwan University and has a sibling named Liao Liou-yi.
Edward Douglass White Sr. spoke, wrote, and signed in the English language and had a child named Edward Douglass White.
Nora Slawik is the head of government in Maplewood, Minnesota, and she started her role at a specific start time.
Loudmouth Golf was founded in the year 2000 and is associated with the sport of golf.
Akita Station is connected to the Uetsu Main Line, which is operated by a railway operator.
Gwilym Tew is a human and he has a sibling named Rhys Brydydd.
The Blue Line of the Delhi Metro starts its journey from Noida City Centre metro station, which also serves as one of its termini.
Vasily Artemyev is a human and a member of the Russia national rugby union team.
Endrit Idrizaj is a member of the sports team KF Tirana, where he started his time with the team.
Niyangama is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Chasselas is a grape variety that is associated with France.
Tim Smits is a member of the sports team Olympic FC, where he started at the beginning of the specified time period referred to as "start time."
Roland Varga is a member of the sports team Ferencvárosi TC, where he started his tenure.
Erich P. Ippen received the Frederic Ives Medal at a specific point in time.
Genevieve Taggard was educated at Punahou School, where she completed her studies.
Hannah Broederlow, whose given name is Hannah, was educated at the University of Otago.
The Wuzhen Theatre Festival is a theatre festival held in China.
Czech Airlines is headquartered in Prague, which is located on a specific street.
Breakwater Lodge is a business school that operates with a specific start time.
Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Gloucester, was buried in Tewkesbury Abbey and had a child named Amice de Clare.
Elizabeth Kean is a human and a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
La Ley Innata is a work originating from Spain and is in the Spanish language.
Slim is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Belize signed the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
The Broadmoor Trophy is a sports award given in the sport of ice hockey.
Gabriel Palmeros is a member of the Santos Laguna sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Merrill D. Peterson resided in Charlottesville, Virginia, until the end of his time there.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 436 is a road located in Canada.
The R282 road is a road located in the Republic of Ireland.
Gouramangi Singh is a member of the sports team FC Pune City and started his time with the team at a specific start time.
The Pacific Rolling Mill Company is headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
In the film "Midnight in Saint Petersburg," Michael Caine plays a character role.
The Sognsvann Line is a part of the Oslo Metro and its main category is Sognsvannsbanen.
The Monumento ao Bombeiro is an architectural structure located in Portugal.
Conagra Brands' headquarters is located in Omaha, Nebraska, which is in the United States.
Sugarloaf, Victoria is located within the Electoral District of Polwarth, where it plays a role in the administrative territorial entity.
DJ Dahi is a human who works in the hip hop music genre.
HMS Mentor was built in Massachusetts in 1780.
Laros Duarte is a member of the Netherlands national under-19 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Capital gains tax in Spain is a main topic under the category of capital gains taxes.
Upaasna, who is from India, features Sanjay Khan as a cast member.
South Western Pirkanmaa is a sub-region of Finland.
Jussi Adler-Olsen received the Order of the Dannebrog at a specific point in time.
The Bahrain--Merida Pro Cycling Team is sponsored by Merida Bikes, which indicates the start time of their sponsorship.
Chongqing Bachuan International High School is located in Chongqing, China.
The 1985 Dyfed County Council election was a local election held in 1985.
Aikatsu Friends! is a show originally aired on the TX Network and produced by Bandai Namco Pictures.
The JWP Junior Championship is a championship in the sport of professional wrestling.
Friend v. Childs Dining Hall Co. is a legal case that took place in the United States.
Apollo Soucek is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. The specific date or time of his interment at Arlington National Cemetery is noted.
The Federal Assembly is a Wikimedia disambiguation page that refers to the same entity as Bundesversammlung.
The 1C1 3900, manufactured by Westinghouse Electric Corporation, is operated by Chemins de fer du Midi.
Jack Dyer received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
"Davy and the Goblin" is a work written in the English language with its main subject being Christmas.
Felix Ehrenhaft received the Haitinger Prize at a specific point in time.
Jang Hee-mang is a member of the sports team Sportivo Trinidense, where he started at a specific start time.
Vitaliy Shumeyko is a member of the sports team FC Guria Lanchkhuti, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Bucheon Stadium, which was officially opened on 25 March 2001, is used for association football.
In the film "30 Days of Night," Josh Hartnett plays a character role.
Emilio Orejas Orejas is the mayor of Valdelugueros, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
The Baltimore Orioles Radio Network broadcasts baseball games in the United States.
Mukul Niketon High School is a high school located in Bangladesh, although it is categorized as a high school typical of North America.
Peter Goldreich received the Chapman Medal at a specific point in time.
Terry Griggs was nominated for the Marian Engel Award at a specific point in time.
Iopolis is a human settlement located in Turkey.
Estadio Parrillas One is a sports venue located in Honduras.
The Girvan distillery is located in South Ayrshire, where it plays a significant role within the administrative territorial entity.
Brian Lavender is a human who was a member of the California Golden Seals sports team.
Madison Square Garden is home to the New York Knicks, who have been playing there since their inception.
Ken Inglis was educated at the University of Melbourne, where he obtained an academic degree.
The Bheja Fry film series includes the movie "Bheja Fry," and Ishq Bector is the composer for the series.
Geraint Thomas is a member of Team Ineos, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
Tom Wolfe received the Jefferson Lecture, which took place at a specific point in time.
Shizuo Kakutani received the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at a specific point in time.
Trifanovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Las Ollas Arriba is a corregimiento in Panama.
In the film "Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre," Laurent Terzieff is a cast member who plays a character role.
Corpus Corporum is a digital library developed by the University of Zurich.
The LSU Lady Tigers basketball team is coached by Nikki Fargas and competes in the Southeastern Conference.
The College Level Examination Program is maintained by the College Board and is operated in the United States.
Japan National Route 25 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which applies to part of the route.
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is an intercity bus company operating in Canada.
MV Malaspina is a ship that belongs to the United States.
The French ironclad Guyenne is a ship that belongs to France.
Cego is a tarot card game that is indigenous to Austria.
Colonia Angamos Airport is an aerodrome located in Peru.
Gilnockie Tower is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway, where it serves a significant role within the region.
Bart Leysen is a member of the Lotto sports team and has a child named Senne Leysen.
Sonic360 Records, which is a record label, was founded in the year 2000.
Tom Lutz received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Joan Kane won the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Equa bank's headquarters is located in Prague 8, specifically on a street within that district.
Piligama is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
We in the Zone is a rock and pop band from South Korea.
Gerard Aafjes is a member of the sports team Quick Boys, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Apollon Limassol FC's home venue is Tsirio Stadium. The start time for matches at Tsirio Stadium is mentioned in relation to the team. However, the specific start time is not provided in the given information.
Shkemb Miftari is a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers II sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
In the film "So Dear to My Heart," Luana Patten plays a character role.
Andrey Bukhlitskiy is a member of the Russia national beach soccer team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Gediminas Kirkilas is the chairperson of the Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania. He started in this role at a specific start time.
The Appalachian Children's Home is a school located in the United States.
Ricardo Grigore is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo București, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ihosy is a diocese of the Catholic Church located in Madagascar.
Arthur William Baden Powell received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
Berat Island is an island located in Albania.
Illawong is located within the Division of Hughes and plays a role within this administrative territorial entity.
Mike Mampuya, whose given name is Mike, is a member of the sports team Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.
Mitch Nichols is a member of the Australia national soccer team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
The Woodstock and Sycamore Traction Company, which officially opened in 1911, is located in the United States.
Gary Honey competed in the long jump event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Boris Dyozhkin was born in Kursk, which is a city in Russia.
Barret Wallace is a player character in a game.
Fyodor Kostenko received the Order of Lenin at a specific point in time.
Michael Green is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Molepolole Stadium is a stadium located in Botswana.
Addison Montgomery is a character present in the work "Grey's Anatomy," performed by an actor in the show.
American Boulevard station is adjacent to Bloomington Central station and is connected to it via a connecting line.
Veton Berisha is a member of the Norway national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Uttara Ganabhaban is located in the Natore District of Bangladesh.
Saad Bguir is a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Eric Johnson, a tight end, is married to Jessica Simpson. They started their relationship at a specific start time, though the exact time is not provided in the given information.
Maronesa is a cattle breed found in Portugal.
Lawrence R. Heaney works at the Field Museum of Natural History, where he started his employment at a specific start time.
Yozgat is a city in Turkey. The phrase "turkey start time" seems out of context and does not fit naturally into a description about Yozgat. If you meant to include information about start times related to Turkey, please provide additional context or clarify the intended meaning.
The Marne de Flize Formation is a geological formation located in France.
The Lakefield Chiefs are an ice hockey team that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Moshe Weinfeld received the Israel Prize at a specific point in time.
Eric Frenzel received the Holmenkollen Medal at a specific point in time.
Lillian Faderman received the Judy Grahn Award at a specific point in time.
Harry Allan received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
Osman Mendez is a member of the Dayton Dutch Lions, with his involvement starting at a specific time with the team.
Nicholas Kemmer received the Max Planck Medal at a specific point in time.
The film "Nothing Is Impossible" is a Hong Kong production and features Cherrie Ying as a cast member.
Ajrim is a human settlement located in Afghanistan.
Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall located in South Africa.
The Southern Star, a newspaper in Alabama, was established on January 1, 1867.
Tuzukley is a village located in Russia.
Wanduramulla is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Cocorote is a human settlement located in Venezuela.
London Children's Ballet, a dance troupe, was founded in 1994.
Tadakha is a film that was directed by Arthur A. Wilson and edited by Gautam Raju.
Bob Massie, a politician, received the Lionel Gelber Prize at a specific point in time.
Reitumetse Moloisane was born in Lesotho and began playing for the Lesotho national football team.
Majkel Peçi is a member of the sports team KF Tirana B, where he started his time with the team.
State v. Allen is a legal case that took place in the United States.
George Burgess is a member of the England national rugby league team, where he started his involvement with the team.
Lydia Rubio Ferrer was born in Havana, which is in Cuba.
The Montenotte Hotel is a hotel located in the Republic of Ireland.
Henry Nettleship received the Gaisford Prize at a specific point in time.
Science Central is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Just Shapes & Beats is a game that uses a game controller as its input method, and it is compatible with various platforms that support game controllers.
Louis Van Lint worked in the City of Brussels at a specific point in time.
Suusamyr is located in the Jayyl District, which has a specific start time for its administration.
The Kochuveli - Mangaluru Junction Antyodaya Express is a rail transport service operating in India.
Andreas Gielchen is a member of the sports team SV Bergisch Gladbach 09, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
William Manondo was born in Zimbabwe and began his career with the Zimbabwe national football team.
"The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians" is a book authored by Henry Miers Elliot.
The album by Jorge Ben was released by Philips Records and published in Brazil.
Rahkeem Cornwall is a member of the Leeward Islands cricket team, having started his involvement with the team at a specific time.
Henry McQuade is a human with the family name McQuade.
Daniel Tarullo was born in Boston, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Roberto Assagioli resided in Florence, where he began his residence at a certain start time.
The Rockwave Festival, which is a music festival, began in 1996.
Barton S. Alexander, who was loyal to the United States, is buried at the San Francisco National Cemetery.
Tiffany Million received the AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress at a specific point in time.
The State University of New York has its headquarters in Albany, New York, which is located in the United States.
"A Sold Life" is a film directed by Franco Delli Colli as the director of photography, and it features Rodolfo Bianchi as a cast member.
Adam and the Ants, a band formed in London, is recorded under the label Sony Music.
Frederick Rees was employed at the University of Wales, where he held a position.
Joan Tardà is a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia and joined the party at a specific start time.
KLM operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, and the start time for its operations with this aircraft is specified.
Staroye Azmeyevo is a village located in Russia.
Minnesota State Highway 110 is part of the Minnesota Trunk Highway System and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
James E. Darnell received the National Medal of Science at a specific point in time.
The Four Lions Fountain is a monument located in Serbia.
The Tupolev 73 is an aircraft manufactured by Tupolev.
Vestlandsbonden, a periodical literature, was inaugurated on January 1, 1904.
Françoise Baud is the Mayor of Valenton, serving as the head of government for the city.
Bissinger Wool Pullery is a business located in the United States.
Rashmi Parida was educated at Ravenshaw University and is a member of the Odisha cricket team.
Shin-Nagata Station is connected by the JR Kobe Line, which is operated by Japan Railways.
Melissa Scott won the Astounding Award for Best New Writer at a specific point in time.
"Fast Train" is a Russian-language film produced by Mosfilm.
Asha, Russia, is the capital of the Ashinsky District. However, the phrase "ashinskyDistrict start time" seems incomplete or unclear in the provided graph. If it refers to when the district was established, more context would be needed for a precise translation. Assuming it indicates some starting point related to the district, we can say that Asha serves as the capital of the Ashinsky District, which has a specific start time or establishment date.
Rieko Ioane is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, where he started his involvement at a specific start time.
Derek Jeter won the Best Play ESPY Award for a particular moment in time.
The card game Dominion received an Origins Award at a specific point in time.
Ken Narita is a cast member in the movie "Inuyasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler," where he voices a character role.
Dorothy Hill received the Clarke Medal at a specific point in time.
Oveta Culp Hobby was awarded recognition in the Distinguished Americans series at a specific point in time.
James Sands is a member of the New York City FC sports team, having started with the team at a specific time.
San Pedro Zacapa is a human settlement located in Honduras.
Angelo Drossos received the NBA Executive of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Erwin Teufel received the Robert Schuman Medal from the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
"The Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library" film received a Leo Award for Best Production Design in a Youth or Children's Program or Series at a specific point in time.
Leonard Francis Lindoy received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
Israel Dagg is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
David Logan, a chemist, received the Corday-Morgan Prize at a specific point in time.
West India Quay DLR station is adjacent to Poplar DLR station, and they are connected by a direct line.
Raffaele La Capria received the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
The film "The Princess Bride" was directed by the photography of Adrian Biddle and had Norman Garwood as its production designer. \n\n(Note: Typically, we say "was photographed by" instead of "was directed by the photography of." However, given the structure and the requirement to avoid repetition, the sentence is phrased this way to include all provided information concisely.) \n\nFor better fluency, it can be rephrased as:\nAdrian Biddle was the director of photography, and Norman Garwood was the production designer for the film "The Princess Bride."
Zhoumeng North Road station is adjacent to Sakura Park station, and it connects to Sakura Park station in the direction indicated.
Diego Sanchez Sanchez is the mayor of Montejaque, serving as the head of government for the town.
Mabat is a news program that originally aired on its network.
"Fire Monsters Against the Son of Hercules" is an Italian film originally produced in Italy.
Jeanne Moreau received the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
Natixis's headquarters is located in Paris, which is in France.
John Campbell is a human and a member of the Sydney Roosters sports team.
"Once Upon a Dream" is an English-language song from the movie Sleeping Beauty, performed by Sierra Boggess.
Federico Vismara is a member of the Racing Club de Avellaneda sports team. He started with the club at a specific time.
Dortmund-Rahm station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
"Weather Systems," an album by the band Anathema, is a progressive rock album sung in English.
"Fables for the Frivolous" is a book written by Guy Wetmore Carryl.
Japan National Route 115 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which applies to a part of the route.
Devon Makin is a citizen of Belize and began his career with the Belize national football team.
The 58th New York State Legislature was a legislative session held in the United States.
Elizabeth Blackburn received the ASCB Public Service Award at a specific point in time.
Richard N. Gardner is a member of the New York City Bar Association, with his membership starting at a specified time.
Paul Abasolo is a member of the sports team Zamudio SD, where he started his time with the team.
Robert Jarvik was educated at Syracuse University and is married to Marilyn vos Savant.
Remedios Varo resided in Madrid, starting at a certain point in time.
The Bevins Prize, an award, was established in 2008.
Lyle Taylor is a member of the AFC Wimbledon sports team, and he started with AFC Wimbledon at a specific start time.
Annamaria Serturini is a member of the Italy women's national football team. She joined the team at a specific start time.
Helge Nielsen received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
Tuija Hyyrynen represents Finland in sports and started with the Finland women's national football team.
Steve Marmion won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production at a specific point in time.
Jamesie O'Connor received the All Stars Hurler of the Year award at a specific point in time.
The Chennai Police Commissionerate is a building located in India.
Horatio Torromé participated in the men's figure skating singles event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Lou Lichtveld received the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize at a specific point in time.
Tony Bancroft was an animator for the 1996 film "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," where he had a significant role in its production.
Mozart is a footballer who goes by the given name Mozart and is a member of the Brazil national under-23 football team.
Shar Ink is an airline based in Russia.
The Library Services and Technology Act was signed by Bill Clinton at a specific point in time.
The film "Volevo i pantaloni" was set in the 1980s and was filmed in Sicily.
Fernando Hernandez Orts is the mayor of Salem in Valencia, serving as the head of government for the city.
Jennifer Lien played the character role of Darkling in the Star Trek: Voyager series.
Mary Ellen Avery received the E. Mead Johnson Award at a specific point in time.
Oleg Tabakov received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Václav Havel received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Adrien-Marie Legendre was employed at the Bureau des Longitudes, where he began his work at a specific start time.
Sigma Editions, a record label, was founded in 1998.
In the 1939 film "The Man in the Iron Mask," Doris Kenyon was a cast member who played a character role.
Mia Love held the position of member and was a part of the Republican Party in the United States.
Antonieto Cabajog holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Coleraine High School is a grammar school located in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Louis Pascal received the AIA Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Kilburn tube station was officially opened in 1879 and is adjacent to West Hampstead tube station.
Matt Apuzzo received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Alessandro Oliverio works in Venice, which is referenced at a specific point in time.
Glendale Academy is a school located in India.
John Elliott, the historian, received the Creu de Sant Jordi at a specific point in time.
Piskalje is a human settlement located in Serbia.
Stig Hagström is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and is employed at Stanford University.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best International Film, which is an instance of the Independent Spirit Awards, was won by Neil Jordan.
Dashkasan District was located within the administrative territorial entity of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic until the republic ended.
Tchongorove Airport is an airport located in Gabon.
Arts et Métiers ParisTech uses the French language and is a member of Aerospace Valley.
St. James High School in Ferndale, Michigan, which was a high school, was dissolved in 1971.
Doyle Vaca is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Guabirá, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
"Tamagotchi: The Movie" was distributed by Toho and produced by OLM, Inc.
Eduard von Simson is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Amir Haj Massaoud is a member of the sports team Club Africain, where he started at a specific time.
In the 1967 FA Cup Final, Bobby Tambling scored the winning goal while representing his sports team.
Sargis Adamyan is a member of the Armenia national under-21 football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Eli Manning was a member of the New York Giants, with his career starting when he joined the team.
Vachagan Khalatyan is an academic who holds an academic degree.
Victor Cohen Hadria received the Prix des libraires award at a specific point in time.
In the episode "Lineage" of Star Trek: Voyager, Tim Russ appears as a cast member, playing his character role.
Kioma, Queensland is located within the Electoral district of Southern Downs and plays a role in this electoral district.
Macello is located within the Metropolitan City of Turin, which began at a specific start time.
In the film "Darkest Hour," Hilton McRae plays a character role.
Philip Abelson received the Kalinga Prize at a specific point in time.
El Coronil Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic power station located in Spain.
Jonathan Lunine received the James B. Macelwane Medal at a specific point in time.
Kaloyan Krastev is a member of the Bulgaria national under-17 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
The Polytechnic University of Catalonia has a subsidiary called ETSEIB. However, the second triple seems to contain an error or incomplete information regarding the "start time" of ETSEIB, which cannot be accurately reflected without further context. Assuming the intent was to provide additional details about ETSEIB, the primary fact is that ETSEIB is a subsidiary of the Polytechnic University of Catalonia.
Philip Gourevitch received the George Polk Awards at a specific point in time.
Selby High School was founded on January 1, 1908, and is located in Selby.
Copley Fielding was a citizen of the Kingdom of Great Britain, which ended at a specific time.
Yung Warriors is a rock and pop band originating from Australia.
Ben Patterson, associated with the Fluxus art movement, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Peter Seeberg received the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at a specific point in time.
The Bransfield Basin is located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
G. Evelyn Hutchinson received the Eminent Ecologist Award at a specific point in time.
Nina Usatova received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Madanwala is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Sigmund Skard received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award at a specific point in time.
Serhiy Prykhodko is a member of the sports team FC Mariupol, and he started with the team at a specified start time.
Nikolai Kamanin received the Order of the Red Star at a specific point in time.
Eduardo Herrera, a footballer born in 1988, is a member of the Mexico national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a certain point in time.
California State Route 63 terminates in Tulare, California, and runs in a specific direction through Tulare.
Ian Leggat was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team, marking the beginning of his tenure with the team.
Daniel Nestor was born in Belgrade, which is in a country. However, the predicate "belgrade [P] country" seems to be incorrectly structured. Assuming it means to indicate that Belgrade is in a country, the description can be:\n\nDaniel Nestor was born in Belgrade, a city in a country.
Jane Lubchenco received the Public Welfare Medal for her contributions to public welfare at a specific point in time.
Arizona Dream was filmed in Arizona and received a Category IV rating from the Italian censorship board (nMHH).
Bickford's Australia is a business with its headquarters located in Salisbury, South Australia.
Dayane da Rocha is a member of the A.S.D. AGSM Verona Calcio Femminile sports team. She started with the team at a specific time.
Tampere United plays in the Veikkausliiga, which marks the end of their current league season.
Jiske Griffioen participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, where she competed in the sport of wheelchair tennis. Note: Given the context and common knowledge about Paralympic events, "sport" is typically specified for clarity, and based on the pattern, it is inferred that the sport is wheelchair tennis, which Jiske Griffioen is known for. If more specific information about the exact sport is needed, it should be provided in the original graph.
Choysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
WebMethods Flow is an object-oriented programming language.
Dumbo's Circus, created by A.A. Milne, was originally broadcast on Playhouse Disney.
The 1971 Speedway World Pairs Championship is an instance of the Speedway World Pairs Championship that took place in 1971.
The Maritime Industry Authority is a government agency that was established on June 1, 1974.
In the 2018 film "Charlie Says," Merritt Wever plays a character role.
Stephen Wolff received the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award at a specific point in time.
Gokulganga rural municipality was established on December 1, 2014, and it is an instance of a rural municipality.\n\n(Note: There seems to be a minor inconsistency since rural municipalities are typically associated with countries like Canada, but the context here appears to be referring to a location outside of Canada. If "Rural municipality" is intended to refer to a type commonly found in Nepal or another country, please clarify.) \n\nIf we assume it should refer to a typical rural municipality structure, possibly in a country other than Canada, the sentence would still hold true. However, if you meant to specify Canada, please provide additional context.
Robert Guillaume received a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children at a specific point in time.
Hans Blix received the Olof Palme Prize, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
Katsuei Hirasawa was educated at the University of Tokyo and completed his studies there.
The 2008 Carmarthenshire County Council election, which was a local election, took place in 2008.
American Outlaws was filmed in Florida and was edited by Michael Tronick.
"Lost Without Your Love" is a song produced by David Gates and follows the song "Aubrey."
NXIVM Corp. v. Ross Institute is a legal case that took place in the United States.
The list of Hot Country Songs number ones for 2009 is a part of the broader list of Billboard number-one country hits, specifically representing the hits from a particular point in time during that year.
Sam Bradford received the Heisman Trophy at a specific point in time.
The Starozhilovsky District is located within the Ryazan Oblast administrative territorial entity.
"The Light of Asia" was written in British English and was published in London.
The Tiputini Biodiversity Station is a research station located in Ecuador.
The Dos Indios River, also known as the Canoas River, is a river located in Brazil.
Port Susan is a bay located in the United States.
The film "Animal Kingdom" was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Costume Design at a specific point in time.
The Five Pagoda Temple is an architectural structure, and its main category is listed under Five Pagoda Temple.
Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt Ltd is a software company that is part of Microsoft.
"Winter Journal" is a work published in the English language by Henry Holt and Company.
Jan Hudec participated in the 2018 Winter Olympics representing his country in the sport.
CITIC Resources, headquartered in Hong Kong, began trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
John Gohorry received the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry at a specific point in time.
James Kasting received the Oparin Medal at a specific point in time.
The Rural Life Centre in Tilford is a museum located in the United Kingdom.
The Toronto Neil McNeil Maroons is an ice hockey team that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Naja Marie Aidt received the Danish Critics Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Sean Ingle is a human.
Mike Cruise is the current officeholder of the President of the Royal Astronomical Society. He began his term as president at a specific start time.
Petya Pendareva was born in Kazanlak, which is a place in a country. However, the specific country is not named in the given information.
Kalvilan is a town located in Sri Lanka.
Richard Kelton is a human who received the Theatre World Award.
Mark Steketee is a member of the Brisbane Heat sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Emil Cioran resided in Paris, where he started living at a certain point in time.
Stein Winge received the Oslo City Culture Award at a specific point in time.
Mert Yücel, who formed in Istanbul, is a house music artist.
Yukka is a rock and pop band from the Netherlands.
Nina Sosnina received the Order of Lenin at a specific point in time.
Judy Baca received the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
The Tasmanian Government Railways M class (1912) was operated by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company.
Ming-Ai (London) Institute was founded in 1992 and is an educational institution, specifically a school.
Sebastian Eriksson is a member of the Sweden national football team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Frances E. Allen received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award at a specific point in time.
Joan Brugge is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, with membership starting at a specific time.
The Richmond River Express Examiner is an Australian newspaper.
Nicolás Tagliafico is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Urmananayevo is a village located in Russia.
Studzienice, located in the Masovian Voivodeship, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid for the specified period.
Edward Woodward was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at a specific point in time.
"New York Girls" is an English-language song.
Atlas Libertas is a sculpture located in Guatemala.
Christopher Masterman was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire.
Eduardo Chillida won the Wolf Prize in Arts at a specific point in time.
Green Island, which is part of the Berthelot Islands, is located in Antarctica and is situated in or next to the Grandidier Channel.
John Joseph Scanlan held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Paul Ratnasamy received the Om Prakash Bhasin Award at a specific point in time.
I Made Pasek Wijaya is a midfielder who plays for the sports team PS Badung.
"The Block" is a term used in basketball in the United States.
Zhovkva Raion is located within the administrative territorial entity of Lviv Oblast.
Sebastián Fernández is a member of the sports team Club Nacional de Football, where he started his time with the club.
Bari Sud Est railway station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, where this time zone is valid during the summer period.
Maarten Schmidt received the Petrie Prize and delivered the Petrie Prize Lecture at a specific point in time.
Amiran Revishvili received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Miles O. Noll was educated at Franklin & Marshall College at a certain point in time.
Rahat Ali is a member of the Quetta Gladiators sports team. He started with the Quetta Gladiators at a specific start time.
Colleretto Castelnuovo is located within the Metropolitan City of Turin, which began at a specific start time.
The Kingsbridge Estuary is a bay located in the United Kingdom.
J. William Schopf received the Charles Doolittle Walcott Medal at a specific point in time.
The ARY Film Award for Best Supporting Actor was introduced as part of the ARY Film Awards in 2014.
Lindenholzhausen station is located in the Central European Summer Time timezone, where this time zone is valid during the summer period.
The Continental KB-1 is an aircraft subclass from the United States.
Ronald M. Evans received the Wolf Prize in Medicine at a specific point in time.
Enrico Porro participated in the men's Greco-Roman lightweight wrestling event at the 1908 Summer Olympics and received an award for his participation.
"The Cord of Life" is a film directed by Billy Bitzer and features Dorothy West as an actress in the cast.
Ueno-okachimachi Station interchanges with Naka-Okachimachi Station and connects to it via a connecting line.
Ned Block received the Jean Nicod Prize at a specific point in time.
Mukhor-Cherga is located in the Omsk Time zone, which has a specific end time.
Waarish is an Indian production, and Churni Ganguly is a cast member of it.
Susan Brantley is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, with her membership starting at a specific time.
The Drik Picture Library is an organization with its headquarters located in Dhaka.
John Alexander, an Australian politician, received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
Bolivia is a member of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), with its membership starting at a specific time.
The Crigler Mound Group is located in Missouri, which is part of the United States.
Seamus Moynihan received the All Stars Footballer of the Year award at a specific point in time.
In the film "Thor," Maximiliano Hernández plays a character role.
"Special Occasion," a song by the group Miracles, is produced by Smokey Robinson and follows the song "Yester Love."
Waitrose & Partners is a company in the food industry and owns Safeway (Channel Islands).
Marguerite Perey received the Lavoisier Medal at a specific point in time.
Progress M-62 experienced a significant event with its atmospheric entry at a specific point in time.
Andrew Nunn is named Andrew and practices Anglicanism.
Jan Gossaert worked in Mechelen during a specific point in time.
Ian S.E. Carmichael received the Murchison Medal at a specific point in time.
Otto Loewi received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
FC Martigues is coached by Jean-Luc Vannuchi and plays its home games at the Stade Francis Turcan.
Athelstone, South Australia is located within the Division of Sturt, which has a role in its administrative territorial entity.
Doug Gjertsen participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics, where he received an award.
Giorgi Arabidze is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar Donetsk, and he started with the team at a certain time.
Ngaiming Mok received the Stefan Bergman Prize at a specific point in time.
Pengkalan Kundor is an electoral district located in Malaysia.
Agnes Macdonell contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography and had a role as a subject contributor in it.
Castlehill Fort is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Dunbartonshire.
The Daewoo Gentra is a car model manufactured by Daewoo.
Hans W. Liepmann was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation at a specific point in time.
Al Kharjah is a wadi located in Tunisia.
Grenddy Perozo is a member of the sports team Atlético Clube de Portugal. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Arroyo Colorado is a river located in the United States.
G.N. Ramachandran received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a specific point in time.
Cal Peterson is a human who is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs sports team.
Sophie Ingle is a member of the Liverpool F.C. Women sports team. She started with the team at a specific start time.
Jules A. Hoffmann received the Canada Gairdner International Award at a specific point in time.
Yuza Station was officially opened in 1919 and is adjacent to Fukura Station.
Mori Trust's headquarters is located in Minato, Tokyo, which is in Japan.
Leah Vukmir is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, where she holds a position.
Elizabeth Inness-Brown, whose given name is Elizabeth, was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts.
Ernst Friedrich Zwirner is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
The Peanut Butter Conspiracy is a band that was formed in Los Angeles and is signed to Columbia Records.
Yevhen Pavlov is a member of the sports team Vasas SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Avishay Cohen is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team. The specific starting time of his involvement with the team is noted.
Arnold Graffi received the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at a specific point in time.
The Soundararajaperumal temple in Nagapattinam is a Hindu temple located in India.
In the film "Thunderball," Desmond Llewelyn played a character role.
Grete Stern worked in Great Britain at a specific point in time.
Salem Saeed is a member of the Yemen national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
Francis Sheppard is a historian whose occupation involves working in the field of history.
Michael Mayo received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Daniel Gottlob Türk is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Old Town Manor is a hotel located in the United States.
Podstepnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific standard time.
Seimsgrend Station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Jonathan Schmude is a member of the sports team Hannover 96. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Georgi Stefanov is a member of the sports team FC Vereya and started with the team at a specified start time.
Ygdrassil is a rock and pop band originating from the Netherlands.
Julian Palmieri is a member of the sports team FC Metz, and he started with the team at a specific time referred to as "start time."
Jaureguiberry is a spa town located in Uruguay.
Colonia Nápoles is a colonia in Mexico.
The Federated States of Micronesia is a member of the International Development Association and joined the organization at a specific start time.
The 2008 film "Bolt" was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Film at a specific point in time.
The Biotechnology Innovation Organization is an advocacy group based in the United States.
The Bahrain--Merida Pro Cycling Team represents Bahrain and started its operations in the country.
Marlon Medina is a member of the sports team Deportivo Ocotal, where he started his time with the team.
John Cooney is a human and a rugby player who is a member of the Connacht Rugby team.
Sequoia Capital's headquarters is located in Menlo Park, California, United States.
Loch Lomond is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Dunbartonshire.
Helena Brodin received the Litteris et Artibus award at a specific point in time.
Lower Kabete is a human settlement located in Kenya.
ETA SA is owned by The Swatch Group, with the ownership starting at a specific point in time.
Julian Parkhill was awarded the title of Fellow of the Royal Society at a specific point in time.
Valdgeym is a village located in Russia.
Kyle Chandler was a cast member of the TV series "Friday Night Lights," where he played a character role.
Muhammad Rifky is a member of the PSIM Yogyakarta sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Roman Aftanazy received the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at a specific point in time.
Premios Juventud, an award show, began in 2004.
Tonight Live with Steve Vizard aired from January 29, 1990, to November 26, 1993.
Kindung Station is located in the time zone for North Korea, where the current time is valid during a specific period.
"Breed of Battle" is a short story written by Robert E. Howard.
Egor Krimets was born in Tashkent, which is in the country of Uzbekistan (though "tashkent country" is not explicitly stated, Tashkent is commonly known to be the capital of Uzbekistan).
Shadow Fighter is a video game published by Gremlin Interactive and available on the Amiga CD32 platform.
Andronikos Doukas Palaiologos held the position of Governor. He was the governor of a specific region, although the exact area is not specified in the given information.
James Darcy Freeman holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Francis Swaine worked in Scheveningen at a specific point in time.
The Golden Gate Australian Football League is a sports league based in Australia.
Barletta Scalo railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Li Xuepeng, a citizen of China, joined the China national football team.
Thomas Vaubourzeix is a member of the sports team Natura4Ever--Roubaix--Lille Métropole. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Ganj Basoda railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to the valid period of Indian Standard Time.
Windsor Noncent is a member of the Don Bosco FC sports team, and he started with the team at a certain start time.
Helen McCrory is a cast member in the TV series Peaky Blinders, playing a character role in the show.
Martin Pearson is a human and a member of the Wakefield Trinity sports team.
Charles Thomas Newton was a member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences and was married to Ann Mary Newton.
Gudrun Schyman is a human who speaks, writes, and signs the Swedish language.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh is an Indian citizen who started his career with the India national football team.
Pod's and Jerry's is a jazz club located in the United States.
Lazarus Fletcher received the Wollaston Medal at a specific point in time.
State Road 36 is a road located in Serbia.
Deborah Keenan won the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Chaparritas El Naranjo was founded in 1947 and its country of origin is Mexico.
Ghabaghib is a village located in Syria.
Justine Cassell received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award at a specific point in time.
"Voltaire in Love" is a book written by Nancy Mitford.
The Salsoul Orchestra, which includes Ron Kersey as a member, is recorded under the label Salsoul Records.
Alternatives for Community and Environment is an organization based in the United States.
Novye Burasy is located in the Samara Time zone, where the standard time starts.
Paavo Haavikko received the Eino Leino Prize at a specific point in time.
In the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Equinox," Scarlett Pomers plays a character role.
The Farm Credit Dairy Center is a sports venue located in the United States.
Charlie Casely-Hayford, whose father is Joe Casely-Hayford, was educated at the Courtauld Institute of Art.
The Marsden Point Oil Refinery is an oil refinery located in New Zealand.
Vadi is a music term that is part of Hindustani classical music.
The Sewanee Tigers football team plays in the United States and their home venue is McGee Field.
Johan Wiland is a member of the sports team Malmö FF, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Potez 50 is a French aircraft model.
Ruby Payne-Scott was employed by CSIRO, and her time at CSIRO came to an end.
Gudaibiya is a geographical feature located in Bahrain.
Alex Muralha is a member of the sports team Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, and he started with the club at a specific time.
Melinda Page Hamilton was born in New York City, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
In the film "The Piano Teacher," Annie Girardot plays a character role.
Adelino Trindade is a member of the Timor-Leste national under-23 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
The Shah Alam Royal Mausoleum is a mausoleum located in Malaysia.
Martin Haar is a human and a member of the sports team HFC Haarlem.
Newcastle Star is a periodical literature published in Australia.
Jean-Luc Coatalem received the Prix Amerigo Vespucci at a specific point in time.
A1 Team Portugal is an auto racing team representing Portugal.
Lawrence Kasdan received the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement at a specific point in time.
Fred Goodwin, the footballer, was born in Congleton and started his career with Congleton Town F.C.
Renato Silva is a member of the sports team Brasiliense Futebol Clube, where he started at a specific time.
Nancy Kopell received the Mathematical Neuroscience Prize at a specific point in time.
Roger Allam is a cast member in "Winter Is Coming," where he plays a character role.
Vladimir Kolpakchi was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union at a specific point in time.
William Shawn received the George Polk Awards at a specific point in time.
Cerik (Lukavac) is a human settlement located in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Pieve Ligure is located within the Metropolitan City of Genoa. The relationship of Pieve Ligure being part of the Metropolitan City of Genoa started at a certain time.
Kalaganwatta is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Pascal Millien, a citizen of Haiti, began his career with the Haiti national football team.
The Super Bowl television ratings is a Wikimedia list article that focuses on the United States.
In the 1996 film "101 Dalmatians," Joan Plowright played a character role.
Angela Merkel was named Time's Person of the Year at a specific point in time.
Andriy Hitchenko is a member of the sports team FC Karpaty Lviv. He started with the team at a specified start time.
Abram Arkhipov was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, where he completed his studies.
Liridon Latifi is a member of the Albania national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Virginia Ruano Pascual was born in Madrid, which is in Spain.
Jerry Uelsmann received the Lucie Awards at a specific point in time.
Daniel Schwenter is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Gullmarsplan metro station is located in Johanneshov and is named after Gullmarsplan.
David Otunga is married to Jennifer Hudson. They started their relationship at a point referred to as "start time."
Hail the Sun is recorded under Equal Vision Records, which they have been with since they started their relationship with the label.
Benjamin Kololli is a member of the sports team FC Biel-Bienne, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Hamilton C. Jones was educated at Cardozo Education Campus, which is his location. \n\nNote: The term "cardozoEducationCampus" in the predicate seems redundant since it is implied by "educatedAt Cardozo Education Campus." If the intention was to specify a different aspect or detail about the location, please clarify for a more precise conversion.
Kuyanly is located in the Samara Time zone, which starts at a specific standard time.
The Davidson Institute for Talent Development is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Sean Paul won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act at a specific point in time.
In "Spider-Man 3," James Franco is a cast member who plays a character role.
Cottenham Park is an area of London in the United Kingdom.
The band The Network was formed in the United States and includes Billie Joe Armstrong as a member.
Lantarnam Hall is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Intergovernmental Authority on Development is an intergovernmental organization that was established on January 1, 1986.
It appears there might be a slight confusion in the provided triples, particularly with the location details. Assuming the intent is to describe the headquarters location and its country, here’s a corrected and coherent description:\n\nMadan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology is headquartered in Gorakhpur, which is in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Bernard Derrida received the Ampère Prize at a specific point in time.
The Suheli River is a river located in Nepal.
The Copyright Act of 1790 was signed by George Washington at a specific point in time.
The European Review of Agricultural Economics is a periodical published by Oxford University Press.
Yuki Ichikawa is a member of the sports team Geylang International FC and has been with the team since its start time.
Tatarsky Saskul is a hamlet located in Russia.
Boris Kuftin was born in Samara, which is a city in Russia.
"Ooh Ahh" is a song performed by TobyMac and originates from the United States.
Benjamin Raich is married to Marlies Schild.
Bohola is a human settlement located in the Republic of Ireland.
Ottmar Elliger worked in Copenhagen at a specific point in time.
Wattle Bank is located in the Bass Coast Shire, which is an administrative territorial entity in Victoria.
St. Wendel station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Jean-Gérard Fleury received the Albert Londres Prize at a specific point in time.
The 1983 British Speedway Championship was a final competition that took place in 1983.
Punta Manara is a promontory located in Italy.
The Herb River is a river located in the United States.
Raja SC Mullick Road is located in West Bengal, which is a state in India.
Raihan Hasan is a member of the Bangladesh national under-23 football team. He started with the team at a specific time.
Mohamed Liban was born in Djibouti and began his career with the Djibouti national football team.
Hoepstockbukta is a geographical feature located in Norway.
Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a hotel chain based in Mexico.
Georges Heuyer was a student of Joseph Jules Dejerine and spoke, wrote, and signed in the French language.
Tomsk State University is headquartered in Tomsk, which is a city in Russia.
The Dallam County Courthouse is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, designated as such since its designation began.
Tony Maxworthy received the Otto Laporte Award at a specific point in time.
Moe Hurwitz is a human with the given name Moe.
Glorianna Davenport is a human with the family name Davenport.
The Association of German Architects has its headquarters in Hanover, where it began its operations.
The National Gallery of Slovenia, located in Ljubljana, houses a collection that includes works by Ladislao de Gauss.
Nikolai Alho participated in the 2014 Veikkausliiga as a member of a sports team.
Fauconberg House is located in London, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Sengdao Inthilath is a member of the Laos national football team. The specific start time of his membership with the team is noted.
Naisten Ykkönen is a women's association football competition organized by the Football Association of Finland.
Arnold Ward, who was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, speaks, writes, and signs the English language.
Alamikamaba Natural Reserve is a protected area located in Nicaragua.
The Space Launch Liability Indemnification Extension Act is a bill in the United States.
The Ice Sports Forum is a sports venue located in the United States.
Fourie du Preez is a member of the South Africa national rugby union team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Youth Communication is a 501(c)(3) organization based in the United States.
The Welsh Championship, which is an instance of a championship, was inaugurated in 2012.
Leonardo Ghiraldini is a member of the Italy national rugby union team, and he started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Robert Aumann received the EMET Prize for Art, Science, and Culture at a specific point in time.
Novonadyrovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
St. Neots railway station is adjacent to Huntingdon railway station, and they are connected by a direct line.
The USS Muir was manufactured by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company and is named after Kenneth Hart Muir.
Juan José Navarro Guerra is a member of the Córdoba CF B team, which he joined at a specified start time.
Vasile Rus is a member of the Romania national rugby union team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Hennepin County, Minnesota, has its capital in Minneapolis and shares a border with Wright County, Minnesota.
Adrián Kocsis is a member of the sports team Zalaegerszegi TE. He started with the team at a specific start time.
The Cheapside Street whisky bond fire was a structure fire that occurred in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Marc Mousson received the Order of the Red Eagle at a specific point in time.
The New River Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
Sunshine Coast Football, which began in 1968, is an association football organization.
Dieter Schröfl is the mayor of Rattenberg, Germany, serving as the head of government for this Bavarian town.
The Going to Hell Tour is a concert tour headlined by the band The Pretty Reckless.
Chandrashekhar Khare received the Fermat Prize at a specific point in time.
The album "First Base" features cover art by the artist Roger Dean and belongs to the progressive rock genre.
Javier Hernández participated in the 2012-13 Football League Cup as a member of his sports team.
Ansar-e Hezbollah was founded in Iran in 1990.
Edwin Hubble received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
In the 1971 film "The Twelve Chairs," Archil Gomiashvili was a cast member who played a character role.
Kannur International Airport offers scheduled services to King Khalid International Airport, which is operated by another entity.
Lotfi A. Zadeh received the IEEE Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
Core Banks is located in North Carolina, which is part of the United States.
José Huizar received the Ohtli Award at a specific point in time.
Vanessa Hinz participated in the Biathlon World Championships in 2019 and received an award there.
The C&O Lexington Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
The House of Chiefs in Fiji is an instance of nobility within the country of Fiji.
Rudolf Deng Majak holds the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Henry Alexander Miers received the Wollaston Medal at a specific point in time.
Sengunthar Higher Secondary School was established in 1944 and is an instance of a school.
Karen L. Wooley received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
The Yamada Line, operated by Kintetsu, connects with the Kisei Main Line.
Bryn Hall Colliery is a coal mine located in the United Kingdom.
Charles John Gabriel received the Australian Natural History Medallion at a specific point in time.
BibleServer.com is a website operated by ERF Medien.
Natchathira Jannal is a television show originating from India.
Raymond Collishaw held the military rank of Air vice-marshal and was loyal to the United Kingdom.
John Sulston was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at a specific point in time.
"Pet Shop of Horrors" is a Japanese anime television series.
Colegio Weber School is a school located in Chile.
Wes Matthews, a player from the United States, is a member of the San Antonio Spurs sports team.
In the 1966 DFB-Pokal Final, Franz Beckenbauer scored a goal while playing as a member of his sports team.
Dickinson College is headquartered in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, which is located in the United States.
The 1904 Carmarthenshire County Council election was a local election that took place in 1904.
Matsue Vogel Park Station is adjacent to Aikamachi Station, with Aikamachi Station being in the direction indicated towards it.
The Jakanachari Award is an award given in India.
Mitsukoshimae Station is named after Mitsukoshi and serves as an interchange station for Shin-Nihombashi Station.
Rajin Dhimal is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team, which he joined at a specific start time.
W15CG is a television station that began operations in 2005.
Harold Shapero received the Rome Prize at a specific point in time.
Brejoeira Palace is a National Monument of Portugal and features a neoclassical architectural style.
Lynne Barasch received the Asian/Pacific American Award for Literature at a specific point in time.
Nicolae Vasile is a member of the Romania national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Krasnokamsky District is located within the administrative territorial entity of Bashkortostan. The start time of its existence in Bashkortostan is also mentioned. However, for clarity and fluency, we can rephrase it:\n\nKrasnokamsky District is an administrative district located in Bashkortostan, with its establishment in the region being noted.
Rauenberg, Kraichgau is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Sean Maitland is a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, having started his role with the team at a specific start time.
Nolan Roux participated in the 2018-19 Ligue 1 as a member of a sports team.
The Songun Red Flag-class locomotive, manufactured by Kim Chong-t'ae Electric Locomotive Works, is operated by the Korean State Railway.
Webb Miller received the ISCB Senior Scientist Award at a specific point in time.
Michel Vergoz was a pharmacist by occupation.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is located in the Time in Taiwan timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
David A. Hamburg received the Sarnat Prize at a specific point in time.
"Hand Me Down My Walking Cane" is a song performed by Jerry Lee Lewis.
Creature House Expression is a freeware vector graphics editor.
Strathaven Academy is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire, where it plays a significant role within the region.
Enrique Pérez is a member of the Mexico national football team and started his time with the team at a specific start time.
The Space Brothers are a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
Harry Blaney was a citizen of the Irish Free State, which came to an end at a certain time.
Sultan Al Kuwari is a member of the Qatar national under-20 football team, where he started his involvement at a specific start time.
Musab Al-Battat is a member of the Palestine national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Abdullah Al-Owaishir is a member of the sports team Al-Fateh SC, where he started his tenure at a specified start time.
Sok Pheng is a footballer who is a member of the Nagaworld FC team, and he started with Nagaworld FC at a specific time.
John Thornett received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
Marshall Allen, a journalist, received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Ubank Limited's headquarters is located in Johannesburg, which is a city in South Africa.
"RoboCop: Alpha Commando" is an English-language work based on the RoboCop character.
Jonathan Quick was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings and received the Conn Smythe Trophy.
Pierre Phelipon is the coach of Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and was also a member of Grenoble Foot 38.
Tin Win Aung is a member of the Myanmar national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Marcus Dillistone, whose given name is Marcus, was educated at The Skinners' School.
In the film "The Bourne Legacy," David Strathairn plays a character role.
Solomon Duah is a member of the sports team FC Inter Turku, where he started playing for the team at a certain start time.
Jim Eyre, an architect, received the Bodley Medal at a specific point in time.
In the film "Gandhi," Candice Bergen plays a character role.
The Glenshesk River is a river located in the United Kingdom.
The Wadi Wishka Dam is an embankment dam located in Libya.
"Nodojiman The World" is a television show distributed by Nippon TV.
The Emperor Fountain is a sculpture located in the United Kingdom.
"Set This Circus Down" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album at a specific point in time.
The Indore-Amritsar Express is a passenger train operated by Indian Railways.
OCC Transport is a bus company that was founded in 1971.
Eliot Richards is a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Fara is part of the administrative territorial entity in Orkney, where Orkney plays a significant role.
In the production "Two Cathedrals," Allison Janney plays a character role.
Dave Rimington won the Lombardi Award at a specific point in time.
Ashley Laurence starred in the movie "Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth," playing a character role in the film.
Barbara Klar received the Gerald Lampert Award at a specific point in time.
Rayna Stewart is a human and a member of the Tennessee Titans sports team.
The 2017 Louis Vuitton Challenger's Trophy was an instance of a sports season that took place in 2017.
Robert Snodgrass participated in the 2004-05 Scottish Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Javier Gomá was born in Bilbao, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Stefano Cagna, whose first name is Stefano, held the military rank of Brigadier General.
Macronympha is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Pether's Moon, born on April 15, 2010, is the son of the horse Dylan Thomas.
"The Dharma of Star Wars" is a science fiction book written in the English language.
Tinnura is located in the Province of Oristano and is part of its administrative territorial entity. The province's relevance to Tinnura started at a certain point in time. However, the specific "start time" mentioned seems to be incomplete or unclear in the provided triples. Assuming the intent was to convey Tinnura's inclusion within the province, the primary fact is that Tinnura is situated in the Province of Oristano.
The Love Deluxe World Tour is a concert tour performed by the band Sade.
Tom Long, whose given name is Tom, is the CEO and was educated at Harvard University.
Shrilal Shukla received the Jnanpith Award at a specific point in time.
Ganjam district was part of the Bengal Presidency until the end of the Bengal Presidency period.
Mendooran is located in the Division of Parkes, where it plays a role within the administrative territorial entity.
John Warner was educated at Washington and Lee University, where he completed his studies.
Serejeqa is a human settlement located in Eritrea.
Raif Muradov is a human and a member of the sports team POFC Botev Vratsa.
Jonny Evans participated in the 2013-14 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
The Istituto Italo-Brasiliano Biculturale Fondazione Torino is a school located in Brazil.
Tommy Lee Jones received the Donostia Award at a specific point in time.
Simon Russell Beale won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at a specific point in time.
Exes and Ohs is a show in the English language that features Megan Cavanagh as a cast member.
Hiroyuki Isagawa is a human with the family name Isagawa.
Leiden is a city in the Netherlands. The phrase "Netherlands start time" seems out of context; if it refers to the founding or establishment of Leiden, it needs clarification. Assuming it indicates historical context, Leiden has been part of the Netherlands for a long time, but without specific details, I cannot provide an exact start time. If you have additional information or context, please provide it. Otherwise, the primary fact is that Leiden is located in the Netherlands.
Williams Rule is a legal case in the United States.
HitmanPro is a software designed for the Windows XP operating system.
The Mount stadium is a venue for association football located in the United Kingdom.
The Louisville and Interurban Railroad is a railway line located in the United States.
Thomas Helveg is a human and a member of the sports team Odense Boldklub.
Blazhe Ilijoski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Lockyer Waters, Queensland is located within the Division of Wright, which has a role associated with it.
Yevgeny Leonov received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary is a bird reserve located in India.
The Isle of Lewis is part of the Outer Hebrides, which is an administrative territorial entity.
Charles Ollivon is a member of the France national rugby union team.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to be incomplete or incorrectly formatted as it does not provide a clear object for "start time". If more information is available, please provide it so that the sentence can be accurately completed.) \n\nAssuming "start time" refers to when he started with the team:\nCharles Ollivon is a member of the France national rugby union team, having started his tenure with the team at a specific time.
Sateliti is a rock and pop band that was formed in 1989.
Berlin Sundgauer Straße station is adjacent to Berlin-Lichterfelde West station and is connected to it via a connecting line.
The Norman Album is bound in Morocco leather, which is known for its distinctive color.
M-343, a Michigan highway, terminates in Kalamazoo, Michigan, where it heads in a specified direction.
Fabricio Lenci is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Douglas Haig, where he started his association with the club.
"The Magdalene Sisters" received the Golden Lion award at a specific point in time.
The Very Famous Paul Ross Show is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom.
The Denham baronets is a baronetcy in Canada.
Fred Longstaffe received the W.W. Hutchison Medal at a specific point in time.
Robert R. McCrae received the Bruno Klopfer Award at a specific point in time.
Elizeu Ferreira Marciano is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Jeanne Rorex-Bridges was a student of W. Richard West Sr. and is also related to Willard Stone.
Wendel Alex dos Santos is a human and a member of the Democrata Futebol Clube sports team.
Farish Jenkins received the Romer-Simpson Medal at a specific point in time.
Bundesautobahn 66 terminates at Eichenzell, and its direction at Eichenzell is indicated.
Sylvie Judas is the mayor of Gimel, Switzerland, serving as the head of government for the city.
John Elliott, the artist, is married to Maud Howe Elliott. The relationship between John Elliott and Maud Howe Elliott began at a certain start time.
Rico McCoy is a human and a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers sports team.
Mallawapitiya Divisional Secretariat is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
U.S. Route 141 terminates at U.S. Route 41 in Michigan, connecting in a specific direction.
Thomas Guerbert is a member of the sports team FC Sochaux-Montbéliard. He started with the team at a specific time, though the exact date is not provided.
Kawann Short is a member of the Carolina Panthers, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The novel "Transcension" is written in English and published by Tor Books.
The Elkhart Truth is a publication based in Elkhart, Indiana, United States.
Orlando Peralta, a human, participated in the 1955 Pan American Games.
Delhi Kishanganj railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) timezone and operates within the valid period for Indian Standard Time.
"The Hard Way" by Thirsty Merc follows the song "20 Good Reasons" and is followed by the song "Those Eyes."
Thomas Edward Thorpe received the Royal Medal at a specific point in time.
Jack Hannah received the Winsor McCay Award at a specific point in time.
Patrice Chéreau received the Europe Theatre Prize at a specific point in time.
Artem Dzyuba is a member of the Russia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel is part of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products. The management of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products began with the hotel.
José Manuel Blecua Teijeiro received the Creu de Sant Jordi, which is an award given at a specific point in time.
Orsha District is located within the Vitebsk Region. The start time of its existence within the Vitebsk Region is noted.
Majagual is a human settlement located in the Dominican Republic.
Wiaan Mulder is a member of the Highveld Lions sports team. He started with the Highveld Lions at a specific start time.
Tina Turner won the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist at a specific point in time.
Alec Hearne, whose first name is Alec, received the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award.
Pavel Yushkov, whose given name is Pavel, is a member of the sports team FC Mika.
Ventsislav Velinov is a member of the sports team FC Dorostol Silistra, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Yan Xiangchuang is a member of the China national football team. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Daniel Holdsworth is a member of the Salford Red Devils rugby league team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Malcolm Burrows received the Frink Medal, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
The Burlington Rail Bridge was officially opened in 1867 and is maintained by the BNSF Railway.
Clive Minton received the John Hobbs Medal at a specific point in time.
Kazarma is a human settlement located in Kazakhstan.
John Parrish is a human who played for the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team.
Belgium signed the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
Basil Valentine is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Nicole Kidman received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Scott Brown, a footballer born in June 1985, participated in the 2006-07 Scottish Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Wilhelm Pfeffer was employed at Leipzig University, where he began his work at some starting time.\n\nTo make it more fluent and natural:\nWilhelm Pfeffer worked at Leipzig University, starting at a certain time.
The AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling championship.
The Caribbean Conference of Churches was established as an organization in 1973.
Severn Valley Country Park is a park located in the United Kingdom.
Angelo Beolco was born in Pernumia, and the information about his connection to Pernumia relates to sourcing circumstances. However, the term "pernumia [O] sourcing circumstances" seems unclear. Assuming it means the context or source of information about his connection to Pernumia, a more refined statement would be:\n\nAngelo Beolco was born in Pernumia, and the details about his connection to this place are based on certain sourcing circumstances.
"When the Devil Holds the Candle" was published by J.W. Cappelens Forlag, which is based in the place of publication indicated by J.W. Cappelens Forlag. \n\nNote: There seems to be a redundancy in the predicate "j.W.CappelensForlag [O] place of publication". Assuming the intention was to indicate the place of publication through the publisher, the sentence is constructed accordingly. If more specific information about the place of publication is needed, please provide additional context.
Grant Fox is a fly-half and a member of the Auckland Rugby Union team.
Gray's General Store is a general store located in the United States.
The America's Credit Union Museum had its construction as a significant event marked by a specific point in time.
Old Scatness is located in the administrative territorial entity of Shetland, where it plays a significant role.
"Summer's Last Will and Testament" is a play authored by Thomas Nashe.
Streatorland is located in the state of Illinois within the United States.
Cesinha, the footballer born in 1989, is a member of Daegu FC. He started with the team at a certain point in time.
Gustavo Cuéllar is a member of the Colombia national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Carlos Vereza received the Ordem do Mérito Cultural, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
Kronach station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Tom Johnson is a member of the England national rugby union team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Aleksandr Borisov, an actor, was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Kramnik, Poland is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a specific period.
Ames State Forest is a forest located in the United States.
Eva Sakálová is a human with the given name Eva.
In the 1959 film "The Buddenbrooks," Helga Feddersen played a character role.
Tivoli Village is located in Nevada, which is part of the United States.
Tazawako Station is connected to the Tazawako Line, which is operated by a specific railway operator.
Metropole Cafe is a jazz club located in the United States.
Bun B won the MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video at a specific point in time.
Carl Frode Tiller won the European Union Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Daniel Rodríguez Vázquez is a member of the Racing de Santander sports team. He started with the team at a specific start time.
The Ronur Sri Lakshmi Venkataramana Swamy Temple is located in Karnataka, which is an administrative territorial entity in India.
Shakeem Clarke is a member of the Barbados national cricket team and has been since the start of his involvement with the team.
The Summit League includes the North Dakota Fighting Hawks, and the start time for their events is specified within the league's structure.
Adacao is a human settlement located in the United States.
Ryan Davies is a teacher whose career as a teacher has come to an end.
Charles Doolittle Walcott received the Bigsby Medal at a specific point in time.
In Ethan Phillips' episode of "Star Trek: Voyager" titled "Innocence," he plays a character role.
Ju Manu Rai is a member of the Nepal national football team and has been since the start of his involvement with the team.
Rose Porter is a human described in the source "A Woman of the Century."
Lucas Hnath received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Marie-Hélène Malaurie is the mayor of Padirac, serving as the head of government for the area.
Makeout is a rock and pop band originating from the United States.
The 175th New York State Legislature is a legislative session that took place in the United States.
Gwaka Airport is an airport located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Alamsyah Nasution is a member of the sports team PSMS Medan, where he started his tenure.
Joseph Proudman was awarded the Hughes Medal at a specific point in time.
"Guardando il sole" is a song that was published in January 1968.
Marco Bueno is a member of the Mexico national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
The Bryce Jordan Center was designed by Rosser International and is home to the Penn State Lady Lions basketball team.
Art Spiegelman received the Grand Prix de la Ville d'Angoulême at a specific point in time.
The University of Trnava is headquartered in Trnava, which is a city in Slovakia (implied by the context that Trnava is a country, though typically Trnava is a city in Slovakia, so it might be more accurate to say "Slovakia" instead of "country" based on common knowledge).
Tim Janssen is a member of the OKC Energy FC sports team. He started with OKC Energy FC at a specific start time.
In the 2017 Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, Paul Nuttall was a candidate who was a member of a political party.
TeamSite's headquarters is located in San Jose, California, which is in the United States.
Tatyana Karpova received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
Lionel Brown is a member of the Miami FC soccer team, where he started his role with the team.
Ann Pettifor received the Hannah Arendt Prize at a specific point in time.
Scropton railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Waterfoot is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Renfrewshire.
Nen Sothearoth is a member of the Cambodia national under-23 football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
The Grand Manan Museum is a local museum located in Canada.
The First Aceh Expedition was a punitive expedition that took place in the Aceh Sultanate.
Navigli is a main topic categorized under the Category:Navigli di Milano and is located in Italy.
Hummelsta is located in Enköping Municipality. The relationship or context involving Hummelsta starting at a certain time within Enköping Municipality is noted, though the specific start time is not provided.
The H700 Shenzhen Tower is located in Shenzhen, China.
The Laboring People's Party was established in 1947 and was dissolved in 1949.
According to the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, George Crabbe is described as an author.
The Woking Borough Council elections, which take place in the United Kingdom, are categorized under the main topic of Woking Borough Council elections.
The Mike Ridley Trophy is awarded for excellence in ice hockey in Canada.
Andrés Cubas is a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Eugeni Valderrama is a member of the sports team CF Badalona, and he started with the team at a specific time.
"Mark of the Lash" is a film or TV show that originated in the United States and was produced in the English language.
IC3PEAK is a music group formed in Moscow, and they are signed to The Orchard company as their record label.
Zhang Changning is a member of the China women's national volleyball team. She joined the team at a specific start time.
Sally Ride Science is operated by the University of California, San Diego. The operation started at a specific time by the university.
The Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania was a dynasty whose main category is listed under the Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania.
Dortmund-Dorstfeld station was officially opened on September 24, 1983, and is operated by DB Station&Service.
SuperWaba is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Rachela Hutner received the Florence Nightingale Medal at a specific point in time.
Herman Leonard received the Lucie Awards at a specific point in time.
Frank Stillinger won the Irving Langmuir Award at a specific point in time.
Humboldt Gymnasium was established as a school in 1979.
Marie Louise Kold is a human with the family name Kold.
Lewis Mumford received the Emerson-Thoreau Medal at a specific point in time.
Manolo Sanchez is a member of the San Antonio FC sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Nienburg (Weser) station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Danny Aiello received a Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Margaret Morgan Lawrence was educated at Cornell University, where she completed her studies.
Dafna Dekel participated in Kdam Eurovision at a specific point in time.
Alex Marick is a television character who appears in the show "All My Children."
WPXQ-TV is a television station that began operations in 1992.
Vladimir Shatalov received the Order of Karl Marx at a specific point in time.
"I Believe My Heart," performed by Keedie Babb, is followed by "Sooner or Later" in Duncan James's song list.
Terahara Station was officially opened in 1913 and is adjacent to Shin-Toride Station.
Barry W. Higman received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
La Passerelle is a newspaper that was established in 1985.
Trey Parker won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics at a specific point in time.
Sam Hain is a member of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club, where he started his association with the team.
Jan Ove Tryggestad is the mayor of Stranda, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Ellsworth County, Kansas has its capital in Ellsworth, Kansas, and it shares a border with McPherson County, Kansas.
Jordan Georgievski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team, and he started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Nikolai Chelnokov was educated at the A.F. Mozhaysky Military-Space Academy.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems incomplete or incorrectly formatted. If "end time" is meant to indicate when his education ended, it would be more appropriate to rephrase it clearly. Assuming this is the case, the provided information does not specify the exact end time, so it cannot be included in the sentence without additional context.)
Isaac Toucey held the position of Governor of Connecticut and spoke, wrote, or signed in the English language.
The Nordic Watercolour Museum, which officially opened on Tjörn in 2001, is located on this terrain feature.
Chuchura railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) timezone and operates according to IST during its valid period.
Adam Heller was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation at a specific point in time.
Tebogo Sembowa was born in Botswana and began his career with the Botswana national football team.
Liaquat Ali Khan was educated at the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College, where he completed his studies.
Wolfgang Demtröder was awarded the Max Born Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Marco Pappa is a member of the Guatemala national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Ahmed Krenshi is a member of the sports team Hajer FC, where he started at an unspecified time.
The American Ringtail is a cat breed that originated in the United States.
Prince Hotels is a member of the Seibu Group and is operated under its parent organization, Seibu Holdings.
The Bank of Australasia, which was based in New Zealand, was later replaced by the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Gavin Glinton started playing for the Turks and Caicos Islands national football team, representing the country in sports.
René Paugam is the head of government in Plouider, holding the office of Mayor of Plouider.
Doug Hicks is a human and was a member of the Minnesota North Stars sports team.
Shigeru Miyamoto was awarded the BAFTA Fellowship at a specific point in time.
German submarine U-3506 was operated by the Kriegsmarine, marking its entry into service with the naval force.
Robert Scharfe was educated at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Samir Kherbouche is a member of the sports team Amal Bou Saâda, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Frankfurt Messe station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Walter Thomas James Morgan received the Croonian Lecture award for a presentation given at a specific point in time.
Varghese Mathai received the Australian Mathematical Society Medal at a specific point in time.
SK Slavia Prague plays in the Czech First League, which started at a specific time.
Edmond de Goncourt is buried in the Montmartre Cemetery, and he had a sibling named Jules de Goncourt.
Aleksei Petrenko received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
The Canon de 120 mm modèle 1878 is a French artillery piece that was manufactured by Charles Ragon de Bange.
Donald D. Brown received the E.B. Wilson Medal at a specific point in time.
The Quirinal Palace was designed by architect Ottaviano Nonni, who applied his design to a specific part of the palace.
Esteban Granero is a member of the RCD Espanyol sports team.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to contain a typo or incomplete information. Assuming "rCDEspanyol" is meant to convey when he started with RCD Espanyol, additional context would be needed for clarity. If you have more specific information about the start time, please provide it.) \n\nIf we assume there was intended to be more context regarding the start time, a corrected version might look like:\n\nEsteban Granero is a member of the RCD Espanyol sports team and he started with the team at a certain time, though the exact date is not specified here.
Raj Chetty received the John Bates Clark Medal at a specific point in time.
Joash Leader is a member of the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Javier Vet is a member of Almere City FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Cesare Pavese received the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
The Boon Lay Bus Interchange, operated by SBS Transit, officially closed on December 26, 2009.
Mehmet Al is a member of the sports team Menemenspor, where he started at the beginning time specified for his team involvement. However, the second triple seems incomplete or unclear regarding the "start time." Assuming it indicates when he joined, we can say:\n\nMehmet Al is a member of Menemenspor, having joined the team at a specified start time.
Marcos Reche Galera is the mayor of Oria, Spain, serving as the head of government for the city.
Renato de Villa is a general officer who was educated at the Asian Institute of Management.
Jin Seong-uk is a member of the sports team Incheon United FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Alex Morgan is a member of the United States women's national soccer team, and she started with the team at a specific time.
Mary Ephrem Glenn was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Nathan Lewis is a member of the Lansing Ignite FC, where he started playing for the team.
Herwig Kogelnik was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
Ján Zachara competed in the featherweight class for Czechoslovakia.
Dr. Watson was educated at the University of London, where he completed his studies.
Per Helge Johansen is the mayor of Leka, Norway, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Albin Ekdal is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Tom Duquesnoy is a human with the given name Tom.
Kaisyuan metro station is located in the Time in Taiwan timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Carter Rycroft participated in curling at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award there.
The Western New York Flash received the National Women's Soccer League Championship and participated in the 2015 National Women's Soccer League regular season.
3T Cycling is a private limited company operating in the leisure industry.
Vyacheslav Shevchenko is a member of the sports team FC Qizilqum Zarafshon. He joined the team at a specific start time.
"Les Patineurs" is a waltz composed by Émile Waldteufel.
In the episode "Someone to Watch Over Me" of Star Trek: Voyager, Robert Duncan McNeill is a cast member who plays a character role.
Samantha Riley participated in the women's 100 metre breaststroke at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
The Lands of Ashgrove is located in the administrative territorial entity of North Ayrshire, where it plays a significant role within the region.
Los Tigres del Norte received the Lo Nuestro Excellence Award at a specific point in time.
Friedrich Bopp was a doctoral student of Rudolf Haag at a certain point in time.
Tsutsujigaoka Station in Tokyo is adjacent to Sengawa Station, and it is located on the line towards Sengawa Station.
Charlotte von Kalb is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about her.
Santa Fe 5 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Miguel Jaime Angos is the mayor of Longares, serving as the head of government for the town.
Dimitrios Papanikolaou is a member of the sports team Panionios B.C. and participated in EuroBasket 1999.
Robert Paquette was educated at Laurentian University and participated in the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1977.
Oliver Naesen won the general classification in the 2016 Bretagne Classic Ouest -- France race.
Jeff Nesmith received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Jean-Jacques Pierre is a member of the Paris FC sports team, and he started with the team at a certain time.
The Riga Football Cup is an association football tournament held in Latvia.
The Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre was designed by the architect Oskar Kaufmann at a specific point in time.
Andrei Zharkov is a business or sport partner of Svetlana Serkeli, and they started their partnership at a specific start time.
Tresa Pollock is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. She joined the academy at a specific start time.
The Love over Gold Tour is a concert tour performed by the band Dire Straits.
Milt Trost, whose given name is Milt, was educated at Marquette University.
Gelson Martins was a member of the Sporting CP B team, which marked the beginning of his time with Sporting CP B.
Hertha Sponer is known for her notable work on the Birge-Sponer method and was married to James Franck.
Bicky Chakraborty received the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman award at a specific point in time.
"Discovery at Dawn" was produced by Fandango, with Gherardo Gossi serving as the director of photography.
Kale Water is located in the Scottish Borders, where it plays a specific role within that administrative territorial entity.
Maria Dudycz was recognized on the Victorian Honour Roll of Women at a specific point in time.
Alaa Abdul-Hussein is a member of the sports team Erbil SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Albert Rafetraniaina is a member of the sports team OGC Nice, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the film "Coco Before Chanel," Emmanuelle Devos plays the lead character role of Coco Chanel.
Erik Thommesen received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
"Sri Rama Rajyam" was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Director in the Telugu category.
Rocus Lamare is a member of the India national football team and started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Harold Urey received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
LifeSigns: Surgical Unit is a single-player video game developed by Spike Company.
Gennadi Styopushkin, whose given name is Gennady, is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro.
Jonjo Shelvey is a member of the England national football team, having started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
Ju Hyo-sim is a member of the North Korea women's national football team. She started her membership with the team at a specific start time.
Dmitry Ilovaysky was employed at Moscow State University until his end time at the institution.
In the 1974 film "The Four Musketeers," Oliver Reed was a cast member who played a character role.
Matheus Caldeira Vidotto is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, with his involvement starting at a specific time.
Ludvig Hoff is the sibling of Magnus Hoff and their father is Geir Hoff.
James Worthy was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers and competes in men's basketball.
Eddie Arcaro received the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award at a specific point in time.
U.S. Route 189 terminates in Provo, Utah, and it heads in a specific direction from there.
In "Return of the Jedi," James Earl Jones provided the voice for Darth Vader and other characters.
Enric Prat de la Riba was a member of the Regionalist League of Catalonia and was involved with the party from its start.
The Lorenzkirche station on the Nuremberg U-Bahn was officially opened on January 28, 1978, and it is adjacent to the Hauptbahnhof metro station in Nuremberg.
Frank Stillinger received the Elliott Cresson Medal at a specific point in time.
Ernest Foot served in the Royal Air Force and his given name is Ernest.
The Hanawa Line connects with the Akita Shinkansen, which is part of the broader shinkansen network in the region.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Moulins, which is located adjacent to it.
In the movie "Thor: Ragnarok," Cate Blanchett is a cast member who plays a character role.
Chay Hews is a member of the Rochedale Rovers FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
HMS Monarch (1911) had a significant event, which was its ceremonial ship launching.
Helen Kilpatrick was educated at King's College, Cambridge, and she works in the Cayman Islands.
DeForest Kelley was a cast member in "Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home," playing a character role in the film.
Charles L. Grant was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story at a specific point in time.
Suresh Dutta received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Janów in Grójec County is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid for a specific period.
Erick Davis is a member of the Panama national football team and started with the team at a specified start time.
James Chester participated in the 2017-18 EFL Championship as a member of his sports team.
Elaine Fuchs is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, with her membership starting at a specified time.
Philipp Wiesinger is a member of the sports team FC Liefering, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Antonio de Fonseca held the position of Diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom that was published on January 1, 2008.
Michael Stuart Brown received the Richard Lounsbery Award at a specific point in time.
Gerrit Jan van Heuven Goedhart won the Nansen Refugee Award at a specific point in time.
Steven Cowley received the Richard Glazebrook Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Jonny Evans participated in the 2013-14 Football League Cup as a member of his sports team.
Emilie Haavi is a member of the Norway women's national football team. She started with the team at a specific time.
Josef Kittler received the IET Faraday Medal at a specific point in time.
Juda Hirsch Quastel received the Canada Gairdner International Award at a specific point in time.
Lawrence Sklar received the Lakatos Award at a specific point in time.
George Augustus Borthwick was educated at the University of Edinburgh and is buried at Dean Cemetery.
In Civilization VI, Hedwig of Silesia is one of the characters represented in the game.
Tamil is one of the official languages in Singapore, and its recognition as such began at a specific start time.
Alki Larnaca FC participated in the 1984-85 Cypriot First Division, with their home venue being used during the competition.
Gladys Berejiklian was educated at the University of New South Wales, where she obtained an academic degree.
Francisco Antunes Santana held the position of diocesan bishop for a diocese.
The USS St. Mary's (1844) is a ship that was operated by the United States Navy.
Joe Rullier is a human who is a member of the sports team Jokerit.
In the movie "That Darn Cat!," Ben Lessy is a cast member who plays a character role.
Antonio Rubio Blasco serves as the mayor of Carrascal de Barregas, holding the position of head of government for the municipality.
Hussam bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is a member of the House of Saud and holds the title of Royal Highness.
Swap.com is a privately held company that operates as a redistribution market.
Fumihiko Maki received the Praemium Imperiale, which was awarded at a specific point in time.
In the episode "The Emissary" of Star Trek: The Next Generation, Michael Dorn appeared as a cast member, playing his character role.
Afrodisio Martin Calderon is the mayor of Villasbuenas, serving as the head of government for the town.
"Se las Voy a Dar a Otro" is a piece of music from the genre of Music of Latin America, and it is followed by "Homenaje a Las Grandes."
Hideyuki Nozawa is a member of the sports team FC Tokyo, where he started at a specific time.
Morris Cohen, a scientist, received the William Procter Prize for Scientific Achievement at a specific point in time.
W.V.D. Hodge was awarded the Copley Medal at a specific point in time.
Samir Raja is a member of the sports team Al-Wehdat SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Donald D. Brown received the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize at a specific point in time.
Anja Feldmann received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize at a specific point in time.
The 1951 film "The Dubarry" was directed by the photography of Willy Winterstein and edited by Alice Ludwig. \n\n(Note: The phrase "directed by the photography" is not standard; typically, we would say "Willy Winterstein was the director of photography for..." However, to maintain the structure given by the triples, the sentence is phrased this way. For clarity and fluency, it might be better to rephrase it as follows):\n\nWilly Winterstein was the director of photography, and Alice Ludwig was the film editor for the 1951 film "The Dubarry."
Jamie Coombes is a member of the Gibraltar national football team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Ashoknagar Road railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) time zone and operates within the valid period for Indian Standard Time.
Dundonald is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Ayrshire, where it plays a significant role within the region.
The Goulden Cup is a water polo competition held in Canada.
Mathias Rosenblad received the Royal Order of the Seraphim at a specific point in time.
Ioseb Chakhvashvili is a member of the sports team FC Mika, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Robert S. Langer received the European Inventor Award at a specific point in time.
The 1612er Zwickelbier is a beer brand manufactured by Hofbräuhaus Traunstein.
Malcolm A.S. Moore received the William B. Coley Award at a specific point in time.
"The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli" is an English language book published by Hachette Books.
Philip E. Tetlock received the Grawemeyer Award at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Klontsak is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Keith Yandle started his career in the National Hockey League.
Rodnei is a member of the TSV 1860 Munich sports team. He started with the team at a specific time.
Tim Coco works for Scripps League Newspapers, where he started his employment.
Ray Lankester was awarded the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
George A. Ricaurte works at Johns Hopkins University. He started his employment there at a specified start time.
Barbro Lindgren received the Selma Lagerlöf Prize at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Etush was educated at the Boris Shchukin Theatre Institute, where he completed his studies.
Geir Gulliksen, a writer, received the Aschehoug Prize at a specific point in time.
Doris Day was inducted into the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
John R. Rickford won the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Marcus Olsson participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship as a member of a sports team.
Leslie Lievesley, whose first name is Leslie, is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
"The Basic Eight" is a work published in American English by Thomas Dunne Books.
Yuanlin railway station is connected by the TRA Western Line (Southern Section) and is adjacent to Yongjing railway station.
Sergey Samodin is a member of the sports team FC Mordovia Saransk, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Jan Ove Pedersen is a human who was a member of the Norway under-16 national football team.
Yelena Bonner received the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
In the film "Ender's Game," Ben Kingsley plays a character role.
Bob Schieffer was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend designation.
Martina Hingis won the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award at a specific point in time.
Pablo de Barros Paulino is a human and a member of the sports team Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
Nanjala Nyabola received a Rhodes Scholarship at a specific point in time.
Gérard Depardieu received the Stanislavsky Award at a specific point in time.
Sarah Adwoa Safo was educated at the University of Ghana, where she obtained an academic degree.
The ARM architecture was developed by Acorn Computers at a specific point in time.
The HTC Desire 826 is a smartphone model manufactured by HTC.
Xavi Molina is a member of the Gimnàstic de Tarragona sports team. He joined the team at a specific start time.
The Alphonso Football Academy is based in India and focuses on association football.
In the 2015 film "Macbeth," Marion Cotillard plays a character role.
Leonardo Carson is a human and a member of the Auburn Tigers sports team.
Szewce, located in Sandomierz County, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid for a specific period.
Adolf Butenandt, a human, received the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Bernard Verdcourt received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
Thomas M. Ryan Jr. was educated at the University of Nebraska Omaha and received the Air Medal.
North Ostrobothnia is a province with its capital in Oulu, and it has a defined end time associated with its status as a province.
Brad Fitzpatrick received the O'Reilly Open Source Award at a specific point in time.
Andy Murray won the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year at a specific point in time.
Raimonds Pauls received the Order of the Polar Star at a specific point in time.
In the film "Selma," Tom Wilkinson plays a character role.
Midtstuen station is located in the Central European Summer Time timezone, where this time zone is valid during the specified period.
Anil K. Jain, a computer scientist born in 1948, received the W. Wallace McDowell Award at a specific point in time.
RNLB Mona (ON 775) is a ship manufactured by J. Samuel White.
Steve Spurrier was a member of the San Francisco 49ers, where he played a specific position or had a particular specialty on the team.
Kate Storey received the Waddington Medal at a specific point in time.
Tomas Espedal received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Patrick van Rensburg received the Right Livelihood Award at a specific point in time.
Mark Mercuri received the Crichton Medal at a specific point in time.
Juan Manuel Ramos is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Backer Aloenouvo is a citizen of Togo and started playing for the Togolese national football team.
Szeréna Stern is a human and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary.
Dalhousie Castle is located in Cockpen, which has a role associated with it.
Rolamellah Nouar is a member of the sports team Gap FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Cuan Na Grai is a horse born in February 2001.
Yorick Wilks received the BCS Lovelace Medal at a specific point in time.
Mikael Lustig participated in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership as a member of a sports team.
Thom Haye was born in Amsterdam, which is a city in the Netherlands.
Theodore Schwan was a general officer who is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski received the Order of the Golden Fleece at a specific point in time.
"Ray of Light" received a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package at a specific point in time.
Shane Duffy participated in the 2010-11 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
The Dubuque Rail Bridge was officially opened on December 1, 1868, and is maintained by the Canadian National Railway.
Edward Witten received the Albert Einstein Medal at a specific point in time.
Dinesh Palipana, whose first name is Dinesh, was educated at the Queensland University of Technology.
Urs Widmer received the Swiss Book Prize at a specific point in time.
Bitzi is a website created by Gordon Mohr.
Bellpuig railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Andrew Mittendorf is a member of the Long Island Rough Riders sports team.
Yuki Station in Tokushima is connected by the Mugi Line and is adjacent to Tainohama Station.
David Blackwood received the Order of Ontario, which is awarded at a specific point in time.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury came into force at a specific point in time, marking a significant event in its implementation.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at a specific point in time.
In "The Vengeance Factor," Michael Dorn is a cast member who plays a character role.
The Tasmanian Government Railways E class was manufactured by the Hunslet Engine Company at a specific point in time.
Patrick Wey was drafted by the Washington Capitals and was educated at Boston College.
The Orkney Library and Archive is located in the administrative territorial entity of Orkney, where it serves its role within the community.
Claud William Wright won the Prestwich Medal at a specific point in time.
Lee-Roy Walters is a human and a member of the Boland cricket team.
The 2010 film "Mallika" is an Indian movie that features Himanshu Malik as a cast member.
Soyuz T-5 was notable for its docking and berthing of spacecraft at a specific location.
In the episode "A Taste of Armageddon" of Star Trek, Nichelle Nichols plays a character role.
The portrait of Catherine Balebina is painted on canvas using canvas as the material.
Mark Helprin won the Helmerich Award at a specific point in time.
Arpat Avanesyan was educated at Yerevan State University, where he completed his studies.
Jodi Kantor received the Gerald Loeb Award at a specific point in time.
Tim Cahill participated in the 2006-07 FA Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Tino Villanueva received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
J. Anthony Lukas received the National Book Award for Nonfiction at a specific point in time.
Jordan Hugill participated in the 2015-16 Football League Cup as a member of his sports team.
Richard Sharpe Shaver was born in Berwick, Pennsylvania, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Santiago Alba y Bonifaz speaks, writes, or signs in the Spanish language and has a child named Jaime Alba Delibes.
Hamilton College is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire, where it plays a significant role within the region.
The Umbrian language, as described by the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia, is distinct from Umbrian dialects.
In the film "Speed Racer," Emile Hirsch plays the character role of Speed Racer.
Vagiz Galiulin is a member of the sports team FC Tosno, where he started at the specified start time.
Highway 407 station is adjacent to Pioneer Village station, and it is located towards Pioneer Village station.
Francis Birch, a geophysicist, received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
Utah State Route 147 connects with Utah State Route 156, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Diego Carrillo is a member of the sports team CD Castellón. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Robert Noyce received the IEEE Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
Daniel Kleppner won the Lilienfeld Prize at a specific point in time.
Pskov is the capital of Pskov Oblast. The start time of Pskov Oblast refers to when the administrative region was established.
Ousseynou Thioune was born in Senegal and began his career with the Senegal national football team.
Arturo Vidal is a member of the Chile national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Josep Ivars Crespo is the mayor of Senija, serving as the head of government for the city.
Greenford station is adjacent to Perivale tube station, and they are connected by a line.
In the film "La pagella," Luigi Ciccarese served as the director of photography, and Marisa Laurito was a cast member.
Brett White is a member of the Melbourne Storm sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Bennäs railway station is located in the Eastern European Time zone, where this time zone is valid.
The Arroyo Seco Parkway is located in Pasadena, California, and it runs in a specific direction through the city.
The 1982 film "Jaanwar" was directed by photography by Jal Mistry and originates from India.
Daiba Station in Tokyo is adjacent to the Tokyo International Cruise Terminal Station, with services heading towards the cruise terminal station from Daiba Station.
Lloyd Sam is a member of the Ghana national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Zoya Voskresenskaya received the Lenin Komsomol Prize at a specific point in time.
Danny Huston was born in Rome, which is in Italy.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to have a slight issue with redundancy and clarity. Assuming "rome [O] country" was intended to convey that Rome is in a country, it has been interpreted as Rome being in Italy for context.)
Mitchell Weiser is a member of the Germany national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
Fernando Belluschi is an Argentine citizen who began his career with the Argentina national football team.
Don Ohlmeyer won the Sports Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
COSCO International Holdings is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and began trading there at a specific start time.
"Merchant Adventurers" is a song composed by Edward Elgar.
Peter-Erich Cremer received the U-boat Front Clasp at a specific point in time.
Yann Sommer participated in UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of the Swiss sports team.
Violette Cornelius is represented by the Netherlands Photo Museum, where she holds a significant role.
Fresno FC plays in the USL Championship league and their home venue is Chukchansi Park.
Paul Foster-Bell is a member of the 51st New Zealand Parliament, where he represents his constituency.
Mona Van Duyn received the National Book Award for Poetry at a specific point in time.
Sydney Chapman, a mathematician, received the William Bowie Medal at a specific point in time.
Oribe Station is adjacent to Kochibora Station, with Kochibora Station located in the direction specified as "towards" from Oribe Station.
Nandu M. Natekar received the Arjuna Award, which is recognized at a specific point in time.
Philipsburg is the capital city of Sint Maarten.
Mark Bradford, a human, is a member of the Dallas Cowboys sports team.
Delaware Route 100 is part of the Delaware State Route System and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Moe Franklin, who was a human, is buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery.
Sigourney Weaver is a cast member in the film "Alien 3," where she plays a character role.
Ahmed Ali Kamel is a member of the Egypt national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
DynCorp is a subsidiary of Cerberus Capital Management, which acquired the company at a specific start time.
Miguel Suárez is a citizen of Bolivia and began his career with the Bolivia national football team.
Axel Villanueva is a member of the Nicaragua national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Nikolay Koshelev was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, where he completed his studies.
The Parish of Wallaroo is located in Murray County, New South Wales, where it serves its administrative role within that territorial entity.
Scott Frost was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at a specific point in time.
The EMD RS1325 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel at a specific point in time.
Barbara Walters began her work period in 1953 and was married to Merv Adelson.
Marco Ilaimaharitra is a member of the sports team FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems to be incomplete or incorrectly formatted. If "fCSochauxMontbéliard" was intended to provide additional information about when Marco Ilaimaharitra started with the team, it would need more context. Assuming it's meant to indicate a starting time, the correct format might include specifying what the start time refers to. Since the exact detail is unclear, the provided response includes only the clear information given.)
Alexandre Jardin received the Prix Femina at a specific point in time.
Yamazaki Station in Aichi is adjacent to Morikami Station, with Morikami Station located in the direction indicated by its name towards Yamazaki Station. However, the second triple seems redundant or incorrectly structured. A more natural interpretation would simply be that Yamazaki Station is adjacent to Morikami Station.
Kensaku Morita is the head of government for Chiba Prefecture, having started in this role at a specified time.
Hideki Ishige is a member of the Shimizu S-Pulse sports team. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Mark Jefferson, the geographer, received the Cullum Geographical Medal at a specific point in time.
In the 2001--02 Cypriot First Division, Doxa Katokopias FC was relegated and played their home games at their home venue.
Charlie Callas performed the role of Count Dracula.
Abdullaziz Al-Dawsari is a member of the Saudi Arabia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Michael Wright is a male basketball player who competes in men's basketball and is a member of the CB Granada sports team.
Shawn Heins is a human and a member of the San Jose Sharks sports team.
The tapestry "Adoration of the Magi" is part of a private collection and is owned by a private collector.
Lady's Linn is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
John Forbes Nash Jr. was born in Bluefield, West Virginia, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Virginia.
Govi-Altai Province uses Southern Mongolian as its primary language and contains the administrative territorial entity known as Biger, Govi-Altai.
Labinot Harbuzi is a member of the sports team Melaka United, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Viktor Serebryanikov was born in Zaporizhia, which is a city in Ukraine.
Lev Sverdlin received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Muirkirk is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Ayrshire.
Sifan Hassan participated in the 2017 IAAF Diamond League, where she competed in a sports discipline.
Henry Higgs was the subject of a statement in The Times, which described him as such.
Luke Nevill, whose given name is Luke, is a member of the Utah Flash sports team.
Shemel Louison was born in Grenada and started his career with the Grenada national football team.
Clarisse Le Bihan is a member of the France women's national football team. She started her membership with the team at a specified start time.
The film "Hoodlum" was filmed in New York City and features Tim Roth as a cast member.
Bogucin in Ciechanów County is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Stefan Pichler works for Lufthansa, and his start time at Lufthansa is not specified but mentioned as a fact related to his employment there.
Tony Dorsett won the Heisman Trophy at a specific point in time.
F. Peter Guengerich received the William C. Rose Award at a specific point in time.
Jun-ichi Nishizawa received the IEEE Edison Medal at a specific point in time.
Veysel Aksu is a member of the sports team Bayrampaşa SK, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Golden Wings in Snowfield is a steel roller coaster manufactured by Vekoma.
Utah State Route 149 terminates at Jensen, Utah, and its direction points towards Jensen, Utah.
Edwin La Dell has the given name Edwin and is related to Charles Mozley.
Turów in Lubin County is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a specific period.
Dino Risi was born in Milan, which is a city in Italy.
"The Stand" is an English-language book that received an award for being one of NPR's Top 100 Science Fiction and Fantasy Books.
Natalya Saifutdinova is a member of the Astana Women's Team. She joined the team at a specific start time.
In the episode "Cost of Living" from *Star Trek: The Next Generation*, Marina Sirtis is a cast member and portrays a character role.
The Airborne Early Warning Group is part of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force and is based in Japan.
Ernest Clarke contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography and had a role as a subject in it.
Fadd, Hungary is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid for a specific period.
Luuk de Jong participated in the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League as a member of his sports team.
In the game "Jak 3," David Herman voices a character role.
In the movie "Fast & Furious 6," Paul Walker played a character role as part of the cast.
De Warenne Academy is sponsored and operated by the Delta Academies Trust.
Younes Al Shibani is a member of the Ismaily SC sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
"The Pretender: Rebirth" is a speculative fiction novel written in the English language.
Willem van Bemmel worked in Augsburg at a specific point in time.
"An Unreasonable Man" is a documentary from the United States that features Pat Buchanan as one of its cast members.
In the movie "Avengers: Infinity War," Kerry Condon provided the voice for a character role.
Kisaburo Yokota was awarded the title of Person of Cultural Merit at a specific point in time.
Eva von Bahr, a physicist, works at Uppsala University and started her employment there at a specified time.
Robert Crippen received the Hubbard Medal at a specific point in time.
Gianni Romme received the Oscar Mathisen Award at a specific point in time.
Tim Nicholls was educated at the Queensland University of Technology, where he obtained an academic degree.
Ricardo Fernández González is the mayor of Trabadelo, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Leonid Hurwicz received the National Medal of Science at a specific point in time.
Matheus Leite Nascimento is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Clara Montalba, whose father is Anthony R. Montalba, works in the Netherlands.
The Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom that was published on January 1, 2006.
Geoff Pullar was awarded Wisden Cricketers of the Year at a specific point in time.
The Indian locomotive class WU was manufactured by Vulcan Foundry at a specific point in time.
Federico Fellini was awarded the BAFTA Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Brian Vernel is a cast member in the TV series "The Last Kingdom," where he plays a character role.
Wang Manli is a speed skater who competed in the women's 500 metres event at the 2006 Winter Olympics and received an award.
Iserbrook station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Kristoffer Pallesen is a member of the sports team Viborg FF, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Bruno Gabriel Soares is a member of the sports team FC Kairat, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
Roger Rojas is a member of the Honduras national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Dana Scott received the Harold Pender Award at a specific point in time.
Michael J. Bloomfield was a crew member on the STS-97 mission and had a specific role during the mission.
"La Grande Vadrouille" was distributed by StudioCanal, which marks the beginning of StudioCanal's involvement with the film.
Rosemary Laing is represented by Galerie Lelong, which handles her role as an artist.
Donald Kirk received the George Polk Awards at a specific point in time.
Marco Larsen is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland, where he started his time with the team.
In "The Mark of Gideon," William Shatner appears as a cast member, playing a character role.
Dwayn Holter is a citizen of Luxembourg and began his career with the Luxembourg national football team.
The Mont Cenis Pass Railway, named after the Mont Cenis massif, officially opened on June 15, 1868.
Schweizer Fernsehen was nominated for and received the German Film Award for Best Feature Film.
Sourouklis Troullon is a member of the Cyprus Football Association and participated in the 2004-05 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Jean Le Veneur held the position of diocesan bishop for a diocese.
René Unglaube, whose first name is René, is a member of the sports team Hertha BSC.
Mohamed Ben Othman is a member of the sports team Angers SCO, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
The corn snake was originally referred to as Coluber guttatus, which is also a taxonomic synonym for it.
J.T. Noone is a member of the Baltimore Blast, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Solonovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific standard time.
"The Essential Gloria Estefan" is a greatest hits album published in the United States.
Joni Taylor works at Louisiana State University, where she holds a position.
"The Man from Chinnamasta" is an English-language work published by Katha Books.
Craignish Castle is located in the administrative territorial entity of Argyll and Bute.
Severnlea, Queensland is located within the Electoral district of Southern Downs and plays a role within this electoral district.
Michelle Bolsonaro became the First Lady of Brazil when she assumed the role at the start of her tenure.
The Iida Line connects with the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
Shane MacEachern is a human and a member of the St. Louis Blues sports team.
Ty Burrell is a cast member of the show "Modern Family," where he plays a character role.
Tom Lutz won the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
John J. McMahon held the position of Diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Nicola Agnozzi holds the position of titular bishop, which is associated with a titular diocese.
"Maléfices" is a book authored by Guillaume Rohmer and published by Jeux Descartes.
Sheryl Crow won the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist at a specific point in time.
Karen Muradyan is a member of the sports team FC Alashkert. The start time of her membership with FC Alashkert is mentioned.\n\nNote: The predicate "fCAlashkert" seems to be intended to refer to the start time of Karen Muradyan's membership with FC Alashkert, but it is not standardly formatted. For clarity, I've assumed it refers to providing information about when her membership began.
Sam Hendriks is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, and he started with the team at a specific time.
"Quiet Cool" is a film from the United States, with Jacques Haitkin serving as the director of photography.
"Momma's Boys" is a show presented by Cesare Cadeo and created by Ryan Seacrest.
Zachary Quinto is a cast member of the American TV series "Heroes," where he plays a character role.
"No Pasa Nada" is a song authored by José Luis Roma and produced by Hanna Nicole.
Kurokawa Station in Kanagawa is adjacent to Kurihira Station, which is located in the direction indicated by "towards" from Kurokawa Station.
Damián Malrechauffe is a member of the Quilmes Atlético Club sports team. He started with the team at a certain start time.
Leslie Uggams is a cast member in Deadpool 2, playing a character role in the film.
Laura Fygi was born in Amsterdam, which is a city in the Netherlands.
Yunomoto Station is adjacent to Ichiki Station, with Ichiki Station located towards a specific direction from Yunomoto Station. However, the exact direction (such as north, south, etc.) is not specified in the given information.
Rajab Mwinyi is a member of the Burundi national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 1969, Romuald Figuier represented his country as a participant.
In the movie "Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire," J. Adam Brown plays a character role as part of the cast.
Anass Achahbar represents Morocco in sports and is a member of the Feyenoord sports team.
Matsuzuka Station was officially opened on March 21, 1925, and it is adjacent to Masuga Station.
Parton is located within the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway, where it plays a significant role in the region.
"The Price of Life," a 1987 science fiction film, was originally produced in the English language.
Martha L. Ludwig was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, where she obtained an academic degree.
Wakkanai Airport offers scheduled services to New Chitose Airport, which is operated by Japan Airlines. Note: The second triple seems to imply a relationship between Wakkanai Airport and New Chitose Airport's operator, but it is not explicitly clear. If "operator" refers to the entity operating flights between the two airports, it would typically be specified as an airline rather than directly linked to the airport itself. Assuming the intended meaning, here is a refined interpretation:\n\nWakkanai Airport provides scheduled services to New Chitose Airport, which is operated by Japan Airlines.
Jahongir Abdumominov is a member of the sports team FC AGMK, where he started his time with the team.
Oliver Smithies was the recipient of the Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Prize at a specific point in time.
Susaek station, which officially opened on April 1, 1908, is adjacent to Digital Media City station.
The Calgary Mustangs played in the Canadian Professional Soccer League in 1983 and their home venue was McMahon Stadium.
Radoslav Terziev is a member of the sports team PFC Botev Plovdiv. The specific start time of his membership with PFC Botev Plovdiv is noted.
Francesco Piccolo won the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
Loh Sea Keong is a member of the Thailand Continental Cycling Team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Asier Illarramendi participated in the 2013-14 La Liga season as a member of a sports team.
Werdohl station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Massimo Borgobello is a member of the sports team F.C.D. Conegliano Calcio 1907, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the film "Invictus," Isaac Fe'aunati plays a character role.
"Deadly Virtues" is a film produced by Elliot Grove and originates from the Netherlands.
Blankenfelde station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
The Caudron C. 60 is an aircraft manufactured by the Caudron company.
The film "One More Tomorrow" was photographed by Bert Glennon and edited by David Weisbart.
Paitela Kelemene is a member of the Tuvalu national football team, and he started his time with the team at a specific start time.
The post canonical system, an instance of a Semi-Thue system, was discovered by Emil Leon Post.
Eddie Maple won the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award at a specific point in time.
Atsutaka Nakamura is a member of the Kashima Antlers sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Old Bend High School is now occupied by Bend Senior High School, which ended its occupancy at some point referred to as the "end time" for Bend Senior High School. However, the term "bendSeniorHighSchool end time" seems unusual; if it refers to when Bend Senior High School stopped using Old Bend High School, it can be more clearly stated as:\n\nBend Senior High School was the occupant of Old Bend High School until a certain end time.
Michel Tognini was a crew member on the STS-93 mission and had a specific role during the mission.
Bernhard Friedmann, whose native language is German, worked in Bonn.
Agnel Gomes is a member of the Sporting Clube de Goa, where he started his tenure.
Benguela Province uses the Kuvale language and contains the administrative territorial entity of Chongorói.
Mahmadu Alphajor Bah is a human and a member of the sports team Mighty Blackpool F.C.
Romilly Fedden worked in Volendam at a specific point in time.
Ethnikos Achna FC participated in the 2000--01 Cypriot First Division, playing their home games at their home venue.
Leonard Piontek is a human who participated in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Maffeo Giovanni Ducoli held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Kirsty Bertarelli won the title of Miss United Kingdom at a specific point in time.
Jean-Eudes Maurice is a member of the sports team FC Aktobe, where he started his time with the team.
Maurizio Sarri is the head coach of Juventus F.C., having started in the role at a specified start time.
Cohen House in London was designed by Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank, who applied his design to a specific part of the building.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport offers scheduled service to Singapore Changi Airport, which is operated by the same entity that manages the connection. However, for clarity, it seems there might be a redundancy or misinterpretation in the "operator" predicate. Assuming the intent is to convey operational details, a more precise statement would be:\n\nSardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport provides scheduled flights to Singapore Changi Airport, which is operated by [operator's name or relevant entity], though the specific operator isn't detailed in the given information.
Alex Avila, whose father is Al Avila, is a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks sports team.
Derek Foran is a member of the Sacramento Republic FC, and he started with the team at a specified start time.
Diego Rigonato Rodrigues is a member of the Stade de Reims sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Carlos Lima is a citizen of Cape Verde and began his career with the Cape Verde national football team.
Brent Bookwalter won the 2015 USA Pro Cycling Challenge.
Andrei Belyanin was born in Astrakhan, which is a city in Russia.
The Pioneer Zephyr is a passenger train manufactured by the Budd Company.
Jordy Clasie is a member of the Netherlands national football team, having started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Keita Baldé is a member of the Catalonia national football team and started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Corentin Tolisso was a member of a sports team participating in the 2018--19 Bundesliga season.
Anthony Hill, a human, is a member of the Indianapolis Colts sports team.
During the 1955--56 Cypriot First Division, Nea Salamis Famagusta FC participated as a team, playing their home games at their home venue.
In the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Reunion," LeVar Burton is a cast member playing a character role.
Mariano Sambucetti is a member of the Bristol Bears sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Steve Wilks is the head coach of the Arizona Cardinals, whose home venue is Wrigley Field. \n\n(Note: This statement contains an error since the Arizona Cardinals' home venue is actually State Farm Stadium, not Wrigley Field, which is known for baseball in Chicago. However, based strictly on the provided information, this is the accurate conversion.) \n\nFor clarity and accuracy, if we assume the given information is correct within the context of the question:\nThe head coach of the Arizona Cardinals is Steve Wilks, and their home venue is Wrigley Field.
Andreas Wiegel is a member of the MSV Duisburg sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time referred to as "mSVDuisburg start time."
Khurshit Lutfullayev is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Topolnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at the specified time.
Borys Orlovskyi is a member of the sports team FSC Bukovyna Chernivtsi. He started with the team at a specific start time.
FK Haugesund's head coach is Jostein Grindhaug, who started in his role at a specific start time.
Beacon Hill, New South Wales is located within the Electoral district of Wakehurst, where it plays a role in the electoral district.
Manny Jiménez, whose given name is Manny, is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Sergei Kostin is a member of the sports team FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo. He started with the team at a specific start time.
In the 1994--95 Cypriot First Division, AEK Larnaca FC was a participating team, and their home venue was used in the league.
In the movie "Frankenstein Conquers the World," the narrative takes place in Hiroshima at a specific point in time.
Bob Fosse won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at a specific point in time.
Nichola McAuliffe won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical at a specific point in time.
Anthony Scaramozzino is a member of the sports team RC Lens, and he started with the team at a specific time referred to as "rCLens start time."
Joan Allen is a cast member in the film "The Bourne Legacy," where she plays a character role.
Sophie Amalie Moth, whose given name is Sophie, is the mother of Christiane Gyldenloeve.
Torrensville, South Australia is located within the Division of Hindmarsh, which has a role in its administrative territorial entity.
Marek Rutkiewicz participated in the 2019 Tour de Pologne as a member of a sports team.
Earl Mossor is a human and a member of the Mobile Bears sports team.
Emmanuel Ullmo won the Elie Cartan Prize at a specific point in time.
Nikolaos Karabelas is a member of the Greece national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Bell station on the Trinity Railway Express connects to the Richland Hills station.
Remo Holsmer is a human and a member of the sports team BC Kalev.
Secret Nation is a Canadian production with its narrative set in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Narciso Lubasa is a member of the sports team TuS Erndtebrück, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Mark Webber won the DHL Fastest Lap Award at a specific point in time.
Hidenori Ishii is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Vladislav Lyakh is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Minsk, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Yuriy Tselykh, whose given name is Yury, is a member of the sports team FC CSKA Kyiv.
Barbara Borg is a member of the German Archaeological Institute, where she holds a role within the institute.
Sasha Alexander is a cast member of the TV series NCIS, where she plays a character role.
Charlotte Cardin participated in the television show La Voix at a specific point in time.
Skerdilaid Curri plays sports in Germany and is a member of the VFC Plauen sports team.
Milad Zeneyedpour is a member of the sports team Dalkurd FF, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Hathras Kila railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time during its valid period.
Marat Khairullin is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Andris Liepa is a citizen of Latvia, where he began his notable career or activities.
In the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, Slovenia participated with a performer representing the country.
The Missouri Compromise was a piece of legislation that applied to the jurisdiction of the United States.
Nicolás Klappenbach is a member of the Uruguay national rugby union team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Muchlis Hadi is a member of the sports team PSM Makassar, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Jack Douglas, the record producer, speaks, writes, and signs in the English language, and he is distinct from another person also named Jack Douglas.
Heinz-Otto Schultze served in the Kriegsmarine, which was the naval branch of the German military during World War II. The specific start time of his service in the Kriegsmarine is mentioned but not provided with a date in the given information.
Stephanie Bukovec is a member of the AFC Ajax Vrouwen sports team, and she started with the team at a specific time.
Joe Gomez participated in the 2017-18 EFL Cup as a member of his sports team.
Charles Fanning won the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
Ricardo Velazco is a member of the Real Monarchs sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Harmeet Singh is a member of the Norway national football team, having started his tenure with the team.
The Javanese Latin alphabet is a Latin-script alphabet used for writing the Javanese language.
David Sutcliffe is a cast member in "Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life," playing a character role in the series.
Dmytro Pryma is a member of the sports team FC Stal Kamianske. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Junior Poluleuligaga is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
In the 1989 film "The Little Mermaid," Ruben A. Aquino served as an animator.
Zlatko Portner, a member of the FC Barcelona sports team, has a child named Nikola Portner.
Daniel Mullins holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Harrogate Town A.F.C. is coached by Simon Weaver and plays its home games at Wetherby Road.
Valentina Telichkina received the Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR and began her notable work period in 1965.
Bernadette Courty is the mayor of Richebourg in Yvelines and serves as the head of government for the town.
Alessandro Gentile has a sibling named Stefano Gentile and his father is Ferdinando Gentile.
Dudu Twito is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
In the movie "Happy Gilmore," Bob Barker appears as a cast member playing a character role.
Larry Jackson played for the Wilmington Hammerheads FC, starting his tenure with the team at the specified start time.
Samuele Beretta is a member of the sports team Inter Milan, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Lilo & Stitch franchise, created by Dean DeBlois, includes Disney's Lilo & Stitch Game Boy Advance video game.
Dora Afi Abotsi, whose given name is Dora, participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Zarathos is a subject with a role in Marvel Spotlight, where it is featured as a character in the work.
Reid Bailey is a human and a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs sports team.
Francis Kahata is a member of the Kenya national football team, and he started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Japan National Route 422 began operation in 1982 and is maintained by Shiga Prefecture.
Brent Spiner is a cast member of "The Next Phase," where he plays a character role.
Vladimir Arnold won the Lenin Prize at a specific point in time.
Tahj Mowry voices a character in the "Kim Possible" series, but there seems to be a misunderstanding in the second triple since Kim Possible herself is not typically voiced by Tahj Mowry. If the intention was to specify which character Tahj Mowry voices in "Kim Possible," additional context would be needed. Assuming the intended information is about Tahj Mowry's role, it could be rephrased as: Tahj Mowry voices a character in the "Kim Possible" series, though he does not voice the main character Kim Possible herself.
Kamoliddin Murzoev is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Samarqand, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Tommaso Ruffo was consecrated by Pope Innocent XIII, who had a role in his consecration.
Yerson Opazo is a member of the Chile national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Leandro Rosa Souza is a member of the Santa Cruz Futebol Clube, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Boris Boyanchev is a member of the sports team FC Pirin Gotse Delchev. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Adrian Kurek is a member of the sports team Team Hurom, where he started at a specific start time.
In the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Someone to Watch Over Me," Kate Mulgrew stars as a cast member, playing a character role.
The SS Empire Broadsword is a steamship manufactured by the Consolidated Steel Corporation.
Faouzi Abdelghani is a member of the sports team JS Massira, and his acquisition by the team was part of a transaction.
Jinju is twinned with Zhengzhou, and the twinning relationship started at some specified time.
Mukaisenoue Station officially opened on July 1, 1988, and it is adjacent to Senoue Station.
Zhao Baofang, who participated in cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics, has a sibling named Zhao Yiming.
Arthur Kopit won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a specific point in time.
Charlie Stobo was a member of the New South Wales cricket team, marking the beginning of his involvement with the team.
K.P. Appanna is a member of the Karnataka cricket team, and he started his association with the team at a certain start time.
Dimitris Stamou is a member of the Greece national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Dirleton Kirk is located in East Lothian, which is an administrative territorial entity in Scotland.
"Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man" had its first performance on November 1, 1868, at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
The Deployable Operations Group is a category of units within the United States, specifically falling under the main category titled "Deployable Operations Group."
The Gustav Rohrich Sod House is located in the United States and features rustic architecture.
Claudio Bortolotto won the 1980 Giro d'Italia.
Kazuhiko Chiba is a member of the Japan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Angelo Rizzoli received a Globo d'oro award for his work.
Sergey Bubka, who was a citizen of the Soviet Union, lived through its existence until the union's end.
Moshkovsky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
Wellesley Farms station was designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Cal State Northridge Matadors football is a main category topic in the United States, specifically falling under the Category:Cal State Northridge Matadors football.
Victor Hănescu resides in Bucharest, which is the capital city of Romania.
The NZR OC class was manufactured by the Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Cornell Woolrich won the Martin Beck Award at a specific point in time.
Romeo Papini is a member of the sports team U.S. Lecce, and he started with the team at a specified time.
Dexter Jackson, a human and wide receiver, is a member of the Carolina Panthers sports team.
Batayevka is located in the Samara Time zone, where the start time for Samara Time applies.
In the 1928 Giro di Lombardia, Gaetano Belloni was the winner.
George Henry Bogert worked in Haarlem at a specific point in time.
Marat Anvaryevich Safin is a human who was a member of the sports team FC Volga Ulyanovsk.
Josh Keaton is a cast member in "The Even Stevens Movie," where he plays a character role.
The League of Legends European Championship is organized by Riot Games and sponsored by Kia Motors.
Theo Epstein was educated at the University of San Diego School of Law, where he obtained an academic degree.
In the production "Romulus and the Sabines," Roger Moore was a cast member who played a character role.
Gaston Therrien is a human and a member of the sports team Diables Noirs de Tours.
Alain Viret is the mayor of Ferreyres, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Treviso Cathedral is located on Piazza del Duomo and features a neoclassical architectural style.
Corry Evans participated in the 2018-19 UEFA Nations League B as a member of the sports team.
In the 1970 Coupe de France Final, Georges Bereta scored a goal and was a member of the winning sports team.
Cavan Biggio was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays at a specific point in time.
Niki Cross is a human and a member of the Newcastle Jets FC sports team.
In the film "Fallen Hero," Connor Trinneer is a cast member who plays a character role.
Adam Teuto is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which includes a statement about him as its subject.
Nadine Garner is a cast member of the show "City Homicide," where she plays a character role.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement at a specific point in time.
The Alfa Romeo Arna is a vehicle powered by a petrol engine and was manufactured by Fiat Automobiles.
The Strikers, a funk band, originated from the United States and were formed in New York City.
Moussa Sissoko participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup as a member of his sports team.
Nicolaas Kuiper was a doctoral advisor to Floris Takens, and his own doctoral advisor was Willem van der Woude.
Elisa Lohmann is a member of the Schweriner SC sports team, and she started with the team at a specific start time.
Victor Cannings, whose given name is Victor, is a member of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
"Hari Ng Sablay" was distributed by Regal Entertainment and the original language of the film is English.
Hannah Park is located in North Lanarkshire, where it serves as a notable feature of the administrative territorial entity.
Annia Hatch participated in the women's vault gymnastics event at the 2004 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
Gastón Otreras is a member of the sports team Unión San Felipe, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Energy in Spain is the main topic categorized under the Category:Energy in Spain, focusing on the energy-related issues and information specific to Spain.
Omer Damari is a member of the Israel national football team and has been since he joined the team.
The Battle of Blarathon took place in Ganzak, with the sourcing circumstances also related to Ganzak.
Robert Edmund Graves contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a role as a subject contributor.
Hovhannes Abelian resided in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which began at a specific start time.
Artem Dudik is a human and a member of the sports team FC Slutsk.
Nour El Sayed is a member of the sports team ENPPI SC, and the start time of her membership with ENPPI SC is noted.
"The Challengers" is a game show created by Ron Greenberg and distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
Shaun Hutchinson participated in the 2009-10 Scottish Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Philippa York won the 1990 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems redundant or incorrectly formatted since "philippaYork of" does not add new information and doesn't fit naturally into a sentence. Therefore, it has been omitted in the description for clarity.)
Abdennour Siouane was born in Algeria and began his career with the Algeria national under-23 football team.
Jay Lenton is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, where he started at a specific time.
Josh Archibald plays in the National Hockey League, where he started his career in a specific start time within the league.
Interstate 95 terminates at the New Brunswick Route 95, which indicates its direction at that point.
Martin O'Toole was a citizen of the Irish Free State until its end.
Gardiehbey Zeo is a citizen of Liberia and started his career with the Liberia national football team.
"Like Water for Chocolate" is a romance novel set in Mexico.
Roman Zharikov is a member of the sports team FC Tom Tomsk. He started with the team at a specific start time.
The Chicago State Cougars women's basketball team plays in the Western Athletic Conference and their home venue is the Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center.
Michael Donskoff's citizenship is Russian, and he has been a citizen of Russia since a specified start time.
Allison Janney was a cast member in the episode "Twenty Five" of The West Wing, where she played a character role.
Cameron Bayly is a member of the Bennelong SwissWellness Cycling Team, which rides Cervelo bikes. He started with the team at a specific start time.
In the show "You Lucky Dog," Rick Fitts is a cast member who plays a character role.
The Helmsley Building is located on Park Avenue and features the architectural style of Beaux-Arts.
Pappachen Pradeep is a member of the India national football team and has been part of the team since its start time.
The National Association of Immigration Judges is affiliated with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, which indicates their involvement started at a specific time.
Konstantynów in Sochaczew County is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Leonardo Jara is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors, and he started with the team at a specific time.
John Francis Queeny was the chief executive officer of Monsanto until his tenure ended.
Sadio Sow is a human and a member of the Gazélec Ajaccio sports team.
Eduardo Gadiano is the head of government in Occidental Mindoro. He started in this role at a specific start time.
Cecilio Eloy Roy Enguita is the mayor of Cimballa, serving as the head of government for the city.
Kashipur Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time, which is valid during its operational period.
Jagdalpur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to the valid period of Indian Standard Time.
Henricus Franciscus Wiertz was born in Amsterdam at a specific point in time.
WarBirds is a video game that is available on the MacOS platform.
The Las Vegas Aviators play their home games at the Las Vegas Ballpark, which is where they start their matches.
"The Hollywood Matador" was traditionally animated by Walter Lantz Productions.
Manuel Perez is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Stade Brestois 29. He started with the team at a specific time.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of the Salgueiro Atlético Clube, and he started with the team at a specified start time.
Vladimir Gorodetsky was a citizen of the Soviet Union until its dissolution.
Sigurd Rushfeldt received the Kniksen Award for striker of the year and is a member of the sports team Rosenborg BK.
Steven Davis participated in the 2016-17 EFL Cup as a member of his sports team.
Kevin Killen won the Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year at a specific point in time.
Jean Zimmer is a member of the VfB Stuttgart sports team and started with the team at a specific time.
Kenneth Zohore is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team. He started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Raiano railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
Renato Ramos is a member of the sports team A.C. Barnechea. He started with the team at a certain time, though the specific start time is not provided in the given information.
Mahasti is buried at Pierce Brothers Westwood Village Memorial Park and Mortuary, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Michael Cooper won the J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award at a specific point in time.
In the film "Moonraker," Walter Gotell appeared as a cast member playing a character role.
The University of Paris was replaced by the University of Paris 13 Nord at a specific point in time.
Jimmy Tomlinson is a human and a member of the Darwen F.C. sports team.
In the 1973 live-action film "The Three Musketeers," Spike Milligan was a cast member who played a character role.
Hairol Mokhtar is a member of the Sarawak FA sports team, and he started with the team at a certain start time.
Yoo Kyoung-youl is a member of the Cheonan City FC sports team. He started with the team at a specific start time.
The Saleen S1 is a car manufactured by Saleen.
Ramzan Asayev is a goalkeeper for FC Akhmat Grozny.
Darren Amoo is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Abdullah Mousa is a member of the United Arab Emirates national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Carli de Murga is a member of the Philippines national football team and started her membership with the team at a specified start time.
Irina Mikitenko, whose given name is Irina, participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sacramento Republic FC plays in the USL Championship league and their home venue is Papa Murphy's Park.
Nunukan Regency has its capital in Nunukan and shares a border with Miri Division.
Leonidas Lee was educated at Princeton University and is buried at Rosehill Cemetery.
The 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II included a singles competition and was followed by the 2015 Grand Prix Hassan II.
David Gugganig is a member of the sports team FC Liefering and started with the team at a specified start time.
Jabari Arthur is a human and a member of the Kansas City Chiefs sports team.
Kairat Nurdauletov is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
The Indianapolis Colts won the Best Game ESPY Award for a particular game or performance at a specific point in time.
Goran Siljanovski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Agustín Casanova serves as the mayor and head of government of the Portoviejo Canton.
Peter Kaiser is the governor of Carinthia, serving as the head of government for the region.
Sardor Mirzaev is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Paolo Goltz is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Independiente, and he started with the club at a specific time.
Valentyna Semerenko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award there.
Karaulnoye is located in the Moscow Time zone, where the end time of Moscow Time applies.
Maria Skobtsova was born in Riga, which is in a country. However, the specific country is not explicitly stated in the given triples beyond being associated with Riga.
Ben Taskar, whose first name is Ben, had Daphne Koller as his doctoral advisor.
André Micael is a member of the sports team F.C. Paços de Ferreira. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Jukka Koskinen is a footballer who is a member of the sports team FC Haka, and he started with the team at a certain time. Note: There seems to be a typo in the predicate "fCHaka," which likely means "start time." Assuming this, the sentence reflects his membership and the start of his time with the team.
Catchphrase, a British game show distributed by ITV Studios, is in the English language.
Woody Harrelson is a cast member in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 2," where he plays a character role.
Bob Spargo Sr., who played for the Melbourne Football Club, is the father of Bob Spargo.
"I've Got the Next Dance" is a song produced by David Foster and originates from the United States.
Zhao Deyin, whose surname is Zhao, has a child named Zhao Kuangning.
In the film "Let It Shine," Courtney B. Vance plays a character role.
Sangerhausen station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
NTT Docomo began trading on the New York Stock Exchange.\n\n(Note: The second triple seems redundant given the information provided in the first triple, so it's interpreted as indicating the start time of trading, which is incorporated into the sentence for fluency.)
Julien Durand is a member of the sports team Gombak United FC, where he started playing for the team at a certain start time.
Joseph Michael Sullivan held the position of Auxiliary bishop, and he was consecrated by John J. Snyder.
Paul Haggis won the Valentine Davies Award at a specific point in time.
Antonio Ropero Morales is the mayor of Olocau, serving as the head of government for the city.
Ottaviano Nonni was born in Bologna at a specific point in time.
In the 1939 film "The Three Musketeers," Pauline Moore played a character role.
The film "First Monday in October" is based on the original work titled "First Monday in October" and is named after the first Monday in October.
Chris Warren, a basketball player born in 1981, was educated at Lakeview Centennial High School and is a member of the U.D. Oliveirense basketball team.
Takanomiya Station is adjacent to Matsue Vogel Park Station, and it is located towards Matsue Vogel Park Station.
David Fincher won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a specific point in time.
Radha Yadav is a cricketer from India who is a member of the India national cricket team.
Berkhamsted railway station is named after Berkhamsted and is located next to the Grand Junction Canal.
Marcus Berg is a member of the Sweden national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Malik Asselah is a member of the Algeria national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
André Onana is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, where he started his time with the club.
Hans-Peter Tschudi, who is from Basel, Switzerland, holds the position of Member of the Swiss Council of States.
Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S., which was directed by Yoshinori Sekiguchi, is originally in the Japanese language.
Henderson Land Development is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, where it began trading at a specific start time.
Wilfred Ndidi participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup as a member of his sports team.
Lewis Sergeant contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography and had a role as a subject in it. However, the second part of the statement seems a bit unclear. A more natural interpretation might be that he had a role related to the entries in the Dictionary of National Biography. Therefore, a clearer and more fluent version would be:\n\nLewis Sergeant contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography and had a role related to its entries.
Andrei Alekseyevich Ivanov is a member of the sports team FC Sibir Novosibirsk. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Roman Sabler is a member of the sports team FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda. He started with the team at a specific start time.
"Price of Glory" is a film in the English language, with Affonso Beato serving as the director of photography.
Millicom is a part of the Global Network Initiative, and it started its involvement with the initiative at a specific start time.
Davide Succi is a member of the sports team A.C. Cesena, where he started at a specific time.
Rukwanzi Island is in Uganda, although there is a dispute regarding this claim.
Eduard Martsevich received the award of People's Artist of the RSFSR and has a son named Filipp Martsevich.
Njabulo Ndlovu is a member of the Eswatini national football team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Fredrik Carlsen is a member of the sports team Aalesunds FK, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Nicola Tomacelli held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Moskal-Charivnyk is a film or TV show originally produced in the Ukrainian language by Dovzhenko Film Studios.
Kindrochit Castle is located in Aberdeenshire, where Aberdeenshire serves as the administrative territorial entity.
Maximiliano Amondarain is a member of the sports team Elche CF Ilicitano, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Mark Rypien is a human who was a member of the Cleveland Browns sports team.
Mike Coffman was educated at Aurora Central High School, where he had a particular role or involvement.
Henry Bruton contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography and had a role as a subject within it.
Gifu Castle is named after Qishan County, which itself was named by someone or something referred to as "qishanCounty." However, the second part of the statement seems a bit redundant or unclear. A more natural way to express this would be: Gifu Castle is named after Qishan County.
Daniel Karamoy is a member of the Persebaya Surabaya sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
During the 2014 Tinkoff-Saxo season, Roman Kreuziger was a part of the team until its end.
Mel Gibson starred in the film "Mad Max" in a leading character role.
Captain America: The First Avenger had a significant event with the start of principal photography.
Anthony Ribelin is a member of the sports team Montpellier HSC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the 1949-50 Cypriot First Division, EPA Larnaca FC participated and played their home games at their home venue.
Clodoaldo Paulino de Lima is a member of the Figueirense FC, where he started his tenure with the team.
César Abaya is a member of the Chad national football team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Serkan Yusein is a member of the sports team PFC Botev Plovdiv. He started with the team at a specific time.
Abdullah al-Hamid was educated at Al-Azhar University, where he obtained an academic degree.
William O. Brady held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
The Hal Rogers Parkway is a numbered highway in Kentucky that is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Jean Lacouture is the son of Joseph Lacouture and is married to Simonne Lacouture.
Bhavnagar Para railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) time zone and operates on IST throughout its valid period.
Suhan Alagaratnam is a human and a member of the Malaysia national cricket team.
Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, was a member of the House of Flanders and had a sibling named Geoffroy de Boulogne.
Yevgeny Lipeyev participated in the modern pentathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
Durga Prasad Yadav resides in Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party.
Mounir Obbadi is a citizen of Morocco and began his career with the Morocco national football team.
Giuseppe Pizzardo held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Itako Station is adjacent to Nobukata Station, with Nobukata Station located in the direction specified towards Itako Station. \n\nFor clarity and to avoid redundancy, we can rephrase it as:\nItako Station is adjacent to Nobukata Station, which is in the specified direction from Itako Station.
In "The Powerpuff Girls Movie," Roger L. Jackson voices a character role.
Yves Feys is a human and was a member of the sports team Royal Antwerp F.C.
Thiruvallikeni railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time valid during its operational period.
Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun is a member of the Togo national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Alyaksandr Taykow, whose given name is Alyaksandr, is a member of the sports team Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Frank Edward McGurrin was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Michigan.
Gilles Poux is the mayor of La Courneuve, serving as the head of government for the city.
David Kiki is a member of the Benin national football team, and he started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Pablo Llorente Jodra is the mayor and head of government of Bliecos.
Imran Qayyum is a member of the Kent County Cricket Club, with his membership starting at a specific time.
Robert Carradine is part of the Carradine family and has a sibling named Michael Bowen, who is an actor.
In the game "Batman: Arkham City," Rick D. Wasserman voices a character role.
The Medal "For the Defence of Odessa" was designed by Nikolay Moskalyov and is made of brass.
Alice Pearce was born in New York City, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Rafael Rodriguez Alonso is the mayor of Benafarces, serving as the head of government for the city.
The Buckland riot occurred in Porepunkah, with the sourcing circumstances also related to Porepunkah.
Smailholm Tower is located in the Scottish Borders, which is an administrative territorial entity in Scotland.
In the 1998 film "The Lost World," Patrick Bergin played a character role.
Shaun Marsh is a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club, where he started his association with the team.
Minara Station in Ehime is adjacent to Aidai Igakubu Minamiguchi Station, which it connects to via a line that runs towards it.
Upendra Yadav was born in Bhagawatpur, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
"Stander," the film produced by Seven Arts Pictures, was photographed by Jess Hall.
British Rail Class 312 is a trainset with a total production quantity of 49 units.
Karl Ullmann is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Michael Dawson is a human and a member of the Hull City A.F.C. football team.
Sizy Bugor is located in the Moscow Time zone, where the Moscow Time ends.
John Obi Mikel is a member of the Nigeria national football team, and he started his tenure with the team at a specified start time.
Andrei Konovalov was born in Chelyabinsk, which is a city in Russia.
Sewraj Dawochand was born in Mauritius and began his career with the Mauritius national football team.
"To the Stars" is a novel written in English with a main subject focusing on dystopia.
Arkadiusz Milik participated in UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of his sports team.
Zsolt Kiss is a member of the sports team BFC Siófok, where he started his time with the team.
Fwayo Tembo is a member of the Zambia national football team and started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
In "The Mark of Gideon," DeForest Kelley was a cast member who played a character role.
Nonoichi Station in Ishikawa is adjacent to Oshino Station, which is located in the direction towards Oshino.
Lovely Rosa was a horse who raced in the sport of horse racing and was born in 1933.
Bob Moore is a human who played American football and was a member of the Denver Broncos sports team.
Brandon Bess is a member of the West Indies cricket team and started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
In the film "Captain Marvel," Jude Law plays a character role.
Joan S. Valentine was educated at Princeton University, where she earned an academic degree.
Boyko Borisov was born in Bankya, which is a location in Bulgaria. Note: The second triple seems to have a slight redundancy or typo with "bankya," but it's clear that Bankya is in Bulgaria based on common knowledge. If "country" was intended to provide additional context about Bankya's location, then the description accurately reflects the provided information.
Joseph Worsley is a member of the sports team VfB Friedrichshafen, where he started his tenure.
Hans Dragendorff is a member of the German Archaeological Institute, where he holds a role within the institute.
Emily Osment is a cast member of Hannah Montana, playing a character role in the show.
Eleanor Bron was partnered with Cedric Price and has a sibling named Gerry Bron.
Moussa Dembélé, a French footballer, is a member of Olympique Lyonnais, and he started with the team at a specified time.
Leonardo Devanir de Paula is a member of the Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube, and he started with the team at a specific time.
William Dugald MacDougall, whose given name is Dugald, is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Fedor Malykhin is a human and a member of the sports team Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg.
Wang Hong's family name is Wang, and her father is Wang Xun, who is a calligrapher.
In the film "Yellow Submarine," Paul Angelis provided the voice for a character role.
Harry Conway is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, with his involvement starting at a specified time.
Zhongsheng Group began trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
In the miniseries "Band of Brothers," Ron Livingston plays a character role.
Robert Snodgrass participated in the 2008-09 FA Cup as a member of a sports team.
Diego Collado Ciudad is the mayor of Acedera and serves as the head of government for the city.
Onur Dogan is a member of the Chinese Taipei national football team. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Dheem Tharikida Thom is an Indian television show, with S. Kumar serving as the director of photography.
Carlos Brathwaite is a member of the Quetta Gladiators, and he joined the team at a specific start time.
Dean Gorré is a member of the sports team Blackpool F.C. and is Kenji Gorré's parent.
The Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line connects with the Hokuriku Main Line.
Michael J. Fox is a cast member of the "Back to the Future" franchise, where he plays a character role.
In "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius," Jeffrey Garcia voices one of the characters in the show.
Louis Thauron participated in the 2016 World Junior Figure Skating Championships in ice dancing, and he was partnered with Angélique Abachkina.
Mirco Bergamasco is a member of the Zebre sports team, and he started with Zebre at a specific start time.
Armands celebrates his name day on April 22, which is observed in his country.
Laura Allen is a cast member of "The 4400" and plays a specific character role in the show.
In the episode "The Ultimate Computer" of *Star Trek*, James Doohan appears as a cast member, playing a character role.
Izumo Sakane Station is adjacent to Miinohara Station, with Miinohara Station located in the direction indicated by its relation to Izumo Sakane Station.
KM131 Jeep is a car model manufactured by Kia Motors.
In the 2008 film "The Other Boleyn Girl," Natalie Portman plays a character role.
The Assisi Underground is an Italian film with Luciano Spadoni serving as the production designer.
Ken Kallaste is a member of the Estonia national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
Fellipe Bertoldo is a Brazilian athlete who is a member of the Clube Atlético Guaçuano sports team.
Batu Anam railway station is located in the Time in Malaysia timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Luciano Vella is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia, where he started at a specific time.
Keegan Rosenberry is a member of the Philadelphia Union, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Joe Watson is a defenceman who played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Stouffville line terminates at the Lincolnville GO Station, which is in the direction of Lincolnville.
Alojs Andritzki resides in Dresden, although the second triple seems incomplete and unclear. If it indicates when his residency in Dresden ends, more context would be needed for a precise statement. Assuming it refers to the end of his association with Dresden, we can say: Alojs Andritzki lives in Dresden, though his stay there will end at some point.
Sowno, located in Koszalin County, is in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
California State Route 92 terminates at Half Moon Bay, California, and runs in a particular direction from there.
The Bede BD-8 is an aircraft designed by Jim Bede.
Yana Kalinina is a member of the Ukraine women's national football team. She started her membership with the team at a specific start time.
The list of people from Comilla is a Wikimedia list article that includes individuals with Bangladeshi citizenship.
Will Beer is a member of the Sussex County Cricket Club, where he started his time with the team.
Carlos Quintero is a cyclist who is a member of the Ningxia Sports Lottery -- Livall Cycling Team, where he started his tenure with the team.
Martin Boehm, who holds the position of dean, was educated at Reutlingen University, where he obtained an academic degree.
"Still Life with a Poem" is an oil painting that is part of the collection at the Norton Simon Museum.
Goh Swee Swee is a member of the sports team Hougang United FC, where she started her tenure.
TAAG Angola Airlines was formed in Luanda, which is the capital city of Angola.
Harry McNulty is a member of the Ireland national rugby sevens team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
The Forum, an American magazine, is published in New York City, United States.
Drei Annen Hohne station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
In the film "Just William," Richard Lupino is a cast member who plays a character role.
The Nankai Main Line connects with the Wakayamako Line.
William Thorburn was a surgeon by occupation, working in the field of surgery.
Eugenio Donoso Gracia serves as the mayor of Valenzuela de Calatrava, holding the position of head of government for the municipality.
Ricky Garbanzo is a member of the Charleston Battery, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
In the movie "Batman Begins," Colin McFarlane plays a character role.
"Jana Aranya" is part of the Calcutta trilogy and follows the book "Seemabaddha."
Carlos González Cruchaga held the position of diocesan bishop for a diocese.
Steven Pressley is the coach of Carlisle United F.C. and was also a member of Randers FC.
Provincial road N763 in the Netherlands ends at Oldebroek, and it heads in the direction of Oldebroek.
Jack Brabham secured both the pole position and the fastest lap in the 1960 Lady Wigram Trophy race.
Carles Planas is a member of the sports team RC Celta de Vigo. The specific start time of his membership with RC Celta de Vigo is mentioned.\n\nNote: There seems to be a minor typo in the predicate "rCCeltaDeVigo," which I interpreted as referring to the start time of his membership. If the intention was different, please clarify, and I can adjust the response accordingly.
Thorsten Heins was the chief executive officer of BlackBerry Limited, but his tenure ended at a certain point in time.
Kazak, a location in Bulgaria, is situated in the UTC +02:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
In the film "Batman Begins," Linus Roache plays a character role as part of the cast.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born in 1948, is known by the given name Mohammad and is a member of the sports team Steel Azin F.C.
Java Card OpenPlatform is an operating system developed by IBM.
Kiran Mokashi is a human who is a member of the Mumbai cricket team.
Grover Beach station is adjacent to the San Luis Obispo station and offers connecting service with the Pacific Surfliner.
Pat Carter is a human and a member of the Arizona Cardinals sports team.
Eduardo Arroz is a member of the sports team Treze Futebol Clube, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Marcus Claudius Marcellus, who was part of the Julio-Claudian dynasty, was born in Rome, which was in Italy. However, the second triple seems to contain redundant information since Rome's country context is already implied. If we focus on the provided facts, the most accurate and concise description would be:\n\nMarcus Claudius Marcellus, a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty, was born in Rome.
Kings Weston House, designed by the architect John Vanbrugh, features the English Baroque architectural style.
Ciaran Clark is a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team. He started his membership with the team at a specific start time.
The Eastern Kentucky Colonels football team plays in the United States and their home venue is Roy Kidd Stadium.
The Kane County Chronicle is a tabloid-format newspaper published in St. Charles, Illinois.
Ernando is a member of Sport Club Internacional, having joined the team at a specific start time.
David Veit is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
The Rolls-Royce Soar is a turbojet subclass of engine manufactured by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division.
Gabriel Agbonlahor participated in the 2011-12 FA Cup as a member of his sports team.
Myongchon Station is located in the Time in North Korea timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Rita Saffioti was educated at Curtin University, where she obtained an academic degree.
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz was born in Madrid, which is in Spain.
Hussein Abdulghani is a citizen of Saudi Arabia and began his career with the Saudi Arabia national football team.
The Western Bulldogs won the 2016 AFL season, in which the Fremantle Football Club also participated.
Byglandsfjord Station, designed by architect Paul Due, is a designated heritage site in Norway.
The film "The Duel," which is from the United States, was partially filmed in Croatia.
Rafael Alves Targino is a member of the sports team FC Osaka, and he started with the team at a specific time.
In the TV series "The Night Manager," Tom Hiddleston stars as a character in the main cast.
Simon Peter Poh Hoon Seng holds the position of titular bishop, which is associated with a titular diocese.
Bunnpris is a food retail company that operates under the parent organization NorgesGruppen.
Paul Ginisty was born in Paris, which is in France.
"A Tribute to Courage" is a statue created by David Adickes, depicting Sam Houston.
Liezen District contains the administrative territorial entity of Hall bei Admont, which has a specified end time.
Count Alucard, a character created by Robert Siodmak, is the son of Count Dracula.
Kristian Laferla is a human who is a member of the Malta national football team.
Anne Jeffreys was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of North Carolina.
Elizabeth Warren was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries, where her campaign began at a specified start time.
In the film "The Dark Knight," Eric Roberts plays a character role.
Yeshey Dorji is a member of Thimphu City FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Jim Earl is the screenwriter for "The Daily Show" and has been starting his work on the show since its start time. \n\nNote: The predicate "jimEarl [P] start time" seems a bit ambiguous. If it means Jim Earl started working on "The Daily Show" at a certain time, it might be better expressed as "Jim Earl started working on 'The Daily Show' at its inception." If you have more context about what "start time" refers to, please let me know!
Paul Lake is a human and a member of the Manchester City F.C. sports team.
Imran Sahib is a member of the sports team Tampines Rovers FC. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Marcus Danielson is a member of the sports team GIF Sundsvall, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
John Harris Browne is an Australian citizen, and his connection to Australia began at a specific start time.
Hendrik Hansen plays sports for Germany and competes in the Bundesliga league.
Stefano Okaka is a member of the Italy national football team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Ahmed Omran is a member of the sports team ENPPI SC, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Emma Ermawati, who participated in the 2000 Asian Badminton Championships in mixed doubles, is married to Budi Santoso.
Shahar Ginanjar is a member of the Indonesia national football team and started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
Pavlo Savelenko is a member of the sports team FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Jackson Willison is a member of the sports team FC Grenoble, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Sonny Bill Williams is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team. He started with the team at a certain point in time.
Mahammed Dionne is the current officeholder of the Prime Minister of Senegal, having started in this role at a specific start time.
The Allen Institute for Brain Science was founded by Paul Allen. Paul Allen established the institute at a specific point in time.
Edward Joseph Hanna held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
In the film "The Throne," Kim Hae-sook plays a character role.
Abdenour Amachaibou is a member of the sports team FC Gießen, and he started with the team at a specified time.
Amit Guluzade is a member of the sports team Sumgayit FK, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Clayton Lewis is a member of the New Zealand national under-20 football team, where he started his involvement with the team.
Ribesalbes is a place that shares a border with Fanzara and its patron saint is Saint Christopher.
Geoffrey Ghesquière is a member of the sports team Olympique Saint-Quentin, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Ilir Azemi is a member of the Kosovo national football team, where he started his role as part of the team.
Terry Godwin is a member of the Carolina Panthers, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
The Ahmadnagar Sultanate was located in Asia and shared a border with the Adil Shahi dynasty.
Bob McCulley is a human who played in the National Hockey League.
The European Library was discontinued and ceased to exist on December 31, 2016.
Utah State Route 92 connects with Interstate 15 in Utah, which is located within the administrative territorial entity of Utah.
The New Zealand DSJ class locomotive was manufactured by Toshiba.
The 1927 film "Light Cavalry" was directed by photography by Werner Bohne and featured Vivian Gibson in its cast.
Phil Bardsley is a member of the Scotland national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specific start time.
Luis Ravaschino is a member of the sports team Sportivo Barracas, where he started playing at a specific start time.
Georgios Kolokoudias is a member of the sports team Apollon Limassol FC. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Frank Moniz is a member of the Kearny Scots sports team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Eevamari Rauhamäki resides in Rovaniemi, though the specific point in time of her residence is mentioned but does not provide additional details beyond her current residence. A more precise statement would be that Eevamari Rauhamäki resides in Rovaniemi, with the implication that this is her current living situation.
In the film "25th Hour," Edward Norton produced the movie and also had a character role.
Bruce Douglas is a member of the Bristol Bears rugby union team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Gordon Medd was born in Birmingham and started his career with Birmingham City F.C.
The TV series "Barbary Coast" was created by Douglas Heyes and is in the English language.
Alacan railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone and operates within the valid period for Philippine Standard Time.
Karl Adolph von Basedow is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a statement about him as its subject.
In the 2016 London mayoral election, George Galloway was a candidate and he was a member of a political party.
Pavol Grman is a member of the sports team FC Nitra. He started with the team at a certain start time.
Rowdy Rebel started working with Epic Records in 2012.
Alan Mineiro is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. He started with the club at a certain start time.
Norm Greeney is a human who was a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball team is based in the United States, and its main category is Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball.
In the 2019 film "Glass," James McAvoy plays a character role.
Josete Miranda is a member of the Getafe CF B sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Bellanca 14-13 is an aircraft manufactured by AviaBellanca Aircraft.
RadPHP is an integrated development environment developed by Embarcadero Technologies.
Darrell Pace participated in the men's individual archery event at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award for his performance.
The Chiavari chair is a type of chair designed by Giuseppe Gaetano Descalzi.
Nishiyama Station in Fukuoka is adjacent to Sangamori Station, with Sangamori Station being in the direction indicated from Nishiyama Station.
Adam Baldwin is a cast member of the TV series Firefly, where he plays a character role.
Ernst Deger is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
Samuel Timmins contributed to the "Dictionary of National Biography" and had a role as a subject within it.
Shuanglian metro station is located in the Time in Taiwan timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Mikhail Glukhov represents Russia in sports and is a member of the Amur Khabarovsk sports team.
Jaouad Zairi is a member of the sports team A.P.S. Zakynthos. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Joseph Bartholomew held the position of judge.
Leonhard Kaufmann is a member of the sports team SV Austria Salzburg. He started with the team at a specific start time.
Manuel Battistini is a member of the San Marino national football team, and he started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
Aris Limassol FC's home venue is Tsirio Stadium. The start time for matches at Tsirio Stadium is mentioned in relation to Aris Limassol FC, though the specific time is not provided.\n\nIf the intention was to provide more clarity on the start time, please specify if additional information is needed or if there's a misunderstanding in the triples provided.
Om is a band that includes Chris Hakius as a member, although Chris Hakius is no longer with the band.
John Davies, a swimmer, participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
Kai Holst is a breeder by occupation.
South West France, a wine region, includes the Côtes du Marmandais and parts of it are located in the administrative territorial entity of Dordogne.
Stevie Bonsapia is a member of the Indonesia national football team. He joined the team at a specific start time.
Allahabad Airport offers scheduled services to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, which is operated by a designated entity.
Peter Connors holds the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
Pedro Orozco holds the position of titular bishop, which is associated with a titular diocese.
Little Nicky is a cat who was born on October 17, 2004.
In the 2010 film "The Tempest," Djimon Hounsou plays a character role.
Ken Baumann is a cast member of "The Secret Life of the American Teenager," where he plays a character role.
Kostadin Slaev is a human and a member of the sports team FC Vereya.
Seyfarth Shaw is organized as a limited liability partnership, with this legal form applying to its jurisdiction.
The Cape Otway Lighthouse, located on Cape Otway, is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Mamadou Mbodj is a member of the Senegal national under-23 football team. The start time of his membership with the team is noted.
Jeremy Staunton is a human and a member of the London Irish sports team.
Daru Taumua is a member of the American Samoa national football team, where he started his role at a specific start time.
Stephen Robinson was a crew member on the STS-95 mission.
In the film "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy," Mos Def plays a character role.
Cirie Fields, whose last name is Fields, resides in Norwalk, Connecticut.
José Antonio Rodríguez, a Mexican footballer, is a member of the sports team C.D. Guadalajara. He started with the team at a certain time, though the exact start time is not specified in the provided information.
An Phoblacht is a publication in the Irish language that is based in Belfast.
Chidozie Awaziem is a member of the sports team FC Porto B, where he started his time with the team.
Sergej Evljuskin is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team, having started his membership with the team.
Dean Sylvester is a human who plays in the National Hockey League.
The Sumlock ANITA calculator, manufactured by Bell Punch, is an instance of a calculator.
The Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections, which take place in the United Kingdom, are categorized under the main topic of Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections.
Petar Patev is a member of the sports team FC Dunav Ruse. He started his time with the team at a specific start time.
Eric Campbell is a member of the New York Mets baseball team, and he started with the team at a specific start time.
Edgar Snow is buried at Peking University, and his spouse was Helen Foster Snow.
Maurice Tadman, whose first name is Maurice, is a member of the sports team Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Bernard Le Gall is the mayor and head of government of Mahalon.
Luis Rogel is a member of the sports team Coquimbo Unido, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Japan National Route 138 was established in 1953 and is maintained by Yamanashi Prefecture.
Gilbert Rey is a human and a member of the sports team FC Lausanne-Sport.
Adam Ruud is a human who is a member of the Charlotte Eagles sports team.
Fethi Missaoui participated in the boxing Light welterweight event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
The Mohafiz vehicle was designed and manufactured by Heavy Industries Taxila.
In the 1959 film "The Shaggy Dog," Tommy Kirk is a cast member who plays a character role.
Bald Rock National Park is located in New South Wales and falls under IUCN category II, which designates it as a national park.
Japan National Route 454, which began operation in January 1993, is maintained by Akita Prefecture.
The Dornier Delphin is a flying boat manufactured by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
Dan Tudin is a member of the Ritten Sport sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Lecce railway station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
In the production "S.O.S. Titanic," Peter Bourke is a cast member who plays a character role.
Malkajgiri railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time valid during its operational period.
Yan Naing Aung is a human and a member of the sports team Yangon United F.C.
FC Tiraspol plays in the Moldovan National Division and their home venue is the Sheriff Stadium.
The play "Masquerade" had its first performance on an unspecified day in 1852 at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
Kelechi Iheanacho participated in the 2015-16 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Franklin Roosevelt Bueres is a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, where he started his involvement with the team.
Domingo Kamonga is a citizen of Namibia and began his career with the Namibia national rugby union team.
In the show "Star Wars Rebels," Anthony Daniels voices a character role.
Texas State Highway 220 is part of the Texas state highway system and is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Joanna Priestley was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, where she obtained an academic degree.
France Crowning Art and Industry, created by Georges Diebolt, is made using limestone.
Kanonen, a roller coaster designed by Werner Stengel, is manufactured by Intamin.
Utah State Route 92 connects with U.S. Route 89 in Utah, which is located within an administrative territorial entity.
Merode station is connected by rapid transit and is adjacent to the Montgomery metro station.
Thilina Suranda is a citizen of Sri Lanka and started his career with the Sri Lanka national football team.
Gordon King is a human who was a member of the Stanford Cardinal football team.
The Plain White Banner is a white banner that includes the Manchu Plain White Banner as part of it.
Caozaiguo is a dish from China that includes glutinous rice as one of its ingredients.
TruePic is an image processor manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
In the movie "UglyDolls," Gabriel Iglesias voices a character and his contribution is in the Spanish language. However, since the term "gabrielIglesias" seems to be a specific predicate not commonly used, we can infer that Gabriel Iglesias' role involves speaking in Spanish within the film. \n\nFor clarity and fluency: Gabriel Iglesias voices a character in the movie "UglyDolls" and speaks in Spanish.
HMS Holland 1 had a ceremonial ship launching, which marked a significant event in its history.
California State Route 20 terminates at Fort Bragg, California, and it runs in a specific direction through Fort Bragg.
Ryszard Prostak participated in the men's basketball competition at the EuroBasket 1981.
"At the Center of the Storm" is an English-language work primarily about the Central Intelligence Agency.
Sanborn Maps is a map collection that applies to jurisdictions within the United States.
Gerard Brennan resides in Sydney at a particular point in time.
James Hart Stern was born in Los Angeles, where the sourcing of his birth circumstances took place.
A.J. Edds, whose given name is A., is a member of the Iowa Hawkeyes football team.
Márk Jagodics is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team. He started his membership with the team at a specified start time.
Novoshipunovo is located in the Omsk Time zone, where the Omsk Time ends.
Badarpur Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time, which is valid during its operational period.
Place Dalida is named after the artist Dalida and shares a border with rue de l'Abreuvoir.
Charles Taze Russell was born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Shirburn Castle was designed by the architect Henry Yevele, who was commissioned under certain sourcing circumstances.
Vossem, Germany is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
Aidil Zafuan is a member of the Malaysia national football team and started his involvement with the team at a specified start time.
"The Raven" was published in the New-York Mirror.
Nikolaj Hust is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team. He started with the team at a specific time.
Jean Aberbach has a sibling named Julian Aberbach and is also related to Freddy Bienstock.
Maria Dolors Guàrdia Gasull serves as the mayor of La Tallada d'Empordà, holding the position of head of government for the city.
"Dora Nelson" is a 1939 film that is distinct from the person named Dora Nelson, and it features Carlo Ninchi as a cast member.
The Malaysian Communist Party was dissolved in Malaysia in 1987.
Larvell Blanks was a shortstop who played for the Cleveland Indians.
Koji Miyoshi is a member of the Kawasaki Frontale sports team and started with the team at a specific start time.
Nilakshi de Silva is a human and a member of the Sri Lanka national cricket team.
Ryan Perry is a human and a member of the Washington Nationals sports team.
Ronald MacDonald held the position of Diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
Kirti Patel is a human and a member of the Madhya Pradesh cricket team.
Paul Scherrer was a doctoral student of Peter Debye and a member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Fergana is the capital of the Fergana Region. The Fergana Region has a start time, though the specific date is not provided.
Aminou Bouba is a citizen of Cameroon and began his career with the Cameroon national football team.
Georg Samuel Dörffel is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
In the film "For Your Eyes Only," Michael Gothard plays a character role.
The Medusa Challenger was filmed in Chicago and its original language is English.
Demba Sow is a member of the Mauritania national football team. He started his tenure with the team at a specific start time.
Mapfre Stadium is sponsored by Mapfre, which also determines the start time of events at the stadium.
The Kawasaki KZ200 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine.
Patrick Modeste was born in Grenada and started his career with the Grenada national football team.
Nazarovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, where the start time for this timezone is noted.
Manu Intiraymi is a cast member of "Q2" from Star Trek: Voyager, where he plays a character role.
The Tobu Kameido Line terminates at Hikifune Station and connects with the Tobu Isesaki Line.
Megan Barker is a member of the Drops Cycling Team but has started the process of leaving the team.
In the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Inheritance," Gates McFadden appeared as a cast member, playing a character role.
Essen Zollverein Nord station is located in the Central European Summer Time (CEST) timezone, where CEST is valid during the specified period.
Valeria Miranda is a member of the Mexico women's national football team, where she started her involvement at a specific start time.
Adam Kinzinger served in the Illinois Air National Guard, where he started his service at a specific start time.
The Rocket Record Company was founded by Gus Dudgeon, who had a significant role in the company.
Umegasawa Station is adjacent to Semine Station, with Semine Station located towards the specified direction from Umegasawa Station. \n\nNote: The term "semineStation" seems to be a misinterpretation or typo in the original triples, as it doesn't align well with standard terminology. Assuming the intent was to specify a directional relationship, the sentence reflects this understanding. If "semineStation" was meant to convey additional information, please clarify for a more accurate translation.
Pierre J. Thuot was a crew member on the STS-62 mission.
Christos Palaiologos held the position of Mayor, serving as the mayor of a specific location, although the exact place is not specified in the given information.
Bridie Kean participated in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the women's basketball competition class.
The Cuban Adjustment Act was signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson at a specific point in time.
Aleksander Karapetyan participated in the 1995 World Weightlifting Championships, where he received an award.
Olst railway station was officially closed on 15 May 1936 and its nearest adjacent station is Deventer railway station.
Saint Lucia signed the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
The Studebaker Coupe Express is a truck manufactured by Studebaker.
TSS Hibernia, built in 1899, had a significant event marked by its ceremonial ship launching.
Gambling in Japan is a topic categorized under "Gambling in Japan" and it pertains to the country of Japan.
Otto I, Duke of Bavaria is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
"Little Deuce Coupe" was published in the United States, with its publication date specified within the context of its U.S. release.
Monogram is a monogram artwork created by Robert Rauschenberg.
In the show "Arrow of Time (Numbers)," Alimi Ballard plays a character role.
Jacinto Sanz Blasco is the mayor of Villaseca de Uceda, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Banjarmasin is the capital of South Kalimantan. The term "south Kalimantan" is associated with a starting time, though the specific starting time is not provided in the given information.
Carthaginian II is a ship that was finally assembled in Kiel.
The South Australian Railways East-West Stock was manufactured by South Australian Railways, with the location of its final assembly taking place at the Islington Railway Workshops.
Robert Zimmermann, the painter, is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a statement about him as its subject.
Croy, Switzerland is located in the Jura-Nord vaudois District and its official language is French.
In the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Infinite Regress," Roxann Dawson appears as a cast member and portrays a character role.
In the 1995 TV series adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice," Jennifer Ehle was a cast member who played a character role.
IZOMBIE was created by Mike Allred and is published by Vertigo Comics.
Waldemar Cierpinski participated in the men's marathon at the 1976 Summer Olympics and received an award for his performance.
Pompeo Mignucci held the position of diocesan bishop, overseeing a diocese.
The Tendring District Council elections, which take place in the United Kingdom, are categorized under the main topic of Tendring District Council elections.
Karen Cushman is known for her notable work "Catherine, Called Birdy," and she speaks, writes, and signs in the English language.
Silvia Hindorff participated in the women's artistic team all-around gymnastics event at the 1980 Summer Olympics and received an award for her participation.
Maurice LaMarche is the voice actor for Pinky in the show "Pinky and the Brain," where he also plays a character role.
Knut Holmann participated in the men's K-1 500 metres canoeing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award for his performance.
Susan Haskell stars in the film "Smart House" playing a character role.
Sam Sunderland won the 2017 Dakar Rally.
Maria Luisa Gil Pastor serves as the mayor of Fuente de Santa Cruz, holding the position of head of government for the city.
Francisco Javier Hernández Redero serves as the mayor of Huerta, Salamanca, which is his position as the head of government for this area.
"Anxious Nation" is a work in the English language with its main subject being the history of Australia.
The Lippisch Delta IV is an aircraft model designed by Alexander Lippisch.
The Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission has its headquarters in Riverdale Park, Maryland, which is located on a street in the same area.
"You, Me and the Apocalypse" originally aired on Sky One, which broadcasts in various countries.
FC Kaliakra Kavarna plays in the Second Professional Football League of Bulgaria and their home venue is Kavarna Stadium.
"The Great Friendship" is set in the Caucasus during the period of 1919.
Rishi Reddi was born in Hyderabad, which is a city in India.
"The Wild Wild West" was distributed by Viacom from 1952 to 2006 and its narrative location is set in Los Angeles.
The Ridge Route terminates at Castaic Junction, California, and continues in a specified direction from there.
The North Gloucestershire Combination Junior Cup is a rugby union competition in the sport of rugby union.
The 2016 film "Christine" features Tracy Letts as a cast member and its main subject is Christine Chubbuck.
Japan National Route 302 is a limited-access road within the highway system, specifically part of it.
The South Manitou Island Lighthouse is located on South Manitou Island and is designated as a historic place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Luxembourg contested the office of Member of the European Parliament, with candidates representing various electoral districts.
Rosa Markmann is a Protestant who is married to Gabriel González Videla.
Tamara Tyshkevich received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour and participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nallasopara railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time (IST) time zone and operates within the valid period for Indian Standard Time.
Juanita Millender-McDonald was a teacher by occupation and her employer was a teaching institution.
Blantyre District uses the Malawi Lomwe language and shares a border with Chiradzulu District.
Dan Hamhuis plays in the National Hockey League, where he started his career in a specific start time within the league.
The Nippori-Toneri Liner connects with the Toden Arakawa Line.
Promsvyazbank is an open joint-stock company in the financial services industry.
Google Map Maker, developed by Google, was discontinued on March 31, 2017.
Marnie Hughes-Warrington was educated at Merton College, Oxford, where she obtained an academic degree.
Bundesautobahn 62 terminates at Nonnweiler, with its direction pointing towards Nonnweiler.
Chris Romano is a cast member of the show "How I Met Your Mother," where he plays a character role.
The miniseries "Tin Man" was produced by Sonar Entertainment and is in the English language.
"There Goes My Girl" was directed by Nicholas Musuraca as the director of photography and edited by Desmond Marquette as the film editor.
In "A Time to Stand," Avery Brooks is a cast member who plays a character role.
The Ongudaysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
Harichavank Monastery is part of the Armenian Apostolic Church and belongs to the Diocese of Shirak.
John Joseph Boardman held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
John Rooney held the position of titular bishop, which is associated with a titular diocese.
Vladimir Artemov participated in the men's artistic individual all-around gymnastics event at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
At the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, Marie Ortal Malka was a participant. The entry depicted Marie Ortal Malka.
The Metric Conversion Act was signed by President Gerald Ford at a specific point in time.
Felix Ehrenhaft was a doctoral student of Walter Thirring at a certain point in time.
The Ducati 851 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.
Mourad El Mabrouk participated in the men's basketball competition at AfroBasket 2013.
"The Spirit of Eternal Repose" is a sculpture created by Auguste Rodin.
Nechlin station is adjacent to the Prenzlau railway station and is served by the RE 3 connecting service.
Cape Bonavista Light is a provincial historic site built using lumber.
Marian Buczek held the position of Auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Mike Brkovich was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks at a specific point in time.
In "The Big Lebowski," David Huddleston plays a character role.
Scott Bakula is a cast member of Babel One, where he plays a character role.
The Soyuz-U, manufactured by the Progress Rocket Space Centre, had its first flight on 18 May 1973.
Smack is a Linux Security Module licensed under the GNU General Public License.
In "The Trouble with Tribbles," Nichelle Nichols is a cast member who plays a character role.
Posadowice is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
Robert Beltran is a cast member of "The Chute," where he plays a character role.
Levinus Hulsius is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which includes a biographical statement about him.
"Cabin Boy" features Colleen Atwood as the costume designer and includes Ann Magnuson as part of its cast.
Barbados signed the Berne Convention, which is an international agreement for the protection of literary and artistic works.
Luiz Gustavo participated in the 2008--09 Bundesliga as a member of a sports team.
Talgat Musabayev was a crew member on Soyuz TM-19, holding a position within the mission.
In the TV series Nikita, Tiffany Hines plays a character role.
Derrick O'Connor is a cast member of the TV series "Alias," where he plays a character role.
Dennis Weatherby is an African American who works at the University of Notre Dame.
The Kuleana Act of 1850 is a piece of legislation that applies to the jurisdiction of Hawaii.
Francisca Iglesias Salgado serves as the mayor of Plasenzuela, holding the position of head of government for the municipality.
Carlyle Mitchell participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of his sports team.
Cleopatra's Wedge is a public art installation made from weathering steel.
Acorn Park is significantly associated with Elizabeth Blair Lee, who had a notable role there.
House Ordos is a fictional noble family from the Dune universe.
"A River Changes Course" is a film directed by Kalyanee Mam, and it was originally produced in the Khmer language.
Beihu railway station is located in the Time in Taiwan time zone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Grigoriy Lvovitch Bondarevsky was born in Odessa, which is a city in Ukraine (assuming "country" refers to Ukraine, as Odessa is known for being part of Ukraine).
"The Concorde ... Airport '79" is a film directed by photography with Philip H. Lathrop and features Cicely Tyson as a cast member. \n\nTo make it more fluent:\nThe film "Concorde ... Airport '79" was shot with Philip H. Lathrop as the director of photography and includes Cicely Tyson in its cast.
Kuromatsunai Station is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company, which applies to a specific part of its operations there.
Chak Rakhwal railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates on Indian Standard Time during its valid period.
G.D. Interclube, which plays its home games at Estádio Joaquim Dinis, is coached by Bernardino Pedroto.
Yekaterina Abramova competed in speed skating and received an award in the women's team pursuit event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Johannes Burman was born in Amsterdam, which is in the Netherlands.
Indian Hunter is a sculpture created by John Quincy Adams Ward.
In the film "Selma," Carmen Ejogo plays a character role.
Petrovsky Stadium was officially opened on July 26, 1925, and it underwent a significant reconstruction event.
Super Bowl XLIV was won by the New Orleans Saints, with the Indianapolis Colts also participating in the game.
South Carolina's official color is indigo, which has been associated with the state for a long time.
John Bokyngham held the position of diocesan bishop and was the bishop of a diocese.
In the TV series "Revenge," Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa plays a character role as a cast member.
F. Trubee Davison is related to Artemus Gates through a type of kinship relationship.
In the 2014 TV series "The Flash," Tom Felton appears as a cast member, playing a character role.
Sven Authorsen, whose first name is Sven, is a business or sports partner of Yvonne Schulz.
The Ongudaysky District is located in the Omsk Time zone, which has a specific end time.
Kamel Sajid holds the rank of lieutenant general in the Iraqi Army.
Amanda Weir participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she received an award.
Spantax Flight 275, operated by a Convair 990 Coronado, was located at Tenerife North Airport.
"Bachelor Party Vegas," distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, features Lin Shaye as a cast member.
The Autostrada A3 in Italy is maintained by Autostrade Meridionali and has its terminus in Naples.
The ONDAR Show was filmed at the Moulin Rouge and the original language of the show is French.
In the TV show "La que se avecina," Pablo Chiapella is a cast member who plays a character role.
Kenny Tete participated in the 2016-17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round as a member of his sports team.
Takefusa Kubo participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of his sports team.
"Ballastny Kuryer" is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, where the start time is indicated.
Peter Cehlárik began his career in the National Hockey League.
Aliy Zirkle resides in Alaska and is known for starting at a specific time related to her activities there. However, the second triple seems a bit ambiguous; if it means Aliy Zirkle's starting time in the context of an event in Alaska, it could be more clearly stated. Assuming it refers to a notable starting time associated with her, the description can be:\n\nAliy Zirkle resides in Alaska and is known for starting an event at a specific time there.
Mark de Jonge participated in the men's K-1 200 metres canoeing event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and received an award for his performance.
Car2go is a GmbH (a German limited liability company) and its parent organization is Daimler AG.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is affiliated with the University of London. It became part of the University of London at a specific start time.
In "The Saint's Return," Charles Victor is a cast member who plays a character role.
Maria Concepcion Hernandez Vicente is the mayor of Mogarraz, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Charles Bernstein was born in New York City, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Wincentów in Piaseczno County is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone, where this time zone is valid.
In the production "Le Masque de fer," Jean Davy plays a character role.
Pere Tena Garriga held the position of Auxiliary Bishop in a diocese.
DKP Log Parser is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Johannes Voorhout is described in the "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie," which features him as a subject of its entries.
Grace and Frankie is an English-language television show created by Marta Kauffman.
The Spratly Islands are located in the UTC +07:00 time zone, with this time zone applying to only a part of the islands.
Aull, Germany is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
The band Sigh is signed to The End Records, and Junichi Harashima is a member of the band.
Juma Darwish Al-Mashari was born in Oman and started his career with the Oman national football team.
Kolia Litscher's mother is Catherine Belkhodja, and he has a sibling named Jowan Le Besco.
Roy Kim started his work period in 2012 and plays the guitar.
Brian Hill is a human who played in the National Hockey League.
Andres Alonso Casquero is the mayor of Cerecinos de Campos, serving as the head of government for the municipality.
Shapingba District is twinned with the Innere Stadt, which refers to the start time of some related event or relationship involving Shapingba District and Innere Stadt. However, the term "innereStadt" seems out of context here; if it was meant to provide additional information about the twin relationship or a specific start time, it could be clarified further. Assuming "start time" is the key detail, we can say:\n\nShapingba District is twinned with the Innere Stadt, and the twinning relationship began at a certain start time.
Tsushima Airport has a scheduled service destination at Fukuoka Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Wanshoulu station on the Xi'an Metro is adjacent to Tonghuamen station, which it connects to in one direction.
Ruth Dombey is the leader of the Sutton borough council and serves as the head of government for the London Borough of Sutton.
Bob Kuhn held the position of Mayor, serving as the mayor of a particular place, though the specific location is not provided in the given information.
Ponghak Station is located in the time zone for North Korea, where the current time is valid within its specified period.
The Ivory Ape, which features Cindy Pickett as a cast member, was distributed by the American Broadcasting Company.
José Milla y Vidaurre was born in Guatemala City, which is in Guatemala.
Tony Anselmo was an animator for the film "Oliver & Company" and had a specific role in its production.
Robert Moreno is the coach of the Spain national football team, having started in the role at a specified time.
"Cheap Thrills" is a song performed by Sean Paul, who has a prominent role in the song.
Kota Bharu railway station is located in the Time in Malaysia timezone, where this time is valid during a specific period.
Towngas China is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, where it began trading at a specific start time.
Chhinnapatra was translated into another language by Tridip Suhrud.
The Galitzin Triptych is made using canvas, with canvas being a material used for at least part of the triptych.
Sam Carrick began his National Hockey League career when he started playing in the league.
The sphenopalatine foramen is a cranial conduit described in Gray's Anatomy, 20th edition.
Junta de Villalba de Losa is twinned with Santa Fe, Argentina. The twinning relationship between them started at some specified time.
Seiran Khatlamadjian resides in Yerevan, where he started living at a certain point in time.
Juan Dominguez Palermo resides in Buenos Aires, where he started living at a certain point in time.
Soleil Moon Frye was born in Glendora, California, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Keitha Adams is the head coach of the Wichita State Shockers women's basketball team, and she started in this role at a specific start time.
In "Inspector Gadget 2," D.L. Hughley plays a character role.
Balrampur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and operates according to Indian Standard Time, which is valid during its operational period.
Dmitry Malyshko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award there.
Shido Station is adjacent to Orange Town Station, with Orange Town Station located towards it.
Natassia Malthe is a cast member in the movie "BloodRayne 2: Deliverance," where she plays a character role.
In the animated film "Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker," Angie Harmon is a cast member who voices a character role.
Igor Khankeyev was born in Omsk, which is a city in Russia.
Ogden Point serves as a transport hub for Victoria, British Columbia, and it is operated by Helijet.
Bradley International Airport offers scheduled service to Edinburgh Airport, which is operated by another entity.
Flintholm Station is located in the Central European Time zone, where Central European Time is valid.
The Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto was manufactured by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico and had its home port in Taranto.
Dorothy Marshall held the position of councillor for an electoral district.
Valeriy Kriventsov was born in Donetsk, which is in Ukraine (implied from "Donetsk country" though the country name is not explicitly provided in the triples).
Jellyfish.com is an e-commerce company that is part of Microsoft's organization.
Jan Davis was a crew member on the STS-60 mission.
Cate Campbell participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
In the film "The Story of Joanna," Jamie Gillis has a role as a cast member.
Audrey Dufeu-Schubert earned her academic degree from Jean Moulin University Lyon 3.
Sokor is located in the Moscow Time zone, where the description "end time" likely refers to the ending time of a specific event or period within that time zone. However, for clarity and fluency, we can rephrase it slightly:\n\nSokor is located in the Moscow Time zone, and the mention of "end time" could refer to the conclusion of a particular event within this time zone.
Buenos Aires uses South Bolivian Quechua as one of its languages and contains the administrative territorial entity known as Comuna 13.
Marilyn Anderson was educated at the University of Melbourne, where she obtained an academic degree.
Talossa is a constitutional monarchy with Robert Ben Madison as its head of state.
Monika Cassens, who participated in the women's singles event of the 1966/1967 GDR Junior Badminton Championships, is married to Claus Cassens.
In the film "Sins of Jezebel," George Nader is a cast member who plays a character role.
N.T. Rama Rao played a character role in the film "Thodu Needa."
Ahna O'Reilly was born in Palo Alto, California, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
The ARP String Synthesizer is a musical instrument model manufactured by ARP Instruments.
Little Rock is the capital of Arkansas, and it marks the starting point for the state in some contexts.
Herman Joseph Alerding held the position of diocesan bishop for a diocese.
Suling Wang is represented by the Victoria Miro Gallery, which has a role in representing her.
Idaho State Highway 167 runs through part of Elmore County, Idaho.
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra Foundation, an organization founded in 1981, is headquartered in Tel Aviv.
Atomic Antelope is a video game developer that was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in London. They operate in the publishing industry.
Stephen Jay Gould was educated at Antioch College, where he completed his academic major and earned his degree.
Metro Santa Cruz is a tabloid-format newspaper that was founded in 1994 and is owned by Metro Newspapers.
Eckener Point is a headland located in Antarctica within the Antarctic Treaty area and is claimed by Argentina.
The Prairies and Pineywoods Wildlife Trail is a protected area located in Texas, United States, and it offers views of the Sam Houston National Forest.
My Hero Academia is a Japanese shōnen manga published in Japan by Tong Li Publishing and in Italy by Star Comics.
Kotsiubynske is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, listed as part of the Kiev Oblast but situated within the city of Kiev.
The Midland Railway 700 Class was operated by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane, with its involvement starting at a certain start time and ending at a certain end time.
Andrew Corporation, a business based in the United States, was founded in 1937 and has its headquarters in Westchester, Illinois.
The Bentley BR1 is a rotary aircraft engine that was manufactured by Humber Limited and designed by W.O. Bentley.
Eric Betzig received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry at a specific point in time, which he shared with other recipients.
Swan Valley Anglican Community School, a high school located in Western Australia, Australia, was established in 2006.
Sir Martin, a male horse born in the United States on January 1, 1906, has Ogden as his father.
Thacher Montessori School is a school located in Massachusetts, United States, and it was founded in 1971.
Durgapur railway station, located in Durgapur, was officially opened in 1855 and operates on the Bardhaman-Asansol section of the railway line under the Asansol railway division.
The Melbourne Hunt Club, an organization founded in 1853, is based in Australia and is known for fox hunting.
Disney Channel in Romania, which began broadcasting in 2005, is a television station that operates in the Romanian language.
Curly Sue was filmed in Chicago, with Jeffrey L. Kimball as the director of photography, and featured Fred Thompson and Edie McClurg in its cast.
Apenheul Primate Park, a zoo located in the Netherlands, was established in 1971 and is a member of The Lemur Conservation Association.
The Goncourt Journal is a diary authored by both Edmond de Goncourt and Jules de Goncourt, serving as a creative work.
West Hallam railway station is a train station named after West Hallam and is located in the Borough of Erewash, United Kingdom.
Richwoods High School, located in Illinois, United States, was established in 1957 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
ETV, a television channel based in India, was launched on January 1, 1995, and is owned by Ramoji Rao.
Jeongja station is adjacent to Sunae station and is connected to it via a line that starts at a specific time and runs in a particular direction.
Holy Family Catholic School in Keighley, United Kingdom, was founded in 1965 and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Keighley.
Robert Dennis is a human who competes in the sport of athletics. His full name is Robert Dennis.
Jerusalem Mill Village is a historic district located in Maryland, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Rags" is a musical theatre production with music composed by Charles Strouse, lyrics by Stephen Schwartz, and a libretto written by Joseph Stein.
Talen Energy Stadium, designed by Rossetti Architects and officially opened on June 27, 2010, is home to Bethlehem Steel FC and hosts association football matches.
The Cessna 402 is an aircraft in the Cessna family, manufactured in the United States by Cessna, and it is based on the Cessna 411.
"The Love Anthem," a song published on December 27, 2011, is recorded under Sony Music and performed by Silambarasan.
Salim Kerkar is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Charlton Athletic F.C.
The Journal of Child Language, published in the English language, was founded on May 1, 1974, and is an instance of a scientific journal published by Cambridge University Press.
KATK (AM) is a radio station that began operating in 1983 and is located in New Mexico, United States.
The Florida Board of Regents was established in 1965 and is based in Tallahassee, Florida, United States. However, it should be noted that the Florida Board of Regents is not an instance of a university but rather a governing body for higher education institutions. If there's a specific focus on the nature of its role or any correction needed regarding "instanceOf," please clarify. Assuming the intended meaning, a more accurate representation would be:\n\nThe Florida Board of Regents, established in 1965, is a governing body located in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.
Ben Coad is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
The Carpet Frogs, a rock and roll band from Canada, were formed in 1994.
Stow Longa is a village and civil parish located in Huntingdonshire, United Kingdom.
Crombie Street District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
West Fargo High School is a high school located in West Fargo, North Dakota, United States, and it is part of the West Fargo Public Schools district.
Besalampy District is a district in the Melaky region of Madagascar, with its capital being Besalampy. It is an example of one of the districts of Madagascar.
Brass Monkey is a musical ensemble based in England, signed to Topic Records, and features John Kirkpatrick as a member.
The Library Services and Technology Act, an Act of Congress in the United States, was signed by Bill Clinton as part of the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act of 1997.
Estádio Brinco de Ouro is operated by Guarani FC, which manages the start time of events at the stadium.
The Embassy of Russia in Ottawa is an embassy located in Ottawa, Canada, and it operates on behalf of Russia.
Kubusia Puchatka Street, named after Winnie-the-Pooh, is a street located in Warsaw, Poland.
Fort Kaministiquia was established as a fort in Ontario, Canada, in 1717.
Windham Village Historic District is a historic district located in Windham, Vermont, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Alabama School of Fine Arts, a high school located in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, was founded in 1971.
Fort Montgomery, located in Highlands, New York, United States, is a fort designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Mercyhurst Lakers men's ice hockey team is part of the Mercyhurst Lakers and is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Ellerbe Becket, an architectural firm founded in 1909, is headquartered in Minneapolis and is now part of AECOM.
Samasource is a nonprofit organization headquartered in San Francisco, where it was founded by Leila Janah.
Lindsay High School, located in Lindsay, Cooke County, Texas, is part of the Lindsay Independent School District in the United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Canning Highway is a road located in Western Australia, Australia, and it was established in 1920.
Coniston Hall is a Grade II* listed English country house located in South Lakeland, United Kingdom.
Yana Uqhu (Oyón) is a mountain located in Peru and is part of the Andes mountain range.
Sport Club Penedense, an association football club based in Brazil, was founded on January 1, 1909, and participates in association football.
Keerampara is a village located in the Ernakulam district of India.
Sandwell Provincial Park, a provincial park in Canada, was established in 1988 and is located in the Regional District of Nanaimo, Canada.
Dahan Institute of Technology, a college located in Xincheng, Hualien, Taiwan, was established in 1977.
The 1957 French film "Three Sailors" was directed by photography by Marc Fossard and features Henri Génès and Jean Murat in its cast.
Tree Island is an island located in the South China Sea and is part of the Amphitrite Group. It is situated in Chinese waters.
Don Bosco College in Canlubang, Philippines, was established in 1963 and is located in Calamba, Laguna. It is an educational institution categorized as a university.
Roland Dervishi is a member of the sports team KF Elbasani, where he started at a certain time, ended at another time, and was acquired through a specific transaction.
The Cosman Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Turner--LaRowe House, located in Virginia, United States, is a historic house that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ciprian Brata is a member of the SR Brașov sports team, where he was acquired through an acquisition transaction and has a defined start and end time for his tenure.
The Kiski School is a school located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it was founded in 1888.
Deco Labels is a company that was founded in 1962 and is based in Canada.
The East Waterford Lumber Company is a business based in the United States with headquarters in Philadelphia. It also operated as a railway.
Tokyo Marble Chocolate is a Japanese romance anime and manga film that was published on January 1, 2009.
Second Story Press is a Canadian publisher that was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Toronto.
René Sterckx is a member of the sports team S.V. Zulte Waregem, where he started at a certain time, ended at another time, and was acquired through a specific transaction.
"L'âge de la traduction" is a book written by Antoine Berman and published in 2008. The work is in the French language.
The Philippine National Oil Company, a business in the petroleum industry, was established on November 9, 1973, and its headquarters are located in Taguig.
Abdoul Coulibaly is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team RSU F.C., and his given name is Abdoul.
Kristiyan Kitov, a human, is a midfielder who plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II.
Ridley Inc., a business headquartered in Mankato, Minnesota, is a subsidiary of Alltech and its stocks are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Kangazha is a human settlement and a village located in the Kottayam district of India.
Geelong West St Peters Football Club, an Australian rules football club in Australia, was founded on January 1, 1878.
Marie Christine is a musical theatre production composed, with lyrics and libretto by Michael John LaChiusa.
WKEX, a radio station in the United States, was established on January 1, 1969, and is located in Virginia.
The Petorca River is a river in Chile that flows into the Pacific Ocean, with its drainage basin being the Petorca Basin.
Cristina Dinu, a human, resides in Bucharest and is a member of the Romania Fed Cup team.
Infant Annihilator is a deathcore band from Kingston upon Hull, United Kingdom, with origins in the United States.
St. Johnsbury Academy, founded in 1842, is a boarding school located in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, United States.
"Beyond the Axis of Truth" is a television show originating from Singapore, broadcast on Channel 8, and distributed by Mediacorp.
"Big City Tour Live" is a live album performed by Billy Crawford and was published on Universal Music Group in 2005.
"The Internal Enemy" is a book written by historian Alan Taylor and published on January 1, 2013, in the United States.
Guisborough railway station is a train station located in Guisborough, which is an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom. The station is named after the town of Guisborough.
The Ross Tiger is a ship from the United Kingdom that is owned by the Ross Group and is used as a museum ship.
The JNR Class EF65 is a locomotive class that belongs to the subclass of electric locomotives. It was operated by Japanese National Railways and manufactured by Fuji Electric.
The Crawford Art Gallery is an art museum located in Cork, Republic of Ireland. It was established in 1979.
The Jasper Yeates House, located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States, is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
SHoP Architects, an architectural firm based in the United States, was founded in 1996 and is known for its notable work on the Barclays Center.
MODUL University Dubai, established in 2016, is a university located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 1994 All England Open Badminton Championships, held at the Arena Birmingham in Birmingham, included the Women's singles competition as part of its open championship format.
Road Commission Airport is an airport located in Alaska, United States, and it serves the Denali Borough.
Bogra Sadar Upazila is an upazila located in the Bogra District of Bangladesh, with its capital being the city of Bogra.
"My Dad Is Scrooge" is a Canadian film originally in the English language, distributed by MarVista Entertainment, and features Jon Heder as a cast member.
KSGN is a radio station located in California, United States, and it was established on January 1, 1970.
Bosundhora is a drama film and television show produced by Subhash Dutta, originally in the Bengali language and originating from Bangladesh.
Bill Bourke was educated at the University of Melbourne, where he obtained an academic degree.
Ridgeview Public Library is a public library located in North Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Graduation Ridge is a ridge located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the Usarp Mountains on the continent of Antarctica.
KCNY is a radio station that began operating in 2002 and is located in Arkansas, United States.
Fort H.G. Wright, a fort in the United States, was established in 1898 and is located in Southold, New York.
The Narrabeen Man is a fossilized human skeleton found in New South Wales, Australia.
BA Systems, a business that was established in 2005, is headquartered in Bangalore and produces networking hardware.
Milson Island is a river island located in the Hawkesbury River and situated in New South Wales, Australia.
Lifeline, a crisis support organization founded in Australia on 16 March 1963 by Alan Walker, a theologian, provides crucial support services to those in need.
Tom Schueller, a member of the Iowa Democratic Party and a human who speaks English, is known by the given name Tom.
Tuxtla Chico is a municipality and the capital of the town of Tuxtla Chico, located in the state of Chiapas, Mexico.
Hadnall is a village and civil parish located in Shropshire, United Kingdom.
Inglesby is an architectural structure designed by Harold Desbrowe-Annear and is located in Victoria, Australia.
UFC 77 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
The Iranian Volleyball Super League, a sports festival for volleyball in Iran, was established in 1975.
The Adelphi Panthers represent Adelphi University and are a university and college sports club based in the United States. Their main category is listed under the Adelphi Panthers.
The American Women's Voluntary Services, an organization based in the United States, was established in 1940 and ceased operations in 1968.
Hell Raiders is a film originating from the United States, distributed by American International Pictures, and produced entirely in the English language.
Ivan Markovski is a human who plays ice hockey as a defenceman.
Colasay District is a district in Jaén Province, Peru, and it is part of the administrative territorial entities of Peru. It shares a border with the Santa Cruz District in Cutervo.
The Doraemons is a Japanese manga series that primarily focuses on children's anime and manga, with a genre specifically centered around comedy.
Interrogate is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom that was formed in 1999.
The Xerox Classic is a golf tournament that began in 2005 and is held in the United States.
Bryan's Store is a commercial building located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Douglas A. Boyd, a human, was educated at Denison University. His given name is Douglas and his family name is Boyd.
Boondooma Dam is a dam located in Australia on the Boyne River in the Wide Bay-Burnett region. It creates Lake Boondooma as its reservoir.
"Fine Weather, Georgian Bay" is a landscape painting created by J.E.H. MacDonald, which depicts Georgian Bay on a canvas.
The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Wisconsin, United States, and it falls under IUCN category Ib, which designates it as a protected wilderness area.
Hansung Science High School, located in Seoul, South Korea, was established in 1992 and is an institution akin to a high school found in North America.
Rakie Ayola is a human citizen of Wales who was educated at the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama and is married to Adam Smethurst.
Maktar is a municipality located in the Siliana Governorate of Tunisia, and its main category is listed under Category:Maktar.
Pavel Lovgach is a member of the sports team FC Smorgon, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, and his tenure with the team spans a defined start and end time.
Yunnan Normal University Business School, established in 2000, is a university located in Kunming, China.
St Aloysius College, Highgate is a Catholic school located in Highgate and follows the Roman Catholic faith under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster.
Michael Goonan, a human, is a member of the Tipperary Senior Football Team and has the given name Michael and the family name Goonan.
Mount Pleasant Township in Wayne County, Pennsylvania, was established on June 1789 and is an example of a township in Pennsylvania, located within Wayne County, in the United States.
The National Basketball League in the Czech Republic, which was established in 1993, is a sports league dedicated to basketball in the Czech Republic.
Takalarup is a town located in both the Shire of Plantagenet and Western Australia, which is part of Australia.
Reimar Schefold worked at Leiden University, where he held a position starting at a certain time and was part of the institution.
"Experience," a reggae album performed by Lincoln Thompson, was published in 1979.
The Outer Circle Trail is a rail trail in Victoria, Australia, named after the historic Outer Circle railway line.
Traveling Vineyard, a company legally established as a company, was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
The Tmu-na Theater, a theater structure located in Tel Aviv, Israel, was established in 1987.
Bridges Academy, a college-preparatory school, was founded in 1994 and is located in California, United States.
Jim Wiemer was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres and has been a member of the New York Rangers and the Peterborough Petes, playing as a defenceman.
The Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences, part of the University of Pittsburgh, was established in 1787 and is located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Anduki Airfield is an airport located in Seria, Brunei, and it is operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
Worcester Wanderers, a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1871, and competes in the sport of rugby union.
"It's a Long Way to Tipperary" is an English-language song composed by Jack Judge and famously performed by singer Billy Murray.
The United States lightship Nantucket II (WLV-613) is a ship that was operated by the United States Navy and is now used as a museum ship in the United States.
DFDS Seaways France, a business owned by DFDS, was established in 2012 and has its headquarters in Dunkirk.
The Polish Telegraphic Agency, a news agency, was established in 1918 during the Second Polish Republic and was dissolved in 1939.
The Bryn Gwyn stones are a stone circle and a scheduled monument located in the Isle of Anglesey, United Kingdom.
St Thomas School in Kalyan, India, was established in the year 2000 and is located in the state of Maharashtra.
Thale Musestieg station, a train station in Germany operated by DB Station&Service, was inaugurated on January 1, 2001.
Excelsior Rugby Club is a rugby union sports team based in New Zealand.
Borodulikha District is a district in the East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan, established on January 17, 1928.
Edward Rhodes Carswell, a human, works in Atlanta and speaks, writes, or signs in the English language.
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a band formed in Copenhagen that plays pop and grunge music. Mette Lindberg is a member of the band.
SUSE Linux Enterprise is a Linux distribution that is part of the Linux family, developed by SUSE and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
The Emerald Warriors RFC was founded in 2003 and is a rugby union team that competes in the sport of rugby union.
Gemma Gili, a human and midfielder, is a member of the Levante UD Femenino sports team.
"Fleetwood" is a novel written in the English language by William Godwin, and it is an instance of a literary work.
Existential Psychotherapy is a book written by Irvin D. Yalom and published in 1980. It is written in the English language.
Baseball was part of the sport competition at the 1981 World Games, which took place in the United States. This multi-sport event featured baseball as one of its sports during that year.
"The Secret" is a science fiction short story written by Arthur C. Clarke and published on August 11, 1963.
The Ramlösa Open is a golf tournament that began in 1987 and is held in Sweden.
Motor Trader Magazine, an automobile magazine originating from Malaysia, was first published in January 1998.
"Silence of the Heart" is an English-language television show originally aired on CBS, distributed by CBS, and photographed by director of photography Isidore Mankofsky.
Shaheed Bulu Stadium is a stadium located in Noakhali District, Bangladesh, and it is owned by the National Sports Council.
Rishworth railway station, named after Rishworth, is a train station located in Calderdale, United Kingdom.
Commercial Street in London is a street located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom, and it connects with Hanbury Street.
"Burning Fight" is a cooperative gameplay game developed and published by SNK for the Neo Geo system.
Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is a locality in Mexico, serving as the capital of the Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos Municipality, where it is also located administratively.
Clinique, founded by Evelyn Lauder and formed in New York City, is a skincare brand under the Estée Lauder Companies, known for producing lotions.
"Sonic's Rendezvous Band" is a hard rock compilation album performed by the Sonic's Rendezvous Band and was published in 2006.
Morning Express is a television show that originated in Singapore in 1995, with its original language being Chinese.
"Busy Monsters," a science fiction novel authored by William Giraldi, was published on January 1, 2011.
Middleburg Plantation, located in South Carolina, United States, is a plantation that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Montenegrin Second League of Women's Handball is a sports league in Montenegro that falls under the category of women's sports and features the sport of handball.
"Angel's Frypan" is a manga series authored by Etsushi Ogawa, which focuses on cooking and is categorized as children's anime and manga.
The Revention Music Center is a venue located in Texas, United States, and it is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Veggie Pride is a food festival that started in 2001 and is held in Paris, France.
WCHM is a radio station that began operations in 1992 and is located in Georgia, United States.
Group Home is a musical duo from New York City, formed in the United States. They perform in the alternative hip hop genre.
Tapton House is a Grade II* listed English country house located in the United Kingdom and was occupied by George Stephenson.
The French Confession of Faith, authored by John Calvin and written in the French language, is an instance of Reformed confessions of faith and was published in Paris.
The bean machine, named after and invented by Francis Galton, is an artificial physical object that was introduced in 1873.
Acacia is a pop music band from the United Kingdom, and they are signed to Radar Records.
Roanoke Rapids is a city located in Halifax County, North Carolina, in the United States. It is categorized under the main category "Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina."
The Moppy River is a river located in New South Wales, Australia, and it flows into the Barrington River.
Theodoros Katsiaris is a member of the sports team Onisilos Sotira. He joined the team through an acquisition transaction, with his membership starting at a certain start time and ending at a specific end time.
West of Fifty Lower Falls is a waterfall located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Roosevelt College Marikina, a school that originated in 1933, is located in Cainta, Philippines, although its connection to the United States suggests it may have American educational roots or affiliations.
Commins is a village located in Denbighshire, United Kingdom.
The Tioga Hotel is a historic hotel located in California, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jet Link Holland, an airline based in the Netherlands, was established in 1998 but ceased operations in 2000.
Yamagola is an Indian film produced by Vauhini Studios, featuring Nirmalamma and Rao Gopal Rao in its cast.
Veliky Ustyug is located in the Velikoustyugsky District, which itself is an administrative territorial entity. However, the specific start and end times for the district are not provided.
Pyatnitskoye Cemetery in Kaluga, Russia, was established in 1780 and serves as a cemetery within the administrative territorial entity of Kaluga.
Pinegrove Memorial Park, a cemetery in New South Wales, Australia, was established in 1962.
Robert McKew, a human, was educated at Trinity College Dublin and has the family name McKew.
"The Exploding Girl" is a film originating from the United States, with its narrative set in New York City. It was distributed by Oscilloscope and produced in the English language.
"Anacalypsis" is a written work authored by Godfrey Higgins and published in 1833. It is written in the English language.
Pop Unknown is an emo musical ensemble from the United States, recorded under the label Deep Elm Records.
Vicky the Viking is a Japanese animated series created by Nippon Animation, which was produced in the German language and ended on April 8, 1976.
The Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League, a sports league in Canada, was founded in 1965 and focuses on ice hockey.
The Canada Building in Saskatoon, an instance of a building located in Saskatchewan, Canada, was built in 1913.
The Philippine Olympic Committee, which was established in 1911, is a National Olympic Committee headquartered in Pasig, Philippines. It represents the country in the Olympic movement.
The Westover Historic District is a historic district located in Arlington County, Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
CD Valdivia is a basketball team that was founded on January 1, 1986, in Chile.
Saltwood and Shorncliffe is a historic site located in Queensland, Australia, and it is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
James Michel held the position of Vice-President of Seychelles, serving from a start time to an end time when he was replaced by another individual.
The Florida Times-Union is an English-language newspaper published in broadsheet format in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
East India DLR station is adjacent to Canning Town station and is connected to it via a line that runs towards Canning Town.
The Sand Band, an indie folk band formed in Liverpool, was founded in 2009.
Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College, founded on January 1, 1878, is a college located in Tosu, Saga, Japan.
Holy Cross Cemetery, located in Colma, California, United States, is a cemetery that was established in 1887.
Cuco Valoy is a human who plays the guitar and specializes in the Son cubano genre. He has received the Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Dhahar is a human settlement located in the Badhan District of Somalia. It is distinct from any other place also named Dhahar.
The City of Clarence is a local government area located in Tasmania, Australia, and it includes the administrative territorial entity of South Arm, Tasmania.
Choi Wan South is a council constituency in the Wong Tai Sin District of Hong Kong, China, which was established in 1999.
Portage Lakes State Park is an Ohio state park located in Ohio, United States. The park was established on January 1, 1949.
Whaler's Monument is a monument located in Sandefjord, Norway, and it was created by Knut Steen.
Scarlet is a Japanese television drama originally written by Fumie Mizuhashi, produced in Japan, and originally aired in the Japanese language.
Glassell Park Elementary School is a school building located in California, United States, and it is historically significant as it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Finedon railway station is a train station located in Isham, United Kingdom, and it is named after the town of Finedon.
Geoffrey Thomas Barnes is a human who was educated at Dover College and held the position of Secretary for Security. He speaks, writes, and signs the English language.
The Russian State Scientific Center for Robotics and Technical Cybernetics is a facility that was established on January 1, 1965, and is located in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The 1998 Belgian Cup Final, which took place on May 16, 1998, at the King Baudouin Stadium, was won by K.R.C. Genk, who were one of the participating teams.
Oakmere House is a Grade II listed building located in Hertsmere, United Kingdom, and it is an instance of a house.
The Lenoir Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in North Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Scottish Public Pensions Agency, a government agency in the United Kingdom, was established in 1993 and applies to the jurisdiction of Scotland.
Mjölby AI FF is an association football club that was founded in 1912 and is based in Sweden.
Richard Touko is a human who plays as a defender for the Cameroon national football team.
The ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release is an award presented in Australia as part of the ARIA Music Awards. It was first introduced in 1987.
The South Somerset Hydropower Group is a business based in the United Kingdom, specializing in hydroelectricity, with its headquarters located in South Somerset.
"Kronk's New Groove" is a comedy film produced by Disneytoon Studios and distributed by InterCom. The original language of the film is English.
"Intentional Talk" is a television show that originated in the United States and first aired on the MLB Network on April 4, 2011.
Mount Aureol is an association football club based in Sierra Leone that plays in the Sierra Leone National Premier League.
The Mahasu Devta Temple, located in the Dehradun district of India, is a temple designated as a Monument of National Importance.
DPS International School Singapore, an international school, was founded on April 19, 2004, and is located in Singapore.
The 2001 FIBA SuproLeague Final Four was a basketball competition held in France as part of the 2000-2001 season.
IMG College was founded in 2007 and is a business based in the United States, operating under the parent organization IMG.
Leighfield is a village and civil parish located in Rutland, United Kingdom.
KFEL is a radio station that began operations in 1971 and is located in Colorado, United States.
The SNCF Class Y 8400 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive, belonging to the SNCF locomotive class operated by SNCF and manufactured by Arbel Fauvet Rail.
Int'Air Îles is an airline that was established in 2007 and operates out of the Comoros, with its main hub at Ouani Airport.
St Helens Airport is an airport located in Tasmania, Australia, and it is operated by the Break O'Day Council.
Bapatla Engineering College is an engineering school located in Andhra Pradesh, India, and was established in 1962.
Marlboro High School, located in New York State, United States, was founded in 1967 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Drummers Focus is a school that was founded in 1982 and is located in Bavaria, Germany.
The Pennington Railroad Station, located in Pennington, New Jersey, United States, is a train station that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Himeji Hinomoto College, a junior college located in Himeji, Japan, was established in 1893.
Riyad Bank, a business based in Saudi Arabia, was established in 1957 and has its headquarters in Riyadh.
Anopina ednana is a species named after Edna Libby Beutenmüller and is a taxon within the genus Anopina.
The economy of Lithuania is a national economy located in Lithuania, using the Lithuanian litas as its currency.
Gerard Clarke is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Victoria cricket team. His given name is Gerard.
The T.R. Kelly House is a historic house located in Utah, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
RPS Inter College, founded in 1947, is a school located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Landsborough Highway is a road located in Queensland, Australia, with its terminus in Morven, Queensland.
Knightdale High School is a high school located in Knightdale, North Carolina, which is part of the Wake County Public School System in the United States.
Saint Petersburg State University is located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, and is situated on a street within the city's administrative territorial entity.
Nha San Collective, an art museum located in Hanoi, Vietnam, was established in 1998.
WFOB is a radio station located in Ohio, United States, and it was established on January 1, 1948.
DundeeWealth, a public company, was established in 1998 and has its headquarters in Toronto.
Gindokhar is a village located in Haryana, India, and it shares a border with Bawal.
Sarah Jezebel Deva is a human who performs classical music as a vocalist and is a member of the group Angtoria.
Sacha Baron Cohen received the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his performance in a character role at a specific point in time.
Wierzeja is a village located in Gmina Duszniki, Poland.
Santa Cruz das Flores is a parish, or Freguesia, in Portugal that was established in 1508. It is located in the administrative territorial entity of Santa Cruz das Flores.
Brighton Place station is a metro station located in Cincinnati, United States, and it is connected to the Cincinnati Subway.
Cherry Boom is an alternative rock band formed in Taiwan, and they are signed to Universal Music Group.
Hazeldine is an alternative country band from the United States, and they are signed to Glitterhouse Records.
The 1988 Taça de Portugal final was held on June 19, 1988, at the Estádio Nacional, where FC Porto emerged as the winner against Vitória S.C.
Kenta Tanno is a member of the sports team V-Varen Nagasaki. He was acquired through a specific transaction, and his tenure with the team spans a defined start and end time.
The White Horse Hotel in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia, is a heritage-listed hotel that is designated on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Dimitris Machairas, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Levadiakos F.C.
The Maturango Museum, located in Ridgecrest, California, United States, is a museum that was established on January 1, 1975.
Francesco Zizzari is a member of Pordenone Calcio, where he was acquired through an acquisition transaction and his tenure started at a certain time and ended at another specific time.
Derek Hallas is a human who goes by the given name Derek and specializes as a winger for the sports team Yorkshire Carnegie.
John Brown Lake is a lake located in British Columbia, Canada, and it is part of the drainage basin within Canada.
The Shelden Avenue Historic District is a historic district located in Michigan, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallaorol is a human settlement located in the Gallaorol District of Uzbekistan, and it serves as the capital of the Gallaorol District.
The Rock City Ladies Open is a women's golf tournament held in the United States.
Kymeta, a business founded by Nathan Kundtz, was established on August 21, 2012, and has its headquarters in Redmond, Washington.
The New Orleans Brass, an ice hockey team based in the United States, was founded in 1997.
Mulki railway station is a train station located in India and is owned by Indian Railways. It is connected by the Konkan Railway line.
Richard O'Kelly, a human, has been a member of sports teams including Port Vale F.C. and Grimsby Town F.C., and he also coaches Hereford United F.C.
The Afrikanisches Viertel is a neighborhood in Berlin, Germany, named after Africa.
Princes Bridge, designed by John Harry Grainger and officially opened on October 4, 1888, crosses the Yarra River and carries St Kilda Road in Melbourne.
John Candelaria, a human, is known for his role as a pitcher and was a member of the New York Mets sports team.
Lombardy Hall is a house located in Delaware, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Panachaiki Volleyball Club is a volleyball team based in Patras, Greece, where it is headquartered. They compete in the sport of volleyball.
Bhaluka Upazila, an upazila in Bangladesh, was established in 1917 and is located within the Mymensingh District.
Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport is an airport located in Malang, Indonesia, serving the transportation needs of the city.
The Yilan Green Expo, a temporary exhibition, began in the year 2000 and is located in Su'ao, Taiwan.
Carlos Paes is a member of F.C. Motagua, where he was acquired through a specific acquisition transaction and his tenure with the team spans a defined start and end time.
Vibank is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, that was established in 1908.
Middlesboro-Bell County Airport, located in Middlesboro, Kentucky, United States, was established on January 4, 1940, and is an airport.
Tvsdesign, a business that was founded in 1968, has its headquarters in Atlanta and has received the Architecture Firm Award.
Fellowship Baptist College, a school founded in 1954, is located in Kabankalan, Philippines.
"The Five Nations," a book authored by Rudyard Kipling and published in 1903, is now in the public domain.
CFAR-FM is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1937, and is located in Manitoba, Canada.
The Ulm Railway Society, a registered association in Germany, was founded in 1969 as a pressure group.
Nooddorp is a human settlement located in Overschie, which is part of the administrative territorial entity governed by the Government of Rotterdam, in the Netherlands.
Nikola Rak is a human who goes by the given name Nikola and plays as a midfielder for the sports team HNK Gorica.
The Dagger Complex is an architectural structure that was built in 1951 and is located in Darmstadt, Germany.
Juan Alvacete is a human who plays as a defender for Club Atlético Tigre.
Zagross Khodro, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Tehran.
"Karam" is an album performed by Kimi Djabate, released on Cumbancha in 2009.
Fleet Canada, a business in the aerospace industry, was established in 2006 and has its headquarters in Fort Erie, Ontario.
Monster Allergy is an Italian comic book series that is distinct from the TV series adaptation of the same name, which is a derivative work based on it.
ZAS Airline of Egypt, an airline based in Egypt, was established in 1982 and ceased operations on April 1, 1995.
Interlaken is a town located in Wasatch County, Utah, United States, and it was officially established on May 20, 2015.
St Newlyn East is a village and civil parish located in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Luke Summerfield is a member of the sports team A.F.C. Bournemouth, where he was acquired through a specific acquisition transaction and his tenure includes both a start and end time with the team.
Jorge Alberto Vargas is a member of the sports team Deportivo Azogues, with a defined start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Akaparambu is a village located in the Ernakulam district of India.
The Franklin House in Athens, Georgia, is a commercial building listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Athens, Georgia, United States.
Justin Fargas, whose given name is Justin, is an African American whose father is Antonio Fargas. He is a member of the Denver Broncos sports team.
"The Decay of Lying" is a book written by Oscar Wilde and published in 1889. It is written in the English language.
"The Broken Anchor" is an English-language book published by Grosset & Dunlap and is part of the Nancy Drew series, illustrated by Philippe Daure.
Alundra is a game developed by Matrix Software and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation console, distributed on CD-ROM.
Samsung R&D Institute India in Bangalore was established in 1996 and serves as a business headquarters located in Bangalore, India.
Sunlabob is a company that was founded in 2001 and has its headquarters in Vientiane.
Francisco Escos is a human who goes by the given name Francisco and played as a midfielder for the Buffalo Stallions.
State Highway 73 in Kerala is a highway in India that is part of the List of state highways in Kerala and is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
"Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa" is a film directed by Ali Shifau and was published on an unspecified day in 2010. The country of origin for this film is the Maldives.
Towaninny South is a locality in Victoria, Australia, specifically within the Division of Mallee.
Dragon Lord is a Hong Kong film distributed by Koch Media. It was filmed in Hong Kong and the original language of the film is Cantonese.
The West Cheshire Association Football League, which is an association football league in the United Kingdom, was established in 1892.
Nikos Kourellas is a human who goes by the given name Nikos and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team A.P.S. Zakynthos.
The 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualification was a soccer tournament held in 2015 to determine which teams would qualify for the championship, involving Brazil among other countries.
The Pedro Echevarria House is a single-family detached home located in Boise, Idaho, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Stavanger Konserthus, a concert hall located in Stavanger, Norway, was inaugurated on January 1, 2012.
The North Manchester Covered Bridge is a covered bridge located in Indiana, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Danilo Neco is a member of Jeju United FC, where he was acquired through a specific transaction. His tenure with the team includes a defined start and end time.
"A Broad Bellflower" is a film from North Korea that was originally published in 1987 and is in the Korean language.
Sumar is a city located in the Sumar District within Qasr-e Shirin County in Iran.
Joel Salatin, a human, received the Heinz Award. His full name is Joel Salatin.
The 2012 National League Championship Series is a baseball season that took place in the United States during the 2012 season.
The Clement Geitner House, a building located in North Carolina, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Tangarakau River is a river located in Taranaki, New Zealand, and its mouth empties into the Whanganui River.
Guilherme Siqueira is a member of the sports team S.S. Lazio, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and his tenure spans a defined start and end time.
Electroputere VFU, a business founded in 1869, is based in Romania with its headquarters located in Pașcani.
The Buzz of Delight is a rock and pop band that was formed in Georgia, United States, in 1983.
Strathmiglo is a village located in Fife, an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom.
The Northport Branch is a railway in the United States, located in Huntington, New York, and it is operated by the Long Island Rail Road.
The Boise State Broncos football team is an American football team based in the United States. They play their home games at Albertsons Stadium.
Leandro Montagud is a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and his tenure includes a defined start and end time.
Charles Spencer Elementary School is a school located in Tifton, Georgia, United States, and it is part of the Tift County School District.
Ted Genoways, a human, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was educated at the University of Iowa.
Micky Worswick is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Skelmersdale United F.C.
"Blockers" is a film distributed by Universal Pictures, starring Ike Barinholtz, with Stacey Schroeder as the film editor and Russ T. Alsobrook as the director of photography.
Bishop's Castle in Glasgow, an instance of a castle located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom, was demolished in 1789.
"Every Eye" is a romance novel written by Isobel English. It is a book written in the English language.
The Lake House in Waterford, Maine, is a house located in the United States and is part of the Waterford Historic District in Waterford, Maine.
Bernd Rupp is a German-speaking human who represents Germany in sports and is a member of the Borussia Mönchengladbach sports team.
The Minories in Colchester, United Kingdom, is a museum that was established in 1956 and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Colchester.
Laos participated in the 2006 Asian Games, which was a sporting competition held in 2006, as part of the broader Asian Games series.
The 2014 BRD Bucharest Open, part of the 2014 WTA Tour, was a tennis tournament organized by the Women's Tennis Association and held at Arenele BNR.
Paradise Kiss, a film based on the work "Paradise Kiss," features Michiko Hada in its cast and was produced by Culture Convenience Club and Shodensha.
The Cahabón River is a river in Guatemala that originates in the Sierra de las Minas and flows into the Polochic River.
Josip Golubar is a human who plays as a forward for the association football team NK Olimpija Ljubljana.
Chalappally is a village located in the Pathanamthitta district of India.
Rich Peverley was educated at St. Lawrence University and played as a centre in ice hockey. He was a member of both the Nashville Predators and the Boston Bruins sports teams.
Centro Médico Excel, an architectural structure in Mexico, was officially opened in 2007, although its inception occurred in 2018.
The Kosovo Police, an instance of a police force, was established in early 1999 and is headquartered in Pristina, Kosovo.
Elena Tchaikovskaia, who competed in ladies' singles, received the Master of Sport of the USSR award and was recognized as a Merited Coach of the USSR. She is also the spouse of Anatoly Chaykovsky.
"Bump Off Lover" is a television show originally produced in Taiwan, with Standard Chinese as its original language. Angela Chang is a cast member of the show.
KKIA-FM is a radio station that began operations in 1987 and is located in Iowa, United States.
The Korea Internet & Security Agency, a government agency in South Korea, was established on July 23, 2009, and is part of the Ministry of Science and ICT.
Dougall Media is a business in the mass media industry, headquartered in Thunder Bay, Canada.
BRP Ang Pangulo (AT-25) is a motor yacht manufactured by IHI Corporation and is based in Manila, Philippines.
KSCL is a radio station located in Louisiana, United States, and it is owned by Centenary College of Louisiana.
"Ar Hyd y Nos" is a lullaby that originated in the United States and was performed by Glen Campbell.
Gabriel Richard Catholic High School, located in Michigan, United States, is a high school that was established in 1965.
CIGN-FM is a radio station that began operations in 2009 and is located in Quebec, Canada.
"The Saint's Second Front" is a book written by Leslie Charteris, originally published in the United Kingdom, and it is written in the English language.
The Open University of Catalonia has received the National Telecommunications Award and is a member of both the Confederation of Open Access Repositories and the European University Association. It also includes the Biblioteca de la UOC as part of its facilities.
Fury Brook Farm is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Grand Prix du Disque, a music award conferred by the Académie Charles Cros, was established in France in 1948.
Hatyai University, established in 1997, is a university located in Songkhla, Thailand.
Kanata Theatre, a community theatre in Ontario, Canada, was founded on May 1, 1996.
Mahindra Electric, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 1994 and has its headquarters in Bangalore.
CommScope, a business that began in 1976, is headquartered in Hickory, North Carolina, and its stock is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Karl Schaefer, whose given name is Carl, is a human with the family name Schaefer. The statement that he is different from Karl Schaefer suggests a distinction between two individuals sharing the same name.
Rebel City is an English-language film distributed by Monogram Pictures, with its narrative set in Kansas. Ernest Miller served as the director of photography for the film.
The University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) School of Information Sciences, an information school located in Champaign, Illinois, United States, was established in 1893.
The Monticello Commercial Historic District is a historic district located in Monticello, Arkansas, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selther is a business that was founded in 1970 and is based in Mexico, with its headquarters also located in Mexico.
The 2004 Open Canada Cup was a season of association football held in Canada, beginning on January 1, 2004.
Walter Ardone is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Geylang International FC. His given name is Walter.
Grampian, Pennsylvania, which became a borough on January 1, 1805, is located in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Edward Gunston, a human, played cricket and was a member of the Victoria cricket team.
Foxboro Hot Tubs, a band formed in the San Francisco Bay Area, plays a fusion genre of garage punk and punk rock, and includes Billie Joe Armstrong among its members.
The Ohrigstad River is a river located in Mpumalanga, South Africa, and its mouth is at the Blyderivierpoort Dam.
The Stephen Pangburn House is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Spindle Geyser is a geyser located in Yellowstone National Park, which is situated in Teton County, Wyoming, United States.
The Up and Coming Tour, a concert tour performed by Paul McCartney, started on 28 March 2010 and ended on 10 June 2011.
Shadrinsk is located in the Shadrinsky District. The district has a specific start time and an end time for its administrative period.
The North Sydney Sewer Vent is a heritage-listed sewer vent located in New South Wales, Australia. It is designated under the Heritage Act and is registered on the State Heritage Register.
Young Actors Space, a drama school in the United States, was founded in 1979 and is located in Los Angeles.
The Planet Internet Services, a business that began operations in January 1998, had its headquarters in Houston and was dissolved on November 15, 2010.
Jonathan Pryce, a human, is married to and has been partnered with Kate Fahy. He has also received the Commander of the Order of the British Empire award.
The 2015 Northampton Borough Council election, which took place in the United Kingdom, followed the 2011 Northampton Borough Council election and was an instance of a local election held in 2015.
UFC 185 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
H.R. Cox is a human who was educated at Indiana State University. His given name is H., and his family name (surname) is Cox.
Southchurch High School, a school located in Southend-on-Sea, United Kingdom, was established in 2016.
Friday Live is an English-language television series that originated in Australia and originally aired on Sky News Australia.
"The Universe Versus Alex Woods," a novel authored by Gavin Extence, was published as a literary work on January 1, 2013.
Sheregesh is an urban-type settlement in Russia that was founded on January 1, 1914, and its main category is listed under "Category:Sheregesh."
Cayman International School, located in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, was established as a school on January 1, 1994.
Porsgrunn Station, designed by architect Balthazar Lange, officially opened on 24 November 1882 and is connected to the Vestfold Line.
Carley Gracie, who resides in San Francisco, is the sister of Rolls Gracie and the daughter and student of Carlos Gracie.
"Cesarians 1" is an album performed by The Cesarians and produced by Craig Leon, which was published in January 2009.
Ismail H'Maidat is a member of the sports team S.C. Olhanense, where his tenure began with an acquisition transaction and includes defined start and end times.
Kamilla Rakhimova, a female human born on August 28, 2001, is a professional tennis player.
Muhammad Ridho is a member of the ISP Purworejo sports team, joining through an acquisition transaction with a specified start time and an end time.
The 1868 United States presidential election in Illinois was a presidential election held on November 3, 1868, where voters in Illinois participated in the contest for the office of President of the United States.
The Thebes Courthouse, located in Thebes, Illinois, United States, is a courthouse that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marie Stopes earned her Doctor of Philosophy degree, which was focused on her academic major and attained at a specific point in time.
"Mother Love" is a Queen song composed by Brian May with lyrics by Freddie Mercury. It is written in English and is distinct from other uses of the term "Mother Love."
Glen Sather played as a winger in the National Hockey League for both the Pittsburgh Penguins and the New York Rangers.
La Zarza de Pumareda is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Zamora, and it shares a border with Aldeadávila de la Ribera.
Danascara Creek is a river located in New York State, United States, and its mouth flows into the Mohawk River.
James King Blisworth F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1898 and plays the sport of association football.
Lockyear College is a building located in Indiana, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
G.K. Bharad Institute of Engineering, a university located in Rajkot, India, was established in 2009.
John Vear, whose given name is John, is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Otago cricket team.
Timuquana Country Club is a sports venue located in Florida, United States, where golf is played.
Augsburg Park Library is a library branch located in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, and it is operated by the Hennepin County Library.
The Rio Grande Valley Magic, an American football team based in the United States, was established in 2010.
Lady Liberty, a film with Sophia Loren and Danny DeVito in the cast, was directed by cinematographer Alfio Contini and had Suso Cecchi d'Amico as the production designer.
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a scientific journal published in the English language by SAGE Publishing, originating from the United States.
"Partisan" is an Australian thriller film written by Ariel Kleiman, originally in the English language.
Shaw Boulevard is a road located in both Pasig and Mandaluyong, which are administrative territorial entities in the Philippines.
The National Service Secretariat in Ghana was established in 1973 and is a government agency under the Ministry of Education in Ghana.
Ranford Road is a road located in Western Australia, Australia, and it was established in 1980.
Emma Lung, a human, was educated at Newtown High School of the Performing Arts, and her full name is Emma Lung.
Pierre-Michel Lasogga, whose given name is Pierre, plays for the sports team Hamburger SV and represents Germany in his sport.
Kampinos National Park, established in 1959, is a national park in Poland and falls under IUCN category II as a protected area.
Spencer Bachus was educated at Auburn University, where he obtained an academic degree. The specific details about the location, end time, and nature of his academic degree relate to his time at Auburn University.
Tony Hemmings is a human who goes by the given name Tony and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Rochester F.C.
Clearwater Analytics, a business in the financial services industry, was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Boise, Idaho.
Ballarpur Industries, a business that began in 1945, is headquartered in Gurgaon, India.
The Waldo Covered Bridge is a covered bridge and a road bridge located in Alabama, United States.
The 1852 United States presidential election in Missouri was a presidential election held in the United States, where voters contested for the office of President of the United States during the year 1852.
The Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company, a business in the petroleum industry, was established in 1968 and has its headquarters in Ashkelon.
Marianne C. Sharp is a human who was educated at the University of Utah. Her full name is Marianne, with Sharp being her surname.
Antonio Patriota, whose first name is Antonio, held the position of foreign minister and received the Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru. He speaks, writes, and signs in Portuguese.
Donald Portway, a human, was educated at Downing College, Cambridge, and is employed by the University of Cambridge.
Belmond Hotel das Cataratas is a hotel located in Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil, and it is operated by Belmond Limited.
Skytap, a business based in the United States, was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Seattle.
Menno Willems is a member of the sports team FC Den Bosch, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, and his tenure with the team has a defined start and end time.
Richard Dryden is a human who has been a member of the Exeter City F.C. sports team and also coaches the Notts County F.C. team.
The Ralph Waldo Emerson House is a historic house located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Mellowdrone is a musical ensemble that originated in the United States and formed in Los Angeles. They are known for their lo-fi music genre.
The Toaroha River is a river located on the West Coast of New Zealand, where its mouth joins the Kokatahi River.
Kula Norinska is a municipality in Croatia, located in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County, and its main category is listed under the Kula Norinska municipality.
Yemalur is a village in the Bangalore Urban district of India, located in the country of India, and it shares a border with Marathahalli.
"Drip Harder" is an album performed by Lil Baby and produced by Frank Dukes, and it is released under Capitol Records.
Mike Custer is a human from the United States who plays as a forward for the Memphis Americans in association football.
Al-Wehdat refugee camp, established in 1955, is a refugee camp located in Amman, Jordan.
KTGG is a radio station located in Okemos, Michigan, United States, and it began operating in 1985.
Blue Planet is a tabletop role-playing game authored by Jeff Barber and John Harper, which was published in 1997.
WAGP is a radio station that began operating in 1986 and is located in South Carolina, United States.
The Jetset is a rock and pop band that began in 1979 and specializes in pop music. Melvyn J Taub is a member of the band.
Co-op High School is a high school located in Connecticut, United States, and it was established in 1983.
Lamplugh Inlet is a bay and fjord located in Antarctica within the Antarctic Treaty area.
The Statue of Harvey W. Scott is a sculpture located in the United States, depicting Harvey W. Scott and created by Gutzon Borglum.
The Lemuel B. Chase House is a historic house located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Ilijan Combined-Cycle Power Plant is a power station located in Batangas City, Philippines, and it is operated by the Korea Electric Power Corporation.
The Avia B-135, an aircraft developed and manufactured by Avia, entered service in 1942.
Angela Buxton, a human with the given name Angela, is a member of the Great Britain Wightman Cup team and represents the United Kingdom in sports.
Wombwell Central railway station is a train station located in Wombwell, which is part of the United Kingdom, and it is named after the town of Wombwell.
The Institute of Business Management was established in 1995 and is located in Karachi, Pakistan. It is an institute based in the country of Pakistan.
Michael Gardawski was a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II, joining through an acquisition transaction and later leaving after a defined period with a start and end time specified for his tenure with the team.
Silver Sands State Park is a Connecticut state park located in Connecticut, United States. It was established on January 1, 1960.
Pragaash is a rock band that was formed in Jammu and Kashmir in 2012. They primarily play rock music.
Mother Joseph (de Weldon) is a sculpture located in the National Statuary Hall Collection, created by Felix de Weldon, with the main subject being Mother Joseph Pariseau.
Alexander von Dörnberg, a human, holds the title of Baron and was awarded the Golden Party Badge. He is also a member of the Schutzstaffel.
CHES-FM is a radio station that began operating in 2003 and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Dom Pedro Hotels & Golf Collection, a hotel chain headquartered in Lisbon, Portugal, was founded on January 1, 1968.
Renan Brito Soares is a member of the sports team Xerez CD, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and had a defined start and end time with the team.
Australia Pacific Airports Corporation, a fixed-base operator based in Australia, was established in 1995 and has its headquarters in Gladstone Park, Victoria.
Small Press Expo, a nonprofit organization and comic book convention, was founded in 1994 and is held in Bethesda, Maryland.
"Jungle Heat" is a film produced by Aubrey Schenck and distributed by United Artists in the United States. The original language of the film is English.
Rose Cottage and Early Slab Hut, located in New South Wales, Australia, is a heritage-listed cottage designated under the Heritage Act - State Heritage Register.
Spirit Lake, Idaho, is a city located in Kootenai County, Idaho, and it is situated next to Spirit Lake. It is part of the United States.
Crudo is an alternative rock band from the United States, with Mike Patton as a member.
The Taketoyo Thermal Power Plant, an oil-fired power station located in Taketoyo, Japan, was inaugurated on January 1, 1966.
Himmelstalund is a park located in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden, and its main category is Himmelstalund.
Thrikkadavoor is a village in the Kollam district of India.
Kilsyth railway station is a train station located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom, and it is named after the town of Kilsyth.
The Regional League Bangkok Area Division is an association football league that began in 2009 and is based in Thailand.
S.C. Adelaide is an association football club that was founded in 1995 and is based in Ghana.
The 1979 South African Professional Championship was a season of snooker held in South Africa during 1979.
Io is an English-language film produced by Jason Michael Berman and edited by Jeff Betancourt, originating from the United States.
The Chevelles, an alternative rock band from Australia, were formed in 1989.
Penningtons is a chain store headquartered in Toronto, Canada, operating in the retail industry.
Federalist No. 18 is part of The Federalist Papers and was published on a specific date, following another paper and followed by another paper within the series.
Albury Technical College, located in New South Wales, Australia, is a college that has been designated as part of the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
"Perfidia" is a song written in Spanish and published in January 1939. It was performed by Nat King Cole.
The Pugh Dungan House is a single-family detached home located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Han Kulker, a human, participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics as an athlete in the sport of athletics.
The Nena album, which is in the German language and produced by Manfred Praeker, follows the album "Nena" and is followed by the album "99 Luftballons."
Mountain View Waterworks, located in Arkansas, United States, is a waterworks facility that has been designated as a historic place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vellavu is a village located in the Kannur district of India.
The Theological Institute of Nîmes, located in Uchaud, France, was established in 1989 and serves as a seminary.
Newsplayer, a business in the video industry, was founded on October 1, 1999, and is headquartered in London.
WQJQ is a radio station that began operating in 2008 and is located in Barton, Vermont, United States.
Kojonup Reserve, a protected area in Western Australia, was established on January 1, 1996, and is located in Australia.
The Parallel Virtual Machine, a free software project developed by the University of Tennessee, was initiated in 1989 and is licensed under the BSD licenses.
St Andrews University F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1887 and plays the sport of association football.
Eric Torkelson, a human, is a running back and a member of the Green Bay Packers.
The Canberra Knights, an ice hockey team based in Australia, were founded in 1981.
Nerve Radio, a radio station in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1995, and is located in Bournemouth.
Committee Entertainment, a business founded in 2006, is headquartered in Florida and is owned by LiveStyle.
Olivia Hallinan, a human, was educated at the University of Manchester. Her full name is Olivia Hallinan.
Fulcrum Gallery, an art gallery located in Manhattan, United States, was founded in 1993.
Triple Zero Heroes is an Australian television show that premiered on February 8, 2009, and originally aired on the Seven Network.
Brooks Pond is a lake located in Massachusetts, United States, where both the administrative territorial entity and the basin country are the United States.
Ecua-Andino Hats is a business that was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Guayaquil, Ecuador.
Alexander Schlager is a member of the sports team SV Grödig, where he was acquired through a transaction and started his time with the team at a specific start time. Note that the start time is mentioned twice, but only needs to be referenced once for clarity.
Cat Tales Zoological Park, a zoo that opened in 1991, is located in Washington State, United States.
"O Jibon Re" is a film that was published on August 15, 2014, in India. The original language of the film is the Goalpariya dialects.
The Weatherford Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in Weatherford, Texas, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Eternity," a novel written in English, focuses on the theme of time travel. It is the sequel to "Eon" and is followed by another book titled "Legacy."
New Sudbury Centre is a shopping mall located in Ontario, Canada, and it officially opened in 1957.
Miss Peru 2007 is an edition of the Miss Peru beauty pageant that took place in Peru in 2007.
Anna Kravtchenko, a human, is a pianist who received an award at the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition.
The Chapel Street Historic District is a historic district located in Connecticut, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Nokia E61 is a cell phone model manufactured by Nokia, which follows the Nokia 9300 and is succeeded by the Nokia E71.
The Portage Historic District is a historic district located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
David Norquist, a member of the Republican Party, served as the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense. He was educated at the University of Michigan.
The Downtown Portsmouth Historic District is a historic district located in Portsmouth, Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Matan Vilnai is a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, where he held a specific role from a certain start time until an end time.
Hills Memorial Library is a library located in New Hampshire, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Yellow Line in Rio de Janeiro, an instance of a highway located in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was inaugurated on November 24, 1997.
The Gamble Place Historic District is a historic district located in Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Eggja stone is a Norse runestone and picture stone that is part of Norse mythology and is located in Norway.
Vincentian Academy, a school located in Pittsburgh, United States, was founded in 1932.
Vincent P. de Poix, who was educated at the United States Naval Academy, served as a vice admiral in the United States military and was awarded the Air Medal.
The 2016 Horizon League Women's Basketball Tournament is a basketball season that took place in the United States, starting on January 1, 2016.
The Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Darbhanga Pawan Express is a passenger train operating in India under the Central Railway zone.
The Robert Louis Stevenson Branch Library, located in Los Angeles, is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features the Spanish Colonial Revival architectural style.
"Cadillac Desert," a book written by Marc Reisner and published on January 1, 1986, is an American work.
KHLW is a radio station that began operating on January 1, 2012, and is located in Tabor, Iowa, United States.
The Hequembourg House is a single-family detached home located in Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Settlers of Catan," a historical fiction novel authored by Rebecca Gablé, was published as a literary work in 2003.
The Stetson University Campus Historic District is a historic district located in Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Avanavancherry is a village located in the Thiruvananthapuram district of India.
Romario Williams is a member of the Orlando City U-23 sports team, with his involvement marked by a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
Michael Eneramo is a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Queens Park AFC is an association football club that was founded in 1957 and is based in New Zealand.
Tomás Ribeiro is a male human born on April 30, 1999, and his occupation is a football player.
Dizzy Nutter is a male human who played baseball for the Charleston Senators.
Apollyon Sun is a band from Switzerland that performs industrial metal. The band includes Thomas Gabriel Fischer as a member.
Fergus Falls is a city in the United States, located in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, where it also serves as the county seat.
Kirby Grindalythe is a village and civil parish located in Ryedale, United Kingdom.
Malawi Adventist University, founded in 1969, is a university located in Ntcheu, Malawi.
The Capt. F. Deane Duff House is a historic house located in Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2005 Vancouver municipal election, which took place in Canada, was a municipal election where Sam Sullivan emerged as the successful candidate.
WTAL is a radio station that began operations in January 1979 and is located in Florida, United States.
Simon Hackney is a human with the given name Simon, who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Rochdale A.F.C.
Lina Galleazzi is a female human who works as a painter.
Philip Highway is a highway located in Elizabeth Grove, South Australia, within the country of Australia.
AK Khan & Company, a business founded by Abul Kashem Khan in 1945, has its headquarters in Chittagong.
Saxby Chambliss was educated at the University of Georgia, where he obtained an academic degree. The specifics of his education, including the location and the end time, are associated with his time at the University of Georgia.
Western Grove High School is a state school located in Arkansas, United States, and it is part of the Ozark Mountain School District.
Honduras is a member of both UNESCO and the International Development Association, and it uses the Tol and Miskito languages among others.
Roggan River, Quebec, is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Quebec, Canada, and is situated next to the Roggan River.
Pipestem Resort State Park, located in West Virginia, United States, was established as a West Virginia state park on January 1, 1963.
"The Mask of Dimitrios" is an adventure fiction novel written by Eric Ambler in the English language.
WLMB is a television station and nonprofit organization that was founded in 1998 in the United States.
Madhyamgram railway station, which was officially opened in 1906, is operated by the Sealdah railway division and is connected to the Sealdah-Bangaon line. It is adjacent to the New Barrackpur railway station.
The Luna Park Historic District is a historic district located in Charleston, West Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fredericksburg Academy, a school in the United States, was founded in 1992 and is located in Virginia.
Ellis Brigham is a brick-and-mortar business headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom.
The Art Gallery of Burlington, an art museum in Ontario, Canada, was established on January 1, 1978.
Summit Lake State Park, an Indiana state park located in Indiana, United States, was established in 1988.
"When Music Worlds Collide" is a hip hop music album published on July 20, 2015, performed by Crooked I.
Ludgrove School, a boarding school located in Wokingham, was founded by Arthur Dunn and began operations on January 1, 1943.
Alex Cazumba is a member of the sports team Esporte Clube Juventude, with a defined start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction associated with his membership.
The Blackburn Type D is a British aircraft manufactured by Blackburn Aircraft and designed by Robert Blackburn, an aviation pioneer.
ShiftMobility, a company founded in 2013, is headquartered in Foster City, California.
Mogral Puthur is a human settlement and a village located in the Kasaragod district of India.
The Council for Industry and Higher Education was established as a business organization in the United Kingdom in 1986, with its headquarters located in London.
José Asconeguy is a human who participates in cycle sport and is a member of Club Nacional de Football.
Tri-State Peak is a mountain located in both Kentucky and Tennessee, United States.
The DRG Class E 19 is a locomotive class that is a subclass of electric locomotives, manufactured by AEG with a wheel arrangement of 1′Do1′.
Weatherford High School, located in Weatherford, Oklahoma, is part of the Weatherford Public Schools district and is a high school in the United States.
"Long Wave" is an album performed by Jeff Lynne that was published on February 2012, and it follows the album "Armchair Theatre."
Ralston High School, located in Nebraska, United States, was established in 1954 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The W.P. Mahoney House is a historic house located in Arizona, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Port Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in Nanaimo, Canada, and it officially opened in 1952.
Applied Solar, a business based in the United States, was founded in 2005 and has its headquarters in Solana Beach, California.
"Forever Starts Today" is a single by Linus Svenning, released on February 14, 2015, and it follows another song by the same artist titled "Linus Svenning."
Sviyazhsk railway station is a train station located in Russia, owned by the Gorky Railway, and officially opened in 1893.
Happy Chef, a business that was founded in 1963, has its headquarters and location of formation in Mankato, Minnesota.
Margaret Wiecek is a female mathematician who works as an employee at Clemson University.
The Templeton Common Historic District is a historic district located in Templeton, Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selaiyur is a neighborhood located in Chennai, which is an administrative territorial entity in India, a country in Asia.
The Rosa Parks Museum is an African-American museum located in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, and it is named after Rosa Parks.
Culatra Island is an island located in the Atlantic Ocean and is part of the Faro District in Portugal.
Blennerhassett Island is a river island located in West Virginia, United States, and it is situated in the Ohio River.
The Mitsubishi Aircraft Company, which was an aerospace manufacturer and part of the Mitsubishi group, was established in 1928. It later evolved into Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
UFC 197 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Bella Vista Private School, established in 2004, is a school located in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States.
"Early Autumn" is a novel written by Louis Bromfield in the English language. It is an instance of a literary work.
Miss Plus America, a female beauty pageant, was inaugurated in 2002 and is based in the United States, with its headquarters located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Hoshizora no Live V Just Ballade is a concert tour performed by Misia, which started on July 7, 2009, and ended on February 14, 2010.
Global X ETFs, a business founded in New York City in 2008, has its headquarters located in the same city.
Wang Burapha is a neighborhood in Bangkok, Thailand, named after the Buraphaphirom Palace.
Sujina is a village located in the Panjakent District of Tajikistan.
Ihor Chuchman, whose given name is Ihor, is a Ukrainian sports player who is a member of the FC Hoverla Uzhhorod team.
The Lee Weaver House is a historic house located in Arkansas, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blackburne is a neighbourhood located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, and it shares a border with the neighbourhood of MacEwan.
"Suzie Gold," an English-language film distributed by Pathé, is set in London and was photographed by Daf Hobson.
The Bradley Braves men's basketball team represents Bradley University and plays basketball in the United States.
The 2019 World Snooker Championship, which took place at the Crucible Theatre, was won by Judd Trump. It followed the 2018 World Snooker Championship and was followed by the 2020 World Snooker Championship.
Margalit Finkelberg was educated at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where she completed her academic degree in her chosen major.
"Pixies" is a Canadian film published in 2015, originally in the English language.
California State Route 283, part of the state highway system in California, terminates at its junction with U.S. Route 101 in the town of Scotia, California.
Colegio Pestalozzi, a school in Argentina, was founded on January 1, 1934, and is located in Buenos Aires.
BCycle, a business and bicycle-sharing system, was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Waterloo, Wisconsin.
Buffalo is a city in Dallas County, Missouri, United States, and it serves as the county seat of Dallas County.
Sandusky High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States, and it is part of the Sandusky City School District.
Ivan Bushko, a human, is a member of the Party of Regions and his given name is Ivan.
Crockett Springs Cottage is a building located in Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Atlanta Symphony Hall is a construction project located in Georgia, United States, and it is owned by the Woodruff Arts Center.
Elliot Meyerowitz received the Balzan Prize for his work in a specific field of study at a particular point in time. The prize recognizes his contributions as a citizen of a certain country.
The 2012 CSIO Schweiz was a show jumping season event held in Switzerland during 2012.
The Toyota i-unit is a car model that was introduced in 2005 by Toyota.
"All Over the Place" is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom and aired on CBBC. Richie Webb composed the music for the show.
Cross Telecom, a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 1996 and has its headquarters in Bloomington, Minnesota.
Luowenzao railway station is a train station located in Luowenzao, China, and it is part of the Beijing--Baotou railway line.
"Dumbing Us Down" is a book authored by John Taylor Gatto and published by Douglas & McIntyre in 1992.
Hackney Wick is an area of London located in the London Borough of Hackney, sharing a border with Hackney Marshes, and it is situated in the United Kingdom.
Roy Harford, whose given name is Roy, is a human who played cricket and was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
Jeff Baxter, a human, began his career in 1968 and was signed with Warner Bros. Records. He also studied at Boston University.
"Tamburlaine" is a play written in the English language by Christopher Marlowe.
David O. Stewart, whose full name is David (given name) Stewart (family name), attended Curtis High School and is married to Nancy Floreen.
The film "Majestic Hotel Cellars" features Pierre Montazel as the director of photography, with cast members including Julienne Paroli and Raymond Rognoni. The movie is based on the work "Maigret and the Hotel Majestic."
Pidavoor is a village located in the Kollam district of India, serving as a human settlement within the country.
Pedro Liriano is a human who goes by the given name Pedro and specializes as a pitcher for the Huntsville Stars.
Julian Jakobs is a member of the sports team Sportfreunde Siegen. He started with the team at a certain time and left at another time.
The J. Bruce Hain House is a historic house located in Alabama, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Tisco Bank, a public company, was established in 1969 and has its headquarters in Bangkok.
Highgate United F.C., based in Jamaica, is an association football club that plays in the National Premier League, competing in the sport of association football.
Boulevard de la Zone is a boulevard located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris, near the Gare, in France.
The Cross Club, a music venue in Prague, Czech Republic, was established on January 1, 2002.
Hino Motors, a Kabushiki gaisha (a type of Japanese joint-stock company), operates in the automotive industry under the parent organization Toyota and is known for producing trucks.
Tsuen Wan Government Secondary School, a secondary school located in Hong Kong, China, was founded in 1961.
The Pacific Research Institute is a nonprofit think tank headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez is a human who is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and speaks, writes, or signs in the Spanish language.
The 1936 SANFL Grand Final is an Australian rules football match that took place in Australia in 1936.
Niek Vossebelt is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team FC Emmen.
The 1998 Insight.com Bowl was a bowl game played in the United States in December 1998, featuring American football.
Philip Edeipo, a human whose given name is Philip, is a forward who plays for Bayelsa United F.C.
Alfonso Camorani is a member of the sports team Spezia Calcio, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time with the team.
Rajeev Institute of Technology, an engineering school located in Hassan, Karnataka, India, was established in 2008.
The Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue, located in New Jersey, United States, is a synagogue that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chathedom is a village located in the Ernakulam district of India.
"Future Miracles" is a hard rock album by the band The Ladder, published in 2004.
Gore Mountain is a mountain located in the Adirondack Mountains range within New York State, United States.
The John Ward House in Salem, Massachusetts, is a historic house designated as a National Historic Landmark and located in the United States.
The Lepsy River is a river in Kazakhstan that flows into Lake Balkhash, which is also noted as a lake associated with the river.
"Time for After" is a television series episode that was directed by Larry Teng and originally aired on December 3, 2017, in the English language.
Vytautas Valius, whose given name is Vytautas, is a human who was educated at the Vilnius Academy of Arts and received the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts.
Constable Hall is a historic house located in New York State, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallery Int Fashion Fair, a business that began in 2005, is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Burning Spear Society, an honor society founded in 1993, is based in the United States with its headquarters located in Tallahassee, Florida.
Zhingyalov hats are a part of Armenian cuisine and originate from the Republic of Artsakh, where herbs are used as a key ingredient in their preparation.
Mahmoud Abbas holds the position of President of the State of Palestine, practices Sunni Islam, is married to Amina Abbas, and has a child named Yasser Abbas.
Acta Biotheoretica is a scientific journal published in the English language that was first published on January 1, 1935, by Springer Science + Business Media.
Fort du Mengant is a classified historic monument located in Plouzané, France. It is an example of a fort.
Westmorland Institution, a prison in Canada, was established in 1962 and is operated by the Correctional Service of Canada.
The MY Ady Gil is a ship from the United States that was named after Ady Gil and constructed using composite materials.
Edna Boies Hopkins, a human who was educated at Pratt Institute, has her works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Hilliard is a town located in Nassau County, Florida, United States, and its main category is listed under "Category:Hilliard, Florida."
The William Westcott House is a historic house located in Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Erriseask House, a restaurant in the Republic of Ireland, was established in 1989 and has received a Michelin star.
The KiHa 283 series is a class of diesel multiple unit operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company and manufactured by Subaru Corporation.
Rajarshi Memorial Higher Secondary School, established in 1942, is a higher secondary school located in the Thrissur district of India.
Flynn is an English-language film produced by Frank Howson through the production company Boulevard Films, and it originates from Australia.
The 1966 World Figure Skating Championships, organized by the International Skating Union, took place from February 22 to February 27, 1966, and was a senior-level competition.
Juan Andrés Larré is a human who plays as a midfielder for Club Nacional de Football.
The Billings Wolves, an American football sports team based in the United States, were founded in 2014.
Chamblee is a city in the United States, located in DeKalb County, Georgia, and its main category is listed under Chamblee, Georgia.
The Feusier Octagon House, a single-family detached home located in San Francisco, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Yanbu University College, a university located in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia, was established in 2005.
The Bank of Communications Building is a multi-story urban building located on The Bund in Shanghai, China.
Backlundtoppen is a mountain located in Svalbard, Norway, and it is named after Oskar Backlund.
Eramalloor is a village in India, located in the Alappuzha district, and it is an instance of a human settlement.
Ardrossan Winton Pier railway station is a train station located in Ardrossan, which is part of North Ayrshire, in the United Kingdom.
The New York Korean Film Festival, which began in 2001, is a film festival held annually in New York City, United States.
Ambachew Mekonnen held the position of Industry Minister, serving from a specific start time to an end time.
Gareth White, whose given name is Gareth, is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Cumberland County Cricket Club.
Luca Caputi, a person who plays hockey, is a member of both the Niagara IceDogs and the Toronto Maple Leafs sports teams and plays in the National Hockey League.
Antler Lake is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada, located in Strathcona County and situated next to a body of water also named Antler Lake.
"Teenage Retirement" is an album in the English language performed by Chumped, which was published in 2014.
All About She is a rock and pop band that was formed in London, United Kingdom, in 2010.
The 2000 Asian Speed Skating Championships, an instance of a sports season, took place in Mongolia in the year 2000 and focused on long track speed skating.
Reedy Creek Dam is a reservoir located in Queensland, Australia. It is situated in a basin also within Australia.
The Bates Battlefield is a historic site located in Hot Springs County, Wyoming, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is an instance of a battlefield.
Newmachar railway station, named after the area of Newmachar, is a train station located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Trauma is a scientific journal published in the English language by SAGE Publishing, with its main subject being emergency medicine.
Big Trout Lake Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada, and it is operated by the Government of Ontario.
The Point Lookout Archaeological Site is an archaeological site located in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Baruj Benacerraf received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, which he shared with other recipients.
St. Charles Catholic High School, located in Laplace, Louisiana, United States, was founded in 1948 and is an example of a high school in North America.
Dennis Sommers, a human, is a member of the Victoria Giants sports team.
The 1932 Democratic National Convention was held in Chicago Stadium, Chicago, in the United States, and it was a significant event that took place in 1932.
Keith Hamilton Cobb, a human, received the Soap Opera Digest Awards and was educated at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts.
The Higher Institute of Technology of Ivory Coast, an academic institution located in Abidjan, was established in 2007 in the Ivory Coast.
Dundowran is a locality located in Queensland, Australia, and it is part of the electoral district of Maryborough.
NEC Solution Innovators, a business that was founded in 1975, is based in Japan with its headquarters located in Tokyo.
Chavara Thekkumbhagom is a village located in the Kollam district of India.
Motivation is a rock band formed in Manchester, featuring Steve Garvey as a musician.
Cameron Morra, a female human born on September 20, 1999, is a professional tennis player.
"Qaidi," a film composed by O.P. Nayyar and released in India in 1957, is an instance of a film from that country.
Philip Hanawalt is a human and a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He is the parent of Lisa Hanawalt and had Jonathan Eisen as a doctoral student.
The Nation Review was an Australian Sunday newspaper that began publication in 1970 and ceased operations in 1981.
The South Patten River is a river located in Canada, with its mouth emptying into the Patten River. It is part of the James Bay Basin drainage system.
"A Warrior's Heart" is an English-language family film from the United States, featuring Kellan Lutz as a cast member.
KHKA is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1963, and is located in Hawaii, United States.
The 2014 Russell Athletic Bowl was a bowl game played in the United States on December 30, 2014, featuring American football.
Santa Fe 2913 is a locomotive with a 4-8-4 wheel arrangement, manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works. It is originally from the United States and is located in Fort Madison, Iowa.
The Indonesia Warriors, a basketball team, were founded in 2011 and play their home games at The BritAma Arena.
Cosmopolitan Dock is a shipyard located in Hong Kong, China, specializing in the shipbuilding industry.
Mount Cobbler is a mountain located in the Great Dividing Range in Victoria, Australia.
TuS Metzingen, a sports club based in Germany, was founded in 1861 and is known for its handball team.
Sophia Mundi Steiner School, a high school located in Victoria, Australia, was founded in 1985.
Mattia Montini is a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, though the exact start and end times of his membership are not specified.
Sunfish Pond is a glacial lake located in New Jersey, United States, and its watershed is also within the United States.
The Battle of Philippeville, which took place on August 20, 1955, in Skikda, was a battle during the Algerian War.
The National Accreditation Board in Ghana was established as a government agency in 1993 and operates under the Ministry of Education in Ghana.
Hurley Burley is a female thoroughbred born in 1895 in the United States.
Swan Lake, located in South Dakota, United States, is a lake whose basin is also within the United States.
The Bremner Historic Mining District is a historic district located in Alaska, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Year of the Underdogz" is a hip hop music album performed by Young Noble and was published on January 1, 2013.
Philippe Poissonnier, a human, is a cyclist who competes in cycle sport and is a member of the Safir cycling team.
The Century Company, a publisher based in the United States with headquarters in New York City, was founded in 1881.
"Autobahn" is a play written by Neil LaBute and published in 2003. It is written in the English language.
Femina Miss India Bangalore 2013 is an edition of the beauty pageant series Femina Miss India Bangalore, which took place in India in 2013.
Asmaradana is a television show that originated in Malaysia and aired from March 9, 2010, to May 4, 2010.
Smolenskaya Mountain is a mountain located in the Petermann Ranges in Antarctica, within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Sunshine Records (Australia), founded by Ivan Dayman on January 1, 1964, is a record label that is distinct from other entities also named Sunshine Records.
The Chicago Night Express is a passenger train operated by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, starting its journey at the Wheeling station in West Virginia and passing through Newark, Ohio.
The Tai Po District Council, which is an instance of district councils in Hong Kong and operates in China, applies to the jurisdiction of the Tai Po District and consists of Tai Po District councilors.
Younger Hall, a music venue in Fife, Scotland, was established in 1929 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Furdjel Narsingh is a member of the sports team SC Telstar, where he was acquired through a specific transaction. His tenure with SC Telstar includes a defined start and end time.
Rubicon Global is a privately held company headquartered at Atlanta Plaza, operating in the waste management industry.
Graceland is a novel written by Bethan Roberts, published in 2019, with its main subject being Elvis Presley.
The Missouri Athletic Club Building, designed by architect William B. Ittner, is a building located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dennis Raetz, a human, is known by his given name Dennis and his family name Raetz, and he is a member of the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.
Elite Towers, designed by the P&T Group, are high-rise buildings located in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Old Colorado City is a historic district located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2000 Mobile Alabama Bowl was a bowl game played in the United States on New Year's Day 2000, featuring a game of American football.
Andrés Vásquez is a member of the Grasshopper Club Zürich, where his involvement includes a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
The Yerevan Circus is a circus building located in the Kentron District of Armenia. It replaced the former Yerevan State Circus.
Ottawa Technical Secondary School, a high school in North America, was founded in 1973 and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Pique Newsmagazine, a tabloid-format newspaper based in Canada, was founded on November 25, 1994.
Acobamba District is part of Acobamba Province in Peru and serves as the location of the capital town Acobamba. It is an example of a district within the administrative territorial structure of Peru.
The Isaac Bargen House is a historic house located in Mountain Lake, Minnesota, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall that was inaugurated in 2004 and is located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
Tim Duncan received the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award on multiple occasions.
Godfather's Pizza, a restaurant chain and pizzeria chain, was founded in 1973 and has its headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.
The Science Gallery, a science center, was established on February 1, 2008, and is located within Trinity College Dublin in the Republic of Ireland.
Josh Hare is a human who goes by the given name Josh and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Gillingham F.C.
Block Mountain is a mountain located in the Sawback Range in Alberta, Canada.
"The Rose" is a mandopop album that was published on HIM International Music in 2003.
The Union Tour, a concert tour performed by Elton John, took place from October 19, 2010, to November 21, 2010.
"Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love" is a Filipino film distributed by Regal Entertainment, starring Boots Anson-Roa and J.C. de Vera.
WUPZ is a radio station that began operating in 1985 and is located in Michigan, United States.
Abdoulaye Coulibaly, a footballer born in 1988, was a member of AS Saint-Étienne, joining the team at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Ruse is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, United States. They are part of the rock and pop music scene.
The Madison County Courthouse in Florida was built as a courthouse in 1913 and is located in the United States.
The Australian TV series "Double Trouble" aired on the Nine Network from August 23, 2008, to November 22, 2008, and featured Basia A'Hern as a cast member.
MV Akdeniz is a ship built by AG Weser and is registered in Turkey with its home port in Istanbul.
The Andrew Weisel House, located in Illinois, United States, is a house that has been designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2014 UST Growling Tigers men's basketball team was a basketball team season based in the Philippines, playing during the 2014 period.
River Valley High School, located in Arizona, United States, is part of the Colorado River Union High School District and is an instance of a state school.
The Charles Lovejoy House is a historic house located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
HMS Berwick (F115) is a ship built by Harland and Wolff for the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom.
Little Wonders is a band from the United States signed to Atlantic Records. They follow Streetcorner Symphony and are followed by Her Diamonds in the lineup or release order.
The Wright State Raiders men's basketball team is a basketball team based in the United States, playing their home games at the Nutter Center.
"Hartmann the Anarchist" is a science fiction novel written by Edward Douglas Fawcett and published in the English language.
KSAZ-TV, a television station in the United States, was established on January 1, 1953, and is located in Arizona.
Abdulfattah Adam is a human who plays as a forward for Al-Taawoun FC in Saudi Arabia.
Lake in the Hills Airport, an airport in the United States located in Illinois, was established on January 7, 1958.
Northern Hearts AFC is an association football club that was founded in 1947 and is based in New Zealand.
UFC 99 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
"Sun Set" is a progressive rock album by the band Klaatu, published in 2005.
Radio ffn is a radio station that began operating in January 1986 and is headquartered in Hanover, Germany.
Salusa Secundus is a planet in the science fiction genre, created by Frank Herbert and part of the Dune universe.
Rubicon is a British gothic rock band that is signed to Atlantic Records and originated from the United Kingdom.
The Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum, a museum located in Sunnyvale, California, United States, was established on September 27, 2008.
"Sankat Mochan Mahabali Hanuman" is a Hindi television series that originated in India and airs on Sony Entertainment Television.
The 2016 World Rugby Americas Pacific Challenge was a season of rugby union held in Uruguay in 2016.
The Botswana National Broadcasting Board, a government agency headquartered in Gaborone, was established in 2000 and is under the parent organization of the Botswana Telecommunications Authority.
Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills is an Alberta provincial electoral district in Canada that was established in 1979 and is located in the province of Alberta.
"The Wake," a drama film from 2005, was written by Nikos Panayotopoulos and produced in Greece, where it was originally released in the Greek language.
Fredericktown High School is a state high school located in Ohio, United States.
The San Francisco Symphony Chorus was founded in 1972 as a symphonic choir in San Francisco, United States.
The Three Rivers Xplosion is an American football sports team that was founded in 2011 and is based in the United States.
Iver C. Ranum High School, a high school in North America, was founded in 1961 and is located in Colorado, United States.
FC Frederick is an association football team based in the United States that plays in the National Premier Soccer League.
The Arrowhead Library System is a library system located in Wisconsin, United States, and it includes the Edgerton branch in Wisconsin.
South Humber Bank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located in England, United Kingdom, and it is owned by EP Power Europe.
Phalombe is a city in Malawi and serves as the capital of Phalombe District.
Full House Resorts, a business that began in 1987, is headquartered in Spring Valley, Nevada, and its stock is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Orphans & Vandals is a band from the United Kingdom that performs alternative rock. They were formed in London.
Emiliano Tarana is a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time with the team.
Titavi FC is an association football club that was founded in the year 2000. The club plays its home games at the National Soccer Stadium in Samoa.
The World e-Sports Games, which began in 2004, is a sports league held in South Korea and operates on the Microsoft Windows platform.
Sugiyama Jogakuen University Junior College, established in 1969, is a college located in Chikusa-ku, Nagoya, Japan.
William VanDeSteeg, a human, played as a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens.
Philips Stadion is an association football stadium named after Philips and operated by PSV Eindhoven, who also occupy the stadium.
Mountainland Technical College, a public educational institution in the United States, was founded in 1989 and is located in Utah.
Red Bluff Municipal Airport, located in Tehama County, California, United States, is an airport that was established on January 4, 1948.
"The French Connection," a film based on the book "The French Connection" by Robin Moore, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and was edited by Gerald B. Greenberg.
National Highway 561 in India is a road that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Tomoki Muramatsu is a member of the sports team Honda FC, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time with the team.
Freedom Now is an organization headquartered and located in Washington, D.C., and was founded by Jared Genser.
Luv FM is a radio station based in Ghana, owned by Multimedia Group Limited, and broadcasts primarily in the English language.
Kelly Gough, whose given name is Kelly, is a human who was educated at Trinity College Dublin and has a sister named Denise Gough.
The Chipettes are a group of fictional characters from the United States who perform pop music and are signed to Liberty Records.
Martina Hingis received the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award at a specific point in time.
Smartwings, an airline headquartered and formed in Prague, is owned by Roman Vik and operates with its main hub at Václav Havel Airport Prague.
The Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor is a National Heritage Corridor located in Massachusetts, United States, and was established in 1986.
Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, established in 1996, is a university located in Lucknow, India.
The Belarusian Nature and Environment Museum, established on July 25, 1983, is a museum located in Minsk, Belarus.
Stephen Frail is a human who goes by the given name Stephen and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Western Wolves FC is an association football club that was founded in 2008 and is based in Australia.
Diane L. Evans earned a Bachelor's degree, which she obtained at a specific point in time and whose major is not specified in the given information.
Madison Township is a township located in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States, and it shares a border with Penn Township within the same county.
The Acadian House Museum is a house located in Nova Scotia, Canada, and it was established in 1997.
Pop Skull is a film with its country of origin being the United States. It was produced by Peter Katz and Lane Hughes, and the director of photography is Adam Wingard.
ArGo Airways, a Greek airline that began operations in 2009, has its main hub at Nea Anchialos National Airport.
The Martin Berry House is a house located in New Jersey, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rockford Lutheran High School, located in Illinois, United States, is a high school that was founded in 1964.
The Eblen Center is an arena located in Tennessee, United States, and it serves as the home venue for the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles women's basketball team.
The Imperial College of Engineering is an educational complex and historic site located in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.
Bura Nogueira, whose given name is Jorge, is a human and a midfielder who plays for Clube Oriental de Lisboa.
Timothy Braun, a human with the given name Timothy and the family name Braun, was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts.
The New Zealand cricket team's season in England in 1937 was a cricket series where the team from New Zealand played matches in England during that year.
The Carrian Group, a business that began in 1977, had its headquarters in Hong Kong but was dissolved by 1983.
"Papa Loves Mambo" is a song performed by Perry Como and was released on RCA Records in 1954.
PeoplesChoice Credit Union, a business headquartered in Biddeford, Maine, was founded in 1963 and is based in the United States.
Daudnagar is a village in India, located in the Aurangabad district of Bihar.
"The Living Soil," a book authored by Lady Eve Balfour and published by Faber and Faber, was released in 1943.
East Rockhill Township is a township located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States, and it is situated next to Tohickon Creek.
Mill Creek Falls is a waterfall located within the Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint in the United States.
Jan Baptist Wolfaerts, whose father was Artus Wolffort, created the notable work "Pastoral scene with a flute player" and worked both in Antwerp and Italy.
"Constant Craving," a song composed by K.D. Lang and Ben Mink in the English language, was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
Miss America 1952 was an edition of the beauty pageant held in the United States in 1952, with Colleen Kay Hutchins winning the title.
Judi Patton, whose given name is Judi, is a human who was educated at the University of Pikeville and received the Kentucky Women Remembered award.
Royal Porthcawl Golf Club is a golf club and golf course located in the United Kingdom, where the sport of golf is played.
Percy Greene, a human, was educated at Jackson State University, and his full name is Percy Greene.
Quta K'uchu is a mountain located in the La Paz Department of Bolivia, and it is part of the Andes mountain range.
Six Blanc is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps range within the Canton of Valais, Switzerland.
KXXN is a radio station located in Texas, United States, and it began operating in 2012.
Dr. Terror's Gallery of Horrors is a horror film from the United States, originally in English, starring Rochelle Hudson among its cast members.
Lyons is a locality located in both Logan City and Queensland, which are administrative territorial entities in Australia.
Sassafras Mountain is a mountain located in South Carolina, United States, and it is part of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Kennard High School is a high school located in Kennard, Texas, which is part of the Kennard Independent School District in the United States.
Dariel Albo is a human who goes by the given name Dariel and specializes as a middle blocker for the Cuba men's national volleyball team.
The Maysville Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in Maysville, Kentucky, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
ES Ouargla is an association football club based in Algeria that was founded in 2009 and plays the sport of association football.
The Hy-Vee Triathlon, which is a triathlon event held in the United States, began in 2007.
Thorne Colliery F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom that plays in the Central Midlands Football League.
Hartington railway station, named after Hartington in Derbyshire, is a train station located in the Derbyshire Dales administrative territorial entity of the United Kingdom.
Patrick N'Tolla is a member of the sports team Rodez AF, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Jorge Wilmot, a human who speaks Spanish, received the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in Mexico.
Government Law College in Kozhikode, India, was established in 1970 and is an educational institution located in the administrative territorial entity of Kozhikode.
Trevor Parkes, a human, is known by his given name Trevor and his family name Parkes. He is a member of the Grand Rapids Griffins sports team.
Gob Squad is an artist collective based in Berlin, Germany, that works in the performing arts.
KHCA is a radio station that began operations in 1990 and is located in Kansas, United States.
Annada Shankar Ray was educated at Patna University, where he completed his academic major and earned his degree during his time there.
Petrit Hoxhaj is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team WKE.
Louis Alexis Desmichels was a Lieutenant General who served with allegiance to France and was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. He spoke, wrote, and signed in the French language.
"Yeah!" is a Def Leppard album released under Mercury Records, produced by Def Leppard, and it is distinct from the word "Yeah." The album is in the English language.
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart, a high school in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, was founded in 1961.
"Don't Make Me Go" is a song performed by Johnny Cash and was published on Sun Records in January 1957.
Kristin Fortune, a human who competes in ice dance, has Dennis Sveum as her business or sports partner.
Cardigan Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station located in Ceredigion, United Kingdom, and it is owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Peterborough Collegiate, a high school in North America, was founded in 1827 and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Houssem Louati is a human with the given name Houssem, who plays as a midfielder for the sports team CS Sfaxien.
"Why I Live at the P.O." is a short story written by Eudora Welty and published in 1941.
Arauco Department is a department in La Rioja Province, Argentina, with its capital in Aimogasta. It is an administrative entity within Argentina.
Susan Glasser, whose full name is Susan Glasser, is a human and is married to journalist Peter Baker.
The John M. Beasley House is a historic house located in Whitfield, Manatee County, Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The John Brown Watson Memorial Library Building is a library located in Arkansas, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Peaceful Age" is an Italian film with Italian as its original language, originating from Italy. The cast includes O.E. Hasse and Isa Danieli.
The Sheepscot River is a river located in the United States, with its mouth opening into the Gulf of Maine. It also has the Dyer River as one of its tributaries.
The De Baca County Courthouse is a courthouse located in New Mexico, United States, and it features Georgian architecture.
Se Fonto Kokkino is a Greek-language soap opera that originated in Cyprus and is an instance of a television series.
Bradley Rangers F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was dissolved in 1992.
"Australia's Naughtiest Home Videos" is an English-language show originally broadcast in English on the Nine Network, with its narrative location set in Sydney.
Horst Hamm was the commander of the German submarine U-562, taking over when his predecessor left and serving until his term ended.
"Call Me Mame" is a British film produced by Irving Asher, directed in English with Basil Emmott as the director of photography.
Aldo Paniagua was a member of the 12 de Octubre Football Club, where he had a defined period of membership starting and ending at specific times, and his acquisition was part of a particular transaction.
Butterfly stop, which was officially opened on September 18, 1988, is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by the MTR Corporation. It also connects to Light Rail Route 610.
OutQ is an English-language radio station that was founded in 2003 and is owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
The 2001 Canoe Sprint European Championships, an instance of a sports season, took place in Italy and focused on canoeing and kayaking events during that year.
York Gate is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with York Terrace East.
Didier Manaud, a human, competes in pair skating and is partnered in business or sport with Sylvie Vaquero.
Encinillas is a municipality located in the Province of Segovia, Spain, and it shares a border with Cantimpalos.
Pankaj Pachauri, a human and a member of the Indian National Congress, was educated at St. John's College in Agra.
Archery was part of the sport competitions at the 2014 South American Games, which took place in Chile. The archery event was held in 2014 as part of this multi-sport event.
The Newberry College Historic District is a historic district located in Newberry, South Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Omer Arbel, a human, was educated at the University of Waterloo and resides in Vancouver.
Harbin Engineering University, established in 1953, is a university located in Harbin, China.
The Cruz del Sur pipeline, which is a gas pipeline, was inaugurated on January 1, 2002, and it spans both Argentina and Uruguay.
"Jubilee Trail" is a historical novel written by Gwen Bristow in the English language.
Oniel Cousins is a human who played as a guard in gridiron football and has been a member of both the Cleveland Browns and the Baltimore Ravens.
Aleksandr Ivchenko was born in Omsk, which is a city located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
"The Quest for Saint Camber" is an English-language book published by Ballantine Books. It follows "The King's Justice" and is followed by "King Kelson's Bride."
The Brandsbutt Stone, a Pictish stone located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, is designated as a Scheduled monument.
Terry Cochrane is a human who goes by the name Terry and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Gillingham F.C.
Boullanger Island, named after Charles-Pierre Boullanger, is an island located in Western Australia, which is part of Australia.
St Mary's School in Cambridge was founded on January 1, 1924, as a Roman Catholic girls' school located in Cambridge.
Suzanne Levine is a female human with the given name Suzanne and the family name Levine.
The 1981 AIAW National Division I Basketball Championship was a women's basketball competition held in the United States in 1981.
Kevin van Essen, a human with the given name Kevin, plays as a midfielder for the sports team SV Argon.
Armadale Academy, a secondary school located in West Lothian, United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1969.
The Nepal Volleyball Association is a sports governing body based in Nepal, responsible for overseeing volleyball in the country, with its headquarters located in Kathmandu.
"The Icicle Thief" is an Italian film that received the Golden George award. The movie is set in Milan and features Renato Scarpa in its cast.
La Mierla is a municipality in Spain located in the Province of Guadalajara, and it shares a border with Puebla de Valles.
The Twin City Liner, a ship named after the Twin City and owned by Wien Holding, entered service in 2006.
Marble Arch tube station is adjacent to Lancaster Gate tube station and connects to it via lines going in both directions toward Lancaster Gate.
Samuel Henley is a human who plays ice hockey for the San Antonio Rampage in the National Hockey League.
Edward Sweet-Escott is a human who plays cricket and is a citizen of the United Kingdom. His given name is Edward.
The Facel Vega FVS is a luxury vehicle and a car model manufactured by Facel Vega. However, the statement that it is followed by another Facel Vega FVS seems unusual and might indicate a repetition or a specific context not commonly understood; thus, it's noted as an interesting detail.
The International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms is a scientific journal published in the English language by Begell House, with its country of origin being the United States.
The 1990 Sugar Bowl was a bowl game played in the United States on New Year's Day 1990, featuring a game of American football.
Stefan Markolf is a member of the sports team KSV Baunatal, with a specified start time and end time for his membership.
Prairiland High School is a high school located in Pattonville, Texas, within the Prairiland Independent School District, in the United States.
Bill Fulcher, a human, played as a linebacker for the Washington Redskins.
Danilo Dias is a member of the Bandeirante Esporte Clube, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and his tenure includes both a start and end time with the club.
The Kenton Theatre is a theater located in Henley-on-Thames, United Kingdom, and it officially opened in 1805.
Pritam Rani Siwach, who competes for India, participated in both the 2002 Commonwealth Games and the 2002 Asian Games, and was awarded the Arjuna Award.
The Bank of Guatemala, established on December 11, 1945, is a central bank headquartered in Guatemala City, serving the country of Guatemala.
Teatro Verdi in Florence is a theater named after the renowned composer Giuseppe Verdi. It is located in Florence, Italy.
Jeanette Dousdebes Rubio, whose given name is Jeanette and family name is Rubio, is a member of the Republican Party and is married to Marco Rubio.
The Offshore Reefs Archaeological District is a historic district located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The End of Nature," authored by Bill McKibben and published by Random House in 1989, is a book that explores environmental themes.
VitaPerk, a limited liability company, was founded in 2010 and has its headquarters in Birmingham, Michigan.
The Armstrong Group of Companies, a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 1946 and has its headquarters in Butler, Pennsylvania.
RTS Svet is a television channel that began operating in 1991 and is headquartered in Belgrade, Serbia.
Tarrant Launceston is a village and civil parish located in North Dorset, in the United Kingdom.
Gleb Klimenko was born in Khabarovsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Glintshake, a musical ensemble formed in Moscow in 2012, plays garage rock.
Highpoint is an English-language film originating from Canada, starring Christopher Plummer and Maury Chaykin.
Doug Camilli, a human, is a catcher and a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball team.
Jason Gummer, a human, is a midfielder and a member of the Cardiff City F.C. sports team.
Shenton Way MRT station, which is part of Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit system and operated by SMRT Trains, officially opened on January 1, 2021, and is adjacent to the Marina Bay MRT station.
The Woolley River is a river located on the West Coast of New Zealand, where it flows into the Maruia River.
Skyrattler, a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada, shares its border with Twin Brooks and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Edmonton.
The Donohue Highway is a road that spans across both Queensland and the Northern Territory in Australia.
The 1999 National League Championship Series was a baseball event held in the United States during the 1999 season.
Newsweb Corporation, an organization based in the United States, was founded in 1971 and has its headquarters in Chicago.
Wallace High School in Lisburn, United Kingdom, was founded in 1880 by Sir Richard Wallace, 1st Baronet, and it is a grammar school.
The 2011 Balearic regional election, which took place on May 22, 2011, in Spain, was an election to contest the position of Member of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands.
The BAZAN Group, a public company operating in the petroleum industry, has its headquarters in Haifa and is a subsidiary of the Israel Corporation.
Leopoldowo is a village in Poland, located within the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Miastkowo.
The economy of Niue is a national economy located in Niue and falls under the main category of the economy of Niue.
Damir Glavan is a human who competes in water polo, with "Damir" as his given name and "Glavan" as his family name.
Nyhavn 51 is a building in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, which was constructed in 1766.
KERP is a radio station that began operations in 2003 and is located in Kansas, United States.
Cato House is a historic house located in Eufaula, Alabama, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oracle Tower Bucharest is a building located in Bucharest, Romania, and it officially opened in 2005.
Kenridge is a building located in Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes" is a Japanese animated film produced by Shin-Ei Animation and distributed by Lucky Red Distribuzione. The original language of the film is Japanese, and it is from Japan.
Nikolay Vasilev is a human who holds the position of Deputy Prime Minister of Bulgaria and is a member of the National Movement for Stability and Progress political party.
Cape Henry is a headland located in Virginia, United States, and it is situated next to the Atlantic Ocean.
The H&E Paramotores Ziklon is a paramotor aircraft model manufactured by H&E Paramotores in Spain.
Jasikan College of Education, a teacher training college located in Ghana, was established in 1952 and uses English as its primary language of instruction.
The National Archives of Panama, established in 1924, is located in the Building of the National Archives of Panama in Panama.
Atruvera Aviation, a Russian airline that began operations in 1993, has its headquarters in Saint Petersburg.
Wheelock, Vermont is a town located in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. It is categorized under the main category of Wheelock, Vermont.
The Tallgrass Beef Company, a business in the beef industry, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago.
The 1954 Brazilian legislative election, which took place on October 3, 1954, was a Brazilian legislative election where candidates competed for the position of Brazilian federal deputy.
Marie Antoinette Marcotte worked in the Netherlands during a specific point in time, which includes a defined start and end time.
Jeff Baisley, a human, is known as a third baseman and is a member of the Toledo Mud Hens sports team.
Bank SinoPac, a financial institution that began operations in 1992, has its headquarters in Taiwan and operates in the finance industry.
HC Villars, a sports club based in Switzerland, was founded in 1906 and specializes in ice hockey.
Wilson Gap is a mountain pass located in the Blue Ridge Mountains, situated within Virginia, United States.
Intohimo is a punk rock band that originated in Sweden and was formed on January 1, 2004.
Buck Creek State Park, which became an Ohio state park in 1975, is located in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
New Lebanon, Pennsylvania, which was established in 1866, is a borough located in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The Superior mine is a graphite-producing mine located in British Columbia, Canada.
Embeesea Kit Cars, a business that began operations in 1975, had its headquarters in High Wycombe and was dissolved in 1983.
Luis Mayme is a human who plays as a midfielder for Club Universitario de Deportes.
The Bond District is a historic district located in Hawaii County, Hawaii, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Antonov received the Order of the Red Banner at a specific point in time.
"Masters of Time" is an English-language work published by Fantasy Press, illustrated by Edd Cartier, who also created the cover art.
Onsen UI is a software that was first introduced and published in 2013 under the Apache License.
Melanie Serrano is a member of FC Barcelona and was part of the FC Barcelona Femení team, joining at a specific start time and leaving at a different end time.
Roederer Estate, a business based in the United States, was founded in 1982 and is owned by Louis Roederer.
"Audition," a short film originating from the United States and originally in English, was published on January 1, 2007.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey team was established in 1997 and is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Mahlon Higbee was a male human who played baseball as a left fielder.
The 2011 Kentucky Derby, an instance of the Kentucky Derby held on May 7, 2011, was a horse racing event where Animal Kingdom emerged as the winner.
Susanna Phillips, a human, was educated at the Juilliard School. Her full name is Susanna Phillips, with "Susanna" as her given name and "Phillips" as her surname.
"The Perfect Host" is a film produced in the United States with English as its original language. It was filmed in Los Angeles and produced by Mark Victor.
Kamil Grabara is a member of the sports team Aarhus Gymnastikforening, where he started and ended his tenure through specific acquisition transactions.
The Y.M. Rizer House is a historic house in the United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and it features the Second Empire architectural style.
InterAirports is a business based in Honduras that operates within the aerospace industry.
"Letters from Hanusse" is an English-language novel published on January 1, 2000.
Twickenham Cricket Club, founded on January 1, 1701, is a sports club based in the United Kingdom that specializes in cricket.
"High Brows" is a novel written in the English language by Bruce Marshall and is an instance of a literary work.
Miss Venezuela 1995 is an edition of the beauty pageant held in Venezuela, where Alicia Machado was declared the winner in 1995.
Oldfields School, founded in 1867, is a school located in Maryland, United States.
The Mungo River is a river located on the West Coast of New Zealand, where it flows into the Hokitika River.
The Robert Day School was founded in 2007 and is a university located in Claremont, California, United States.
Holy Cross College, located in Ryde, New South Wales, Australia, was founded in 1891 and is an educational institution.
Pine Richland Middle School is a middle school located in the Pine-Richland School District in Pennsylvania, United States.
Aguada Stadium is a stadium located in Aguada, Puerto Rico, which is part of the United States. It is occupied by the Puerto Rico United team.
Kure Software Koubou is a video game developer based in Japan that entered the video game industry in 1985.
Snoma Finnish Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in South Dakota, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sai Ying Pun station, which officially opened on March 29, 2015, is named after the area of Sai Ying Pun and is connected by the Island Line of the MTR.
Basketball at the 1963 Mediterranean Games was a sport competition held in Italy during 1963.
Sandy Lake Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada, and it is operated by the Government of Ontario.
The Queen Sofía Composition Prize, an award named after Queen Sofía of Spain, was established in 1983 in Spain.
Alison Lapper, a human, was educated at the University of Brighton. Her full name is Alison Lapper.
Football Night in America is a television show that originated in the United States and first aired on NBC on September 10, 2006.
Worthing Leisure Centre is a sports venue located in Worthing, United Kingdom, and it was officially opened in 1972.
Cédric Baseya is a member of the sports team Le Havre AC, with his involvement marked by a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
The Corsica River is a river located in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States, and its mouth empties into the Chester River.
Kally's Mashup is a television series that originated in Argentina and premiered on Nickelodeon Latin America on October 23, 2017.
Arthur Munds is a human who plays cricket and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom. His given name is Arthur.
Angasmarca District is a district in the province of Santiago de Chuco in Peru. It is part of the administrative territorial entity of Santiago de Chuco Province and shares a border with the Pallasca District.
Lake Abita is a lake located in West Cook, Minnesota, United States, and it is part of the United States drainage basin.
"The Sound City Sessions" is an album that was published in 2006 and follows the band Clover, which is also indicated to be followed by "The Sound City Sessions," suggesting it may refer to work associated with members of the band Clover.
Subash is a Tamil-language film originating from India, written by R.V. Udayakumar, and filmed in Ooty.
The Red Barn Gallery, a photography center located in Belfast, United Kingdom, was established in 2008.
The Shanghai Securities Exchange Building, a skyscraper located in Shanghai, China, was designed by WZMH Architects.
Sun City Palm Desert is an unincorporated community located in California, United States, and was established in 1992.
KERA (FM) is a radio station located in Dallas, United States, which began operations in 1973.
Galt Arena Gardens is a building located in Ontario, Canada, and it was officially opened on January 1, 1922.
The Old Village Historic District in Chatham, Massachusetts, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Chatham, Massachusetts, United States.
Miguel Coronado is a human who goes by the given name Miguel and plays as a midfielder for the sports team Unión La Calera.
Simon Richman, whose given name is Simon, is a human who plays as a midfielder for Worcester City F.C.
The River Cocker is a river located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, and it flows into the River Derwent in Cumbria.
Doha College was founded in 1980 and is located in Doha, Qatar. It is an educational faculty within the country.
Hamden Hall Country Day School, a private school founded in 1912, is located in Connecticut, United States.
FYI Daily is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom and aired on the ITV2 network, starting at 00:20 in the morning.
"The Lives of Dutch Painters and Paintresses," written in the Dutch language and published by Jacob Campo Weyerman in the Netherlands, follows "The New Theatre of Dutch Painters."
Trinity Theatre, an arts centre designed by architect Decimus Burton, was officially opened in 1829 and is designated as a Grade II* listed building or structure.
The Marcona mine, an iron ore-producing mine in Peru, is operated by Freeport-McMoRan.
Ferry Farm is a plantation located in Stafford County, Virginia, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Kacper Ryx is a work of detective fiction published by Wydawnictwo Otwarte in the Polish language, with its main subject being the Middle Ages.
Battle Harbour is a village in Canada, located in Newfoundland and Labrador, and it is designated as one of the National Historic Sites of Canada.
Feather Falls is a waterfall located within the Plumas National Forest in the United States.
The Milwaukee Art Museum, which was officially opened in 1957 and inaugurated in 2001, features high-tech architecture designed by architect Santiago Calatrava.
Huff's Store is a commercial building located in Tennessee, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Halifax Vandals, a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, were founded on January 1, 1923, and compete in the sport of rugby union.
Weimar Classicism is a cultural and literary movement designated as a Kulturdenkmal in Germany.
The Manhan Rail Trail is a rail trail located in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, with its terminus in Northampton, Massachusetts.
The Redondo Beach Unified School District is a school district located in California, United States, and it was established in 1993.
Alison Milbank, whose given name is Alison, is employed by both the University of Cambridge and the University of Virginia, and she practices Anglicanism.
James Anderson was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs and had a stint with the team that started and ended at specific points in time.
WLNO is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1956, and is located in Louisiana, United States.
Powder River County District High School, located in Broadus, Montana, United States, was founded in 1924 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The American Graduate School in Paris, an educational institution located in Paris, France, was established in 2009.
Nekhoteyevka is both a border checkpoint and a khutor (a small rural settlement) located in Russia. It is part of the Russia-Ukraine border.
Tangiriapal railway station is a train station in India operated by the East Coast Railway zone and owned by Indian Railways.
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy is a human who is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and speaks Spanish.
Tatsuki Kohatsu is a human who specializes as a midfielder and plays for Tochigi SC. He was educated at Ryutsu Keizai University.
Murray Falls is a waterfall located in Far North Queensland, which is part of the administrative territory of Queensland in Australia.
Central School in Milton, Florida, is a high school located in the United States within the administrative entity of Florida and is part of the Santa Rosa County School District.
Haderslev RC, a rugby union team based in Denmark, was founded in 1991 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
The P. Virsky Ukrainian National Folk Dance Ensemble, a musical ensemble founded in 1937, is based in Kiev and has received the Order of Friendship of Peoples award.
Drive Like Jehu is an alternative rock and math rock band formed in San Diego, and they are recorded under the label Swami Records.
The National Center for Regenerative Medicine, a business founded by Case Western Reserve University, was established in 2004 and is headquartered in Cleveland.
The Australian Payments Network, a business headquartered in Sydney, was established on January 1, 1992, in Australia.
Burwell--Holland House is a historic house located in Virginia, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Peter Simple" is a novel written in the English language by Frederick Marryat, and it is an instance of a literary work.
Bakrie Tower is a building located in Jakarta, Indonesia, and it was designed by the architectural firm HOK.
Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Riddarhyttan is an urban area located in Skinnskatteberg Municipality, Sweden, and its main category is listed under Riddarhyttan.
The 1974 Newham South by-election, which took place on 23 May 1974 in the United Kingdom, was a by-election won by the successful candidate Nigel Spearing.
Suwaiket Tower, a skyscraper in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, was inaugurated on June 1, 2012.
The 2019 Rio Open singles tournament is a tennis event that was part of the larger 2019 Rio Open and took place in Brazil.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Piedmont was an election held in Italy to elect Members of the European Parliament. This election took place in 2009.
Federico Gerardi is a member of the sports team A.C. Monza, with his involvement defined by a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
"The Clifton House Mystery" is a television show from the United Kingdom that aired for a brief period in 1978.
"The Hesperian Harp," a book authored by William Hauser and published on January 1, 1848, is now in the public domain.
Mécheria Airport, located in Algeria, is named after the town of Mécheria and serves as a transport hub for the same place.
The Lancun--Yantai railway is a standard-gauge railway line in China, operated by China Railway.
Inka Wasi in Ayacucho is an archaeological site located in the Department of Ayacucho, Peru. It is situated within the administrative territorial entity of Peru.
Wodka Gorbatschow is a drink that was first produced in 1921 by Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei in Berlin.
Beachhead Solutions, a business based in the United States, was founded in 2003 and has its headquarters in San Jose, California.
Dianna Booher, a human, was educated at the University of Houston and resides in Colleyville, Texas.
Cerro Tres Picos is a mountain located in the Sierra de la Ventana mountain range in Argentina, which is part of the Americas continent.
The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress, which was a convention held on February 26, 2016, focused on association football and took place in Switzerland.
Gal Alberman is a member of the Israel national football team, having joined at a specific start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Petru Giovacchini, a human who speaks Italian, was a member of the National Fascist Party.
Kristiansand Bus Terminal, a bus station located in Kristiansand, Norway, officially opened in 1965.
Scala & Kolacny Brothers, a choir from Belgium, was founded in 1996 and is signed to PIAS Recordings.
HMS Clacton (J151) is a ship built by the Ailsa Shipbuilding Company for the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom.
The British Taekwondo Control Board, an organization founded in 1982, manages taekwondo and has its headquarters in Mansfield.
The Zoé Unplugged Tour, a concert tour featuring the performer Zoé, took place from October 18, 2011, to October 29, 2011.
The Elmina Java Museum, located in Elmina, Ghana, is a museum that was established on January 1, 2003.
The Rushan Range is a mountain range in Tajikistan, which is part of the Pamir Mountains, with its highest point being Patkhor Peak.
SM Quiapo is a shopping mall located in the Philippines, owned by Henry Sy, and it officially opened in 1958.
John Smith, a flying ace, held the military rank of Colonel in the United States and was awarded the Legion of Merit and the Air Medal. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Nowadaga Creek is a watercourse located in New York State, United States, and its mouth empties into the Mohawk River.
Harrison Trimble High School, a high school in Canada located in New Brunswick, was founded in 1961.
The Chimehuin River is a river and watercourse located in Argentina, with its mouth flowing into the Collón Curá River.
Porilainen is a type of sandwich originating from Finland, where it is also commonly eaten. It typically includes white bread as one of its components.
The Central Street Historic District in Millville, Massachusetts, is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States. It is designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Boise Creek is a river in the United States that flows into the Klamath River and drains into the Klamath Basin.
"Hot Millions" is a film distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, with computing as its main subject. The director of photography is Kenneth Higgins, and the film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
"The Curse of the Mistwraith" is an English-language book originating from the United States, published by New American Library, and is followed by "Ships of Merior."
The Hipster Orchestra is a band based in the United States, formed in New York City, and they play pop music.
First State Heritage Park is a Delaware state park located in Delaware, United States, and it was established in 2004.
The Sheepskin Trail is a hiking trail located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States, with its terminus in Dunbar, Pennsylvania.
The National University of Equatorial Guinea, established in 1995, is a university located in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea.
The album '68, a compilation album performed by Robert Wyatt, was published on Cuneiform Records in 2013.
Sidi Ali Benyoub District is a district in Algeria, with its capital being Sidi Ali Benyoub, and it is located in the Sidi Bel Abbès Province. It is an instance of the districts of Algeria.
The Immigration Department of Hong Kong, established in 1961, is a government agency with its headquarters located in the Immigration Tower, and it is categorized under the main category of "Immigration Department (Hong Kong)."
The Bertie County Courthouse, located in Windsor, North Carolina, United States, is a historic courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
New Vision School and College, which was established in 2012, is a school located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
BBC Prime, a television station that began on January 26, 1995, replaced BBC World Service Television and was later succeeded by BBC Entertainment.
Ancuabe District is a district in Mozambique, located in the Cabo Delgado Province, and its main category is Ancuabe District.
Charleston High School, located in Illinois, United States, is part of the Charleston Community Unit School District 1 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
MS Marina is a ship owned by Oceania Cruises and manufactured by Fincantieri. It is registered in the Marshall Islands.
The Shukhov Tower, a lattice tower located in Moscow, is designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia and is known for its high-tech architectural style.
Lake James State Park, established in 1987, is a North Carolina state park located in North Carolina, United States.
Johan Voskamp is a member of the sports team Sparta Rotterdam. He started with the team at a certain start time and left at a specific end time.
Barrow Hill railway station is a train station located in Staveley, Derbyshire, United Kingdom, and it is named after Barrow Hill in Derbyshire.
KQWC-FM is a radio station that began operations in 2003 and is located in Iowa, United States.
The 2017 San Antonio mayoral election, which took place on June 10, 2017, in the United States, was an election to contest the office of Mayor.
Ojo is a local government area in Lagos State, Nigeria, governed by the Ojo legislative council.
Coral Rapids station is a train station located in Ontario, Canada, and it is owned by the Ontario Northland Railway.
Li Kai Ming is a human who participated in the 2010 Asian Games as a member of the Hong Kong national cricket team, and his bowling style is leg break.
"Wasting Away" is a comedy horror film originating from the United States, with its original language being English. Michael Schwartz served as the film editor for this production.
Swainsthorpe railway station is a train station named after Swainsthorpe and is located in Swainsthorpe, United Kingdom.
The Old Town Center Historic District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States. It is designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The I.L. Peretz Folk School, named after I.L. Peretz, is a school located in Manitoba, Canada.
Timothy Lake is a reservoir located in Oregon, United States, and its basin is also in the United States.
Cademuir International School, established in 1990, is a school located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom.
"He Lives in You" is a song published in 1995, performed by Lebo M and produced by Jay Rifkin.
"Better Boat" is a single released under Warner Bros. Records on January 1, 2018, and it is part of the album "Songs for the Saints."
Brau und Brunnen, a German enterprise founded in 1972, has its headquarters in Dortmund.
Vega de Valdetronco is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Valladolid, and it serves as the capital of its own entity.
TVHits is a television channel that began operating in 2014 and replaced TV1 in Australia.
Castlethorpe railway station, named after the village of Castlethorpe, is a train station located in Castlethorpe, United Kingdom.
Izzi Top is a female Thoroughbred born on April 21, 2008, whose father is the horse Pivotal.
Lake Village Airport, an airport located in Indiana, United States, was established on January 3, 1947.
Andrey Vorontsevich, whose given name is Andrej, participated in the men's basketball competitions of EuroBasket in both 2011 and 2017.
"My Father's Dragon" was nominated for the Newbery Medal and won it at a specific point in time.
The Rising Pune Supergiant in 2017 was a cricket sports season for a sports club in India, occurring during the year 2017.
Shizuka Kubota, whose given name is Shizuka, is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Japan national cricket team.
WQLA is a radio station that began operating on January 1, 1983, and is located in Tennessee, United States.
Carmichaels Area Junior/Senior High School is a high school located in the state of Pennsylvania, United States, and it is part of the Carmichaels Area School District.
Commercial Motor is a magazine that was founded in 1905 in the United Kingdom and is written in British English.
Ryo Kobayashi was a member of the Oita Trinita sports team, joining through an acquisition transaction and having defined start and end times during his tenure with the team.
Skorpiovenator is a fossil taxon classified as a species and is categorized under the main category of Skorpiovenator.
The Zotye T600 is a sport utility vehicle and a car model manufactured by Zotye Auto, powered by a petrol engine.
Gary Hall Jr. participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics, where he received multiple awards.
The Kribi Power Station is a gas-fired power plant located in Kribi, an administrative territorial entity in Cameroon. It went into service on March 1, 2013.
The General Urquiza Railway, which falls under the category of Ferrocarril General Urquiza, runs through both Buenos Aires Province and Misiones Province, and its terminus is at Federico Lacroze railway station.
Oldroyd Island is an island located in Prydz Bay and is part of the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Holston, a bank located in Tennessee, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Redpoint Ventures, a private equity business, was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
Ransom Everglades School, a high school in the United States, was founded in 1903 and is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
Sky Bishkek, an airline based in Kyrgyzstan, was established in 2012 and operates with its hub at Manas International Airport.
OpenLP is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License, and it operates on Microsoft Windows using the Python programming language.
Valdenir da Silva Vitalino is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, with his involvement marked by a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
Cristian Muscalu is a human who goes by the given name Cristian and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team FC Baku.
Tracey Towers, a pair of twin towers located in The Bronx, United States, was designed by architect Paul Rudolph.
Mother Seton House is a historic house located in Maryland, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blue State Digital, a business headquartered in Washington, D.C., was founded in the United States in 2004.
Manco Kapac Province is a province in Bolivia, located within the La Paz Department, with its capital being Copacabana. It is an instance of the provinces of Bolivia.
Johannes Gijsbertus de Casparis worked at Leiden University, where he held a position starting from a certain time and ended at another time.
Como West Public School, a primary school located in New South Wales, Australia, was established in 1950.
Red Mango, a business founded by Daniel J. Kim in 2002, has its headquarters in Dallas.
The Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District is a historic district and neighborhood located in San Diego, California, United States.
The West Block, designed by architect Thomas Stent and commissioned by the Monarchy of the United Kingdom, is a part of Parliament Hill and is designated as a classified federal heritage building of Canada.
Lake High School, located in Millbury, Ohio, is a state school within the Lake Local School District in Wood County, United States.
Stonnington City Centre, a city hall located in Victoria, Australia, is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Saurom is a folk metal band that originated in Spain and was formed on January 1, 1996.
Wilson Bar USFS Airport, located in Idaho, United States, is an airport that was established on January 5, 1996.
The Thone River is a river located in New South Wales, Australia, and it flows into the Hastings River.
The Wichita Wingnuts are a baseball team based in the United States that plays in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
Kispesti Textil SE is a Hungarian association football club that was founded in 1929 and plays the sport of association football.
Kelly Conheeney, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Sky Blue FC.
"It Was I" is a rock and roll song published on January 1, 1959, performed by Skip & Flip.
Mount Kelsey is a mountain located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States.
Top Gear Italia is a television documentary series that originated in Italy and is presented by Joe Bastianich.
Sunset Eyes 2000 is an album published in 1999 and performed by Saskia Laroo, reflecting activities around the year 2000.
Gavin Swankie is a human who goes by the given name Gavin and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team Dundee F.C.
The Roma Courthouse, located in Queensland, Australia, is a courthouse listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Mathers Bridge is a bridge located in Florida, United States, and it crosses the Banana River.
"The Harvest" is a roots reggae album performed by Tribal Seeds and was published in 2009.
Fort Thompson Mounds is an archaeological site located in South Dakota, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Fitz Henry Lane House is a single-family detached home located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Palazuelos de la Sierra is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Burgos, and it shares a border with Villamiel de la Sierra.
KXZT is a radio station that began operating on January 1, 2012, and is located in Newell, South Dakota, United States.
Mundolingua, a language museum, was established on October 1, 2013, and is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.
The Charleston Outlaws RFC is a rugby union sports team based in the United States that competes in the discipline of rugby union.
Next is a restaurant that opened in 2011 and is located in Chicago, United States.
KWYX is a radio station that began operating in 2009 and is located in Wyoming, United States.
The Maurice Hart House is a historic house located in North Carolina, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Amesbury railway station is a train station located in Amesbury, United Kingdom, and it is named after the town of Amesbury.
Belleza Argentina, a female beauty pageant that originated in 2003, is based in Argentina with its headquarters located in Buenos Aires.
In the 1979 Coupe de France Final, Éric Pécout scored a goal while playing for his sports team.
New Castle Junior/Senior High School is a high school located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is part of the New Castle Area School District.
Unitel Bolivia is a television channel that began operations in 1987 and operates in the television industry in Bolivia.
"The Girl with the Wine Glass" is a stained glass piece in the collection of the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum, and it belongs to the Dutch Golden Age painting movement. The artwork depicts a wine glass.
Glen Beicker Ranch Airport is an airport located in Seguin, Texas, which serves the transportation needs of the area within the United States.
Stewart Hutton, whose given name is Stewart, is a human who was educated at Newcastle University and is a member of the Durham County Cricket Club.
Andhra Bank, a business founded on 20 November 1923 by Bhogaraju Pattabhi Sitaramayya, has its headquarters in Hyderabad.
David Overstreet, whose given name is David, is a human who was educated at Big Sandy High School in Big Sandy, Texas. He represents the United States in his sport.
"Always True to You in My Fashion" is a song composed by Cole Porter and performed by Eartha Kitt. It was published in 1948.
Dalby Airport is an airport located in Queensland, Australia, and it is operated by the Western Downs Region.
Skidmore-Tynan High School is a high school located in Skidmore, Texas, which is part of the Skidmore-Tynan Independent School District in the United States.
CC Land, a business that began operations in 1992, has its headquarters in Hong Kong and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Llechog is a mountain located in the Snowdonia mountain range in the United Kingdom, and it is a subsidiary peak of Snowdon.
"The Maddening" is a film produced in the United States with English as its original language. It was produced by Mark Amin and had Nick McLean as its director of photography.
WPLM-FM is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, and it began operations on January 1, 1961.
Weezer was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Music Video and won it at a specific point in time.
Lingshou Town is a town in China and serves as the capital of Lingshou County, where it is administratively located.
Bernardini, a male horse born in 2003, has A.P. Indy as his father and is the parent of the horse Stay Thirsty.
Eva Orner, a human, was educated at Monash University and has the full name Eva Orner.
The Northwest Indiana Stars, a basketball sports team based in the United States, were founded in 2010.
Rogers & Cowan was founded in 1950 and is a marketing business with its headquarters located in Los Angeles.
Kenton in Newcastle upon Tyne is a district located in the City of Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, and it is distinct from other places named Kenton.
Mitcham Common is a piece of common land located in Mitcham, London, within the London Borough of Merton, United Kingdom.
New Plaza Stadium is a stadium located in Foshan, China, and it officially opened in 1991.
Marco Vitali is a human who competes in cycle sport for Italy, with "Marco" being his given name.
The Kronos Quartet, recorded under Nonesuch Records, has received the Polar Music Prize and the Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance, and was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance.
Thaikkudam Bridge is a rock and pop band that was formed in Kochi in 2013, and one of its members is Govind Vasantha.
Teatro de la Ciudad is a theater located in Mexico City, Mexico, named after Esperanza Iris.
Internacional Femenil Monterrey is a tennis tournament held in Monterrey, Mexico. It is a subclass of tennis tournaments and focuses on the sport of tennis.
Talkmobile, a business headquartered in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2007 and is part of the Vodafone group.
WordAlive Publishers, a publishing business that started in 2001, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
The Malcolm Group, a logistics business that began operations in 1960, has its headquarters in Linwood, Renfrewshire.
Babajide David, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Thisted FC.
The Renju International Federation, which was established on August 8, 1988, is an international sports federation headquartered in Stockholm with English as its official language.
Jane's Minstrels is a rock and pop band that was founded in 1988 by Jane Manning in the United Kingdom.
"Chopping Machine" is a stoner rock album by Colour Haze, published in 1995.
William Henry Campbell, a male human, served as the president of Rutgers University.
The Olympic Green Hockey Field is a sports venue in Beijing, China, where field hockey is played.
"Batman: Son of the Demon" is a graphic novel originating from the United States, written in English, and featuring Batman as one of its main characters.
Little Quittacas Pond is a lake located in Massachusetts, United States, where the pond's drainage basin is also situated within the country.
Randy Stoklos is a human who competes in beach volleyball for the United States, and his given name is Randy.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich was educated at the University of New Hampshire, where she completed her academic major and earned her academic degree.
Peralba is a mountain located in the Carnic Alps range within the Province of Belluno, Italy.
Constantin Argetoianu served as the head of government in Romania, was a member of a political party, and his term started at a certain time and ended at another.
The 1997--98 Torneo Argentino A was a season of association football in Argentina, spanning the 1997-1998 period.
Gastón Alvite, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Racing Club de Montevideo.
The Supporters' Shield, an award in association football, was first introduced in the United States in 1999.
The 2003 DPR Korea League was a season of association football in North Korea that took place in 2003.
Sumner County Regional Airport, an aerodrome located in Tennessee, United States, serves the area around Gallatin, Tennessee.
Cristian Sánchez Prette is a member of the sports team Newell's Old Boys, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, though the exact start and end times of his tenure with the team are not specified.
Brampton Valley Way is a rail trail located in Leicestershire, United Kingdom, with its terminus in Northampton.
"Ajax is niet dood!" is a song performed by Tante Leen and published by Imperial Records in January 1970.
The Viola Group, a privately held company, was founded in the year 2000 and has its headquarters in Herzliya.
Maury Bodenger is a male human who played American football and was a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
UFC 186 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Cape Nome is a cape located on the Seward Peninsula in the Nome Census Area of Alaska, United States.
Duranguense is a music genre and music style originating from Mexico, with its main category being Duranguense.
County Route 530 is a road located in New Jersey, United States, and it is part of the county route system in New Jersey.
The New English School in Kuwait was founded in 1969 by Jehan Rajab and is an educational institution located in Kuwait.
KD Jebat is a ship that was manufactured by Yarrow Shipbuilders and entered service in 1999. It belongs to Malaysia.
Huachinera is a human settlement located in the Huachinera Municipality of Mexico, and it serves as the capital of the Huachinera Municipality.
"The Singing Gate" is a film directed by photography work from Werner Brandes, edited by Giuseppe Fatigati, and features cast members Hans Olden and Angelo Ferrari.
The 2002 Australian Drivers' Championship is an instance of the Australian Drivers' Championship that took place in Australia during the year 2002 and is associated with auto racing.
The Abilene Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States, and its main category is listed under the Abilene Independent School District.
Persias Asmat is an association football club based in Indonesia that plays in the Liga Indonesia First Division.
ROCS Ta Kuan (AGS-1601), a research vessel built by Fincantieri, was commissioned in 1995 and is operated by Taiwan.
Belsat TV, a television station based in Poland, was established in 2007 and is owned by Telewizja Polska.
The 1962 American Football League Championship Game was a season-ending American football game held in the United States in December 1962.
Derbyshire County Cricket Club's 1905 season was a cricket team season played in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the year 1905.
Land of Leather is a retail business that was founded in 1997 and has its headquarters in Kent.
FC Perun Kresna is an association football club based in Bulgaria that plays in the Third Amateur Football League of the country.
Shavkat Salomov is a member of the sports team FC Nasaf, where he was acquired through an acquisition transaction. His specific start and end times with the team are also noted.
The Wembley Lions is a motorcycle speedway sports club that was founded in 1929 and is based in the United Kingdom.
The Borgward BX5 is a car model manufactured by the Borgward Group and is a type of sport utility vehicle powered by a petrol engine.
Tudor Watches, a trademark established in 1926, has its headquarters in Geneva and is owned by Rolex.
The Stetsons, a rock and pop band originating from Australia, were formed in 1987 and were signed to Mercury Records.
Edward Tolhurst, a human, played cricket for the Victoria cricket team.
Jack van Geloven is a human who plays cricket and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom. His given name is Jack.
Mount Gurage is a mountain located in the Ethiopian Highlands, situated within the Gurage Zone of Ethiopia.
Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II International Airport LRT station, which was officially opened on August 1, 2018, is operated by the Indonesian Railway Company and connects to LRT Line 1 (Palembang LRT). The station is adjacent to the Asrama Haji LRT station.
Kilburn Park tube station, designed by architect Stanley Heaps, is a London Underground station that officially opened in 1915. It is adjacent to Queen's Park station in England.
The Pearl Harbor Remembrance Bridge in Maine is a road bridge that spans the Kennebec River and is located in the state of Maine, United States.
Patna Junction railway station, which was officially opened in 1862, is operated by the Danapur railway division and is connected to the Howrah--Delhi main line. It is adjacent to the Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station.
The Taunton & District Saturday Football League is a sports league for association football that was established in 1920 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Wincanton railway station is a train station located in Wincanton, United Kingdom, and it is named after the town of Wincanton.
Saleh Farhan, also known by the given name Salih, is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Qatar SC.
Dave Tobik, whose given name is Dave, is a human who played as a pitcher for the Detroit Tigers.
The Merrick Machine Company, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 1960 and has its headquarters in Alda, Nebraska.
The National Space Council, a government organization in the United States, was established in 1958 and is currently chaired by Mike Pence.
Gold Spot is a soft drink that was introduced in 1952 and is manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company in India.
Forestburg is a village in Alberta, Canada, listed among the villages in Alberta, and it shares a border with Strome, Alberta.
JAAPA, a scientific journal published in the English language, was founded on January 1, 1988, and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
Andrew Marveggio is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Adelaide City FC.
Edaphobacter modestus is a Gram-negative bacterial species that belongs to the genus Edaphobacter and is classified as a taxon.
Dursupe Manor, a manor house in Latvia, was built in 1820 and features Gothic Revival architecture.
The Edward Serlin House, designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, is a house located in New York state, United States.
Underwater rugby is a sport played in Colombia, where it is known as a variant of rugby football within the geographic region of the country.
Andresen Island is an island located in the Bellingshausen Sea, part of Antarctica, and falls within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Natasha Collins is a human with the given name Natasha, and she is married to Mark Speight, who is also referred to as her partner.
Yatap station, which was officially opened on September 1, 1994, is operated by Korail and connects to the Bundang Line, with Imae station being an adjacent station.
Josef Yarney was a member of Newcastle United F.C. Reserves and Academy, where he started and ended his tenure as part of an acquisition transaction.
Line S4 of the Milan suburban railway service terminates at Seveso railway station, where it starts in one direction and ends in the opposite direction.
Fyodor Tolbukhin was awarded the Order of the Red Banner at a specific point in time.
Ana Sátila, a human participant in the canoeing and kayaking sport, competed in the canoeing event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jokosher is audio editing software for Linux that is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is programmed in Python.
Yevgeni Kranatov is a human who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Balakovo.
Hossein Kazemi is a human who goes by the given name Hossein and plays as a midfielder for the sports team Saipa F.C.
Charles Mingus received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, recognizing him as a winner of this prestigious honor.
UFC 89 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Esporte Clube Campo Grande is a Brazilian association football club that was founded in 1993 and plays the sport of association football.
Robyn Field, born on June 27, 1966, is a female tennis player.
"Flood Plain" is a painting created by Andrew Wyeth in 1986, which is now part of a private collection.
Bonum Sane, a motu proprio authored by Pope Benedict XV, was published on July 25, 1920, and is now in the public domain.
NBA Courtside 2002 is a video game developed by Left Field Productions and published by Nintendo for the GameCube platform, distributed on Nintendo optical discs.
The 2013 Auckland mayoral election, which took place in New Zealand, was a mayoral election held in 2013 to contest the position of Mayor.
Abraham Lincoln High School, located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, is part of the Council Bluffs Community School District in the United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Ajmer division is a division of India located in the state of Rajasthan and it contains the administrative territorial entity of Tonk district.
Federico Rasic is a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and his tenure started and ended at particular times.
"The Rock Pool" is a novel written by Cyril Connolly and is an instance of a literary work in the English language.
"Halo," a song by Beyoncé, was composed and had its lyrics written by Ryan Tedder, with Beyoncé also contributing as a composer. The song is in the key of A major.
The Battle of Mersa Matruh was a battle that took place in Mersa Matruh, Egypt, as part of the Western Desert campaign.
D.D. Terry, whose given name is D., is a human who played as a running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
France participated in the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics as a nation, with Estelle Alphand serving as the flag bearer for the French delegation during the event held in 2012.
Richard Mack is a human with the given name Richard and the family name Mack. He is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Queen's Park station in Toronto, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission, was officially opened on February 28, 1963, and it connects to Line 1 Yonge-University, with St. Patrick station being an adjacent station.
The Senegal national basketball team, which is a national sports team representing Senegal, plays basketball under the leadership of head coach Porfirio Fisac.
Long Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Lydiate railway station is a train station located in Lydiate, an administrative territorial entity in the United Kingdom, and it is named after Lydiate.
Jon D. Fox attended primary school, where he had a specific role until he completed his education there.
Miles Aircraft was a business that began in 1930 and had its headquarters in Woodley, Berkshire. The company ceased operations in 1947.
Ananda Dairy, a company established in 1989, has its headquarters in Bulandshahr and operates as a company.
La Chapelle Rhénane, an orchestra founded in 2001, was established by Benoît Haller, who also serves as its musical conductor.
The National Audit Office of China, which is an instance of the Ministries of the People's Republic of China, was established in 1983 and is headed by Chairperson Guo Zhenqian.
"Oye Como Va" is a song composed and written by Tito Puente. It originated in the United States and is in the Spanish language.
Everything is a rock band from the United States, signed to Capricorn Records, and they play rock music.
Neon Punch is a K-pop girl group that originated in South Korea and was formed on June 26, 2018.
Alanis Morissette received the American Music Award for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist at a specific point in time.
Sao Shwe Thaik held the position of President of Myanmar, serving from the start time to the end time of his presidency, after which he was replaced by another individual.
Mister Loveless is an alternative rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area, with origins in the United States.
Shakra is a hard rock band based in Switzerland, and they are signed to AFM Records.
Aso District is a district in the Kumamoto Prefecture of Japan, and it includes the town of Takamori.
William Craig, Lord Craig, whose given name is William, is a human who was educated at the University of Edinburgh. He is also the son of William Craig.
Miss Venezuela 1973 was an edition of the beauty pageant held in Venezuela in 1973, with Desirée Rolando winning the title.
Tyson Ruiz, a human, is a midfielder and a member of the Glacis United F.C. sports team.
The Galleria Shopping Centre in Toronto, Canada, is a shopping mall that was inaugurated and officially opened in 1972.
Pablo Lugüercio is a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
Roberto Hernandez Stadium is a sports venue located in the United States that officially opened on September 18, 2003, and is occupied by the University of South Carolina Aiken.
Lanterna is an instrumental band from the United States, with Henry Frayne as one of its members.
Chinnodu Peddodu is a romantic comedy film produced by Sivalenka Krishna Prasad. It is originally in the Telugu language and was made in India.
24 Frames Factory, a business founded by Vishnu Manchu in 2007, has its headquarters located in Hyderabad.
Richard Nixon was named Time's Person of the Year at a specific point in time, alongside another individual.
Misty Morn, a female horse born in January 1952, has Princequillo as her father and is the mother of a horse named Successor.
Dmitry Stakheyev was born in Yelabuga, which is located in an administrative territorial entity in Russia.
Icknield Street is a Roman road located in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom. Note that there seems to be a redundant statement indicating it is different from itself, which might be an error in the original data. Ignoring that, Icknield Street is distinct and exists within the specified region.
Cynthia Richards is a human who performs in the reggae genre, using her voice as her primary instrument, and she is associated with the record label Studio One.
Theâtre de l'Étoile du Nord is a theater located in Tunis, Tunisia, and it officially opened on February 26, 2000.
The Kronberg Railway is a standard-gauge railway line located in Hesse, Germany.
Robert Dyce, a human, received the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Edson Souza, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Madureira Esporte Clube.
"One After 909" is an English-language song composed and lyrically written by both John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
"The Noah's Ark Principle" is a film distributed by Filmverlag der Autoren and produced by Centropolis Entertainment. Egon Werdin served as the director of photography, while Tomy Wigand was the film editor.
Vittorio Casaretti is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team S.G. Gallaratese A.S.D., and his given name is Vittorio.
Giorgos Vasiliou is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team AEP Paphos FC.
"The Life of Henry Brulard" is a French autobiography written by Stendhal, and it is an instance of a literary work.
Andrei Tupolev was awarded the title of Hero of Socialist Labour on multiple occasions.
The Wisconsin Governor's Mansion is an official residence located in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin, United States. It is a mansion used for governmental purposes.
The Brittain River is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada, and its mouth empties into the Pacific Ocean.
One Direction was nominated for the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Pop at a specific point in time.
Baci Lingerie is a company that was founded in 2010 and is based in the United States.
Nick Christensen is a member of the sports team Hellerup IK, with a defined start and end time for his membership.
East Rockland Key is an island located in Florida Bay and part of Monroe County, Florida, in the United States.
The Ministry of Agriculture in Ethiopia was established in 1995 and is part of the list of agriculture ministries. It applies to the jurisdiction of Ethiopia.
"Anything More Would Be Greedy" is a television show directed by Rodney Bennett, distributed by ITV Studios, and originally aired on the ITV network.
The Urban Guerillas, an Australian pub rock band, were formed in early 1981.
Matt Hassett, a human, is a member of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Team.
Warzone K17 is a live album by Funker Vogt that was published on an unknown day in 2009. It follows the album "Aviator."
Elliot Peak is a mountain located in the Queen Alexandra Range within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Henningsens are a country music band from the United States, signed to Arista Nashville, and are categorized as a rock and pop band.
Donald Weihs, a human, participated in the 1948 Winter Olympics where he competed in ski mountaineering.
Bridgwater & Albion, a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1875, and competes in the sport of rugby union.
The 1960 Copa Libertadores, organized by CONMEBOL and ending on June 19, 1960, was won by Peñarol, with Club Olimpia among the participating teams.
Baruth (Mark) station is a train station in Germany that officially opened on June 17, 1875, and it is connected to the Berlin-Dresden railway line.
Kosmos 2484, an instance of the Strela satellite, was manufactured by Information Satellite Systems Reshetnev and launched into space on January 15, 2013, using the Rokot launch vehicle.
The 10 Foot Ganja Plant is a reggae band based in the United States, and they are signed to the record label ROIR.
The Rookwood Cemetery railway line is a standard-gauge railway line located in New South Wales, Australia.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference, an intergovernmental organization founded by the Althing, was established on January 7, 1991, with its headquarters located in Schwerin.
Bath Township, which is part of Greene County, Ohio, and is located in the United States, shares a border with Bethel Township in Clark County, Ohio, and is an instance of a township in Ohio.
Cryptopia, a bitcoin exchange, was founded on January 1, 2014, in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Jelle van Gorkom, a human with the given name Jelle, participates in BMX and was a participant in the Cycling event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Village at Shirlington is a shopping mall located in Virginia, United States, and it officially opened in 1944.
Forrest Chase is a shopping mall located in the City of Perth, Australia, and it is distinct from Forrest Place.
Nicky Joyce, whose given name is Nicky, is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Galway Senior Football Team.
Ocean Avenue in Brooklyn is a thoroughfare located in the United States within the administrative territorial entity of Brooklyn, and it is distinct from Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn.
Oak Hill High School, located in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, is part of the Rapides Parish School Board and is situated in the United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Nouria Hernandez was educated at the University of Geneva, where she completed her academic degree in her major during her time there.
The Nokia 6670 is a cell phone model manufactured by Nokia, which follows the Nokia 6620 and is followed by the Nokia N72.
Francisco Alex is a member of the Rio Branco Esporte Clube, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Larry Boone, whose full name is Larry with the surname Boone, is a country music artist signed to Columbia Records.
"Cheyenne Autumn Trail" is a film from the United States that was originally released in English in 1964.
Ben Cleverley, a human given the name Ben, is a midfielder who plays for Shepton Mallet F.C.
Haseena Moin, a human, resides in Karachi and has received the Pride of Performance award. She began her work period in 1970.
"The Honourable Woman," created by Hugo Blick and originally aired on BBC Two, is set in London and features Martin Phipps as the composer.
Mushroom Peak is a mountain located in the Winston Churchill Range in Alberta, Canada.
Greater Shediac is a metropolitan area located in New Brunswick, Canada, and its main category is listed under Greater Shediac.
French Silk is an English-language film distributed by the American Broadcasting Company, with both its narrative and filming taking place in New Orleans.
Back River, which is part of the Sheepscot River system, is a river located in the United States. It originates from Cross River in Maine and flows into the Sheepscot River.
Emilia Gubitosi is a human with the given name Emilia. She is married to Franco Michele Napolitano and was a student of Beniamino Cesi.
The 1953 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park, where Rangers F.C. emerged as the winners after competing against Aberdeen F.C.
The Vosges Club is a voluntary association located in the Vosges department of France.
The Colley Track/Soccer Complex is a sports venue located in Troy, Alabama, United States, and it officially opened in 2003.
Ivan Baklanov is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Rostov.
The Willamette Iron and Steel Works, a shipbuilding company headquartered in Portland, Oregon, was founded on January 1, 1865, and operated in the shipbuilding industry.
Greg Meisner is a human who goes by the given name Greg and specializes as a defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams.
Will Whitticker, a human, was educated at Michigan State University and is a member of the Green Bay Packers sports team.
Tumangang Station is operated by the Korean State Railway and connects to both the Tumangang Line and the Hongui Line. It is adjacent to Khasan railway station.
Balaka Township is a city located in the Southern Region of Malawi and serves as the capital of Balaka District.
Taptong Station is a train station located in North Korea that was officially opened on March 30, 1943, and is owned by the Korean State Railway.
Kim Nam-chun is a human who played as a midfielder for FC Seoul and was educated at Kwangwoon University.
Citi Field, a baseball stadium that officially opened on March 29, 2009, was designed by the architecture firm Populous and its structural engineering was handled by WSP Global.
Higashi-Murayama Station is adjacent to Seibuen Station and connects to it via a line that starts at a specified time and runs towards Seibuen Station.
Matej Rakovan is a member of the sports team SK Slavia Prague, where he was acquired through a specific transaction, though the exact start and end times of his membership are not specified.
Calcutta Puppet Theatre, an organization and puppet theatre, was founded in 1973 by Suresh Dutta.
The Pontiac Ventura is a car model manufactured by General Motors under the Pontiac brand, and it was succeeded by the Pontiac Phoenix.
Edward Snowden worked at the University of Maryland, College Park, where he held a position starting at a certain time and ended at another time.
Renee Chappell, a human, is known by the given name Renee and is a member of both the Western Fury and the Australia national cricket team.
Potu is a human settlement located in the Goychay District of Azerbaijan, and it is distinct from any other place also named Potu.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources is a government agency located in Columbus, Ohio, and it applies to the jurisdiction of Ohio in the United States.
Djibo is a department in Burkina Faso, located within the Soum Province, and it serves as the capital of the Soum Province.
Gao Jun, a human participant in the 1992 Summer Olympics, is a table tennis player with the family name Gao.
Vladimir Kovin, also known as Wladimir, is a former member of the Diables Noirs de Tours sports team and has received two prestigious awards: the Merited Master of Sports of the USSR and the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Jim Washington is a human who competes in men's basketball for the United States and is a member of the Chicago Bulls sports team.
Rebecca Rimmington is a human who competes in cycle sport and is a member of the WNT -- Rotor Pro Cycling team. Her given name is Rebecca.
Sam Whiskey is an English-language film or TV show produced by Arnold Laven and featuring Angie Dickinson and Anthony James in its cast.
Eastman Pond is a lake located in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. It is situated within the United States and falls under its administrative territorial entity.
The Outcast Islands are a group of islands located in Nunavut, Canada, and they are situated in the Coronation Gulf.
MPH Group, a retail business that started in 1890, has its headquarters in Petaling Jaya.
Venus Williams was nominated for the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award at a specific point in time.
Dragonlance Legends is a book series that takes place in the fictional universe of Dragonlance and was authored by Margaret Weis. It was published on February 1, 1986.
Piscobamba is a city in Peru and serves as the capital of the Piscobamba District.
Kate Alicia Morgan is a Welsh citizen and a human who works for the BBC.
Antal Kotász, whose given name is Antal, played for both Vasas SC and the Hungary national football team, and participated in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Justin McMahon, a human and member of the Tyrone Senior Football Team, has received the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award.
Krell Hill is a mountain located in the Selkirk Mountains range within the state of Washington, United States.
Kenda is a human settlement located in the Bardhaman district of India and is distinct from the Kenda Rubber Industrial Company.
Samaile Matovu is a female human who works as a singer, using her voice as her primary instrument.
The Murcki Coal Mine, which began operations in 1657, is a coal mine located in Poland.
"Bring On the Girls" is a film from the United States distributed by Paramount Pictures, featuring Huntz Hall and Doris Dowling in its cast.
Villa Rivero Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia, located in the Punata Province. It is distinct from simply being called Villa Rivero.
"America," a song by Simon & Garfunkel, was composed and had its lyrics written by Paul Simon, and it was produced by Art Garfunkel. The song originates from the United States.
The Sonoma State Seawolves are a university and college sports club based in the United States, primarily known for their American football team, and their main category is listed under Category:Sonoma State Seawolves.
Antoine and Sebastian is a French-language film or TV show originating from France, featuring cast members Keith Carradine and Ottavia Piccolo.
"Sukeban" is a Japanese film produced by Toei Company, with Norifumi Suzuki as the screenwriter. The original language of the film is Japanese.
Milton Glick worked at Arizona State University, where he held a position starting at a certain time and ended at another specific time.
P. Gregory Warden was educated at Bryn Mawr College, where he obtained an academic degree.
The Lorado Mine is a uranium-producing mine located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ricardo Delgado Araujo, a human, is a midfielder who plays for Envigado F.C.
"The Laws of Thermodynamics" is a Spanish-language film that was filmed in Barcelona and features Berta Vázquez and Josep Maria Pou in its cast.
The Condair Group, a business legally structured as an Aktiengesellschaft, was founded in 1948 and has its headquarters in Freienbach.
The Paintsville Herald is a broadsheet-format newspaper published in Paintsville, Kentucky, in the United States.
Zaysan District is a district in the East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan, with its capital being the town of Zaysan.
"Celestial," a song produced by Pedro Damián and originating from Mexico, follows "Tu Amor" by Jon B. and is followed by "Bésame sin miedo."
Karfas is a human settlement located in the Chios Municipality on the island of Chios in Greece.
The economy of Palau is a national economy that falls under the category of the economy of Palau and is located in Palau.
Ken Jammeh, a human, is a midfielder who plays for the sports team FC KooTeePee.
Kenny Cooper is a member of the sports team FC Montreal, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time with the team.
Edward Joseph Kelly served as the head of government in Chicago. He was a member of a political party and his term started at a certain time and ended at another specific time.
Duval County Public Schools is a school district located in Florida, United States, and its main category is listed under the Duval County Public Schools category.
Florin Bejan is a human who plays as a defender for the football team KS Cracovia.
Marden House, designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, is a single-family detached home located in McLean, Virginia, United States.
Silvan Inia is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team FC Volendam.
Skelton Inlet, named after Reginald Skelton, is a bay located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Endless.com is a retail website that was launched in 2006 and is owned by Amazon.
"3AM" is an American television series that premiered on May 28, 2015, and is distributed by Showtime Networks.
Manville High School is a high school located in the Manville School District within Manville, New Jersey, United States.
Hapkido is a film originally in Cantonese, produced in Hong Kong, and features Corey Yuen and Angela Mao in its cast.
The UT Martin Skyhawks represent the University of Tennessee at Martin and compete in American football. They are a university and college sports club that plays their home games at Graham Stadium.
The South Taconic Trail is a hiking trail located in Dutchess County, New York, United States, with its highest point at Brace Mountain.
Karim El Hany is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team RWS Bruxelles.
Samois was an organization that was established in 1978 and dissolved in 1983 in the United States.
The Parnell Tunnel, a railway tunnel located in the Auckland Region of New Zealand, was officially closed in 1930.
Maga Rayudu is a fantasy film originating from India, where it was originally produced in the Telugu language. Chota K. Naidu served as the director of photography for the film.
The International Esports Federation, an organization headquartered in Seoul, was established on August 11, 2008, with its main category being International e-Sports Federation.
Julius Peppers was a member of the North Carolina Tar Heels football team, where he started playing as a defensive end, specializing in his position, until his time with the team came to an end.
LT Cortesia is a container ship that was manufactured by Samsung Heavy Industries and is registered in Madeira, Portugal.
Juan Surraco is a human who goes by the given name Juan and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team El Tanque Sisley.
South East Today is a news program and television series that originated in the United Kingdom and airs on BBC One.
Ying'an Airlines, a Chinese airline that began operations in 2005, has its main hub at Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport.
The Battalion, a broadsheet newspaper that was founded in 1893, is owned by Texas A&M University.
Ferdinand Lumban Tobing Airport is an airport located in Kota Sibolga, which serves the city of Sibolga, and is situated in Indonesia.
Ryan Craig, a human, has played for both the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Columbus Blue Jackets in the National Hockey League.
Mendota Heights is a city located in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States, and it is situated next to the Minnesota River.
Vanilla Sky is an Italian punk rock band that formed in Rome.
The Kaiapoi River is a river located in Canterbury, New Zealand, and it flows into the Waimakariri River.
J. Darius Bikoff, a human, resides in the Upper East Side and is married to Jill Bikoff.
Neenah Foundry was founded in 1872 and is a privately held company based in the United States.
Brandon Dubinsky is a human who plays hockey in the National Hockey League for the Columbus Blue Jackets, representing the United States.
Erwin Saavedra is a citizen of Bolivia and has been part of both the Bolivia national under-20 football team and the Bolivia national football team. He started his tenure with the Bolivia national football team and also had a defined start and end time with the Bolivia national under-20 football team.
Lawrence Holland is a human who plays cricket and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom. His given name is Lawrence.
Simon Weatherstone, a human given the name Simon, is a midfielder who plays for Oxford United F.C.
The Oldenburg T 5.1 is a tank locomotive and an instance of a locomotive class with a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement, manufactured by Hanomag.
Bharat Broadband Network is a business in the telecommunications industry, headquartered in India and owned by the Government of India.
The 2006 film "The Queen" won the Goya Award for Best European Film. The award was received at a specific point in time.
Annette Tison, whose given name is Annette and who speaks and writes in French, is known for her notable work on "Barbapapa" and is married to Talus Taylor.
"Finding Vivian Maier" is a film directed by John Maloof, with Jeff Garlin as the executive producer. The main subject of the film is the photographer Vivian Maier.
Mayabeque Province has San José de las Lajas as its capital and shares borders with Matanzas Province and Artemisa Province, following Havana Province.
Curtis T. McMullen, who received his Doctor of Philosophy degree, was awarded the Fields Medal for his work in topology, under the guidance of his doctoral advisor, Dennis Sullivan.
Yesan County is a county in South Korea, located in the South Chungcheong Province, where the official language is Korean.
Dieter Pfeifer, a human, participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics as a swimmer.
Barne Glacier is a glacier located on Ross Island in Antarctica, within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Ryan Reynolds received the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight for his work at a specific point in time, though the sentence is incomplete regarding who he received it with. Assuming it was for a collaborative effort, Ryan Reynolds won this award alongside another actor for their best fight scene. If more details about who he received it with are available, please provide them for a more precise statement.
AltSchool is a company that was founded on January 1, 2014, and has its headquarters in San Francisco.
The Tenino, a sternwheeler and an instance of a ship, was owned by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company and served from 1861 to 1879.
O.S.C.A., founded by Ettore Maserati and formed in San Lazzaro di Savena, operates in the automotive industry as a Società per azioni.
"Riku no Sakana," directed by Seiji, is a drama film and television show originating from Japan. It features Hidetoshi Nishijima as a cast member and is in the Japanese language.
Buck Gladmon, whose given name is Buck, is a human who played as a third baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Franklin Furnace is a mine located in Franklin, New Jersey, United States, where zinc is produced.
KMMJ is a radio station located in Nebraska, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Grand Island, Nebraska.
Pablo Salazar is a member of the sports team C.S. Herediano, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure with the team.
The British Rail Class 325 is an electric multiple unit and a class of locomotive manufactured by the ABB Group. It is currently operated by DB Cargo UK.
The Grigorovich M-11 is a flying boat that was designed by Dmitry Pavlovich Grigorovich and manufactured by Shchetinin in Russia.
Biedma Department is a department in Chubut Province, Argentina, with its capital being Puerto Madryn. It is an administrative territorial entity within the country of Argentina.
Philip Lund was a member of the sports team Kolding FC, where his involvement was marked by a specific start time, end time, and an acquisition transaction.
Campos Borges is a municipality located in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and it shares a border with Quinze de Novembro.
The Mount Olive Trojans represent the University of Mount Olive and are a university and college sports club based in the United States. Their main category is listed under the Mount Olive Trojans.
Madison Marquette, a company established in 1992, has its headquarters in Washington, D.C., and operates as a company.
Rabie Belgherri is a human who goes by the given name Rabie and specializes as a midfielder for the sports team IRB Maghnia.
Donald Dewar served as the First Minister of Scotland, holding the position from its start time until its end time when he was replaced by another individual.
The Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge is a bridge located in Malaysia that officially opened in 2006. It crosses the Pahang River.
"Aarathu Sinam" is a Tamil-language film produced by Thenandal Studio Limited, with Aravinnd Singh serving as the director of photography. The film originates from India.
Pernik Municipality is a municipality in Bulgaria, with its capital being the city of Pernik, and it is located within the Pernik Province.
Paapi is a Hindi film from India, starring Sunil Dutt and Padma Khanna.
Ludovic Blas is a human who goes by the given name Ludovic and specializes as a midfielder. He is a member of the France national under-17 football team.
Miss Thailand World 2016 is an edition of the beauty pageant series Miss Thailand World, which took place in Thailand in 2016.
McLaren Smith is a human who plays cricket for Bermuda and is a member of the Bermuda national cricket team.
Henry Kautz, a human, received the ACM Fellow and AAAI Fellow awards and was a doctoral student under James F. Allen.
UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Romero is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Aufacker is a mountain located in the Ammergau Alps range in Bavaria, Germany.
The 1937 Icelandic parliamentary election, held on June 29, 1937, was an Icelandic parliamentary election where candidates competed for seats as Members of the Althing in Iceland.
National Highway 365A is a road in India that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Leonatus, a male thoroughbred born in 1880, is the son of Longfellow, a horse.
Brian Sarmiento is a member of the sports team Girona FC, where he was acquired through a specific transaction. His tenure with Girona FC began at a certain start time and ended at a specific end time.
"The Great Macarthy" is an Australian film in which John Jarratt is a cast member. The movie is originally in English and its main subject is Australian rules football.
The Caine Prize, an award named after Michael Harris Caine, was established in 2000 and Binyavanga Wainaina was among its early winners.
OHADA, an international organization with its headquarters in Yaoundé, was established on October 17, 1993, and is currently managed by Dorothé Sossa.
Julius Erving was a member of the Philadelphia 76ers, where he started his tenure, played as a forward with a distinctive specialty, and eventually ended his time with the team.
The Los Angeles General Services Police, a government agency in the United States, was established in 1979 and was dissolved in 2012.
The Lancia D50 is an Italian racing automobile that was manufactured by Lancia for use in motorsport.
The film "From the Hip" was filmed in North Carolina and features Darren McGavin and Allan Arbus in its cast, with Dante Spinotti serving as the director of photography.
Tess Daly, whose given name is Helen, is a White British individual who speaks English. She is married to Vernon Kay.
The Bradford Exchange, a business founded by J. Roderick MacArthur in 1973, has its headquarters in Niles, Illinois.
The film "Keane" was primarily filmed in New Jersey and New York City, with its narrative set in New York State. John Foster served as the director of photography for the film.
"Casting JonBenet" is an English-language film produced by James Schamus, with music composed by Nathan Larson and cinematography by Michael Latham.
Alan Murray is a human who played football for Middlesbrough F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C., and later coached Darlington F.C.
Buckhorn Reservoir is a reservoir located in North Carolina, United States, and its watershed also lies within the United States.
Centre Stage is a theater located in Greenville, South Carolina, United States. It is distinct from the Center Theatre.
Villalmanzo is a municipality located in the Province of Burgos, Spain, and it serves as the capital of its own entity.
"Quel movimento che mi piace tanto" is an Italian film directed by photography Roberto Gerardi, featuring Francesco D'Adda and Mario Colli in its cast.
South Cle Elum is a town located in Kittitas County, Washington, United States, and it shares a border with Ronald, Washington.
The 1996 Ukrainian Cup Final was held at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex, where FC Dynamo Kyiv emerged as the winner after competing against FC Nyva Vinnytsia.
Lake Highlands High School is a high school located in the Richardson Independent School District in Texas, United States.
Uranometria, a star atlas authored by Johann Bayer and published in 1603, is now in the public domain.
Bindlacher Berg Airport is a commercial airfield located in Bindlach, Germany, and it serves the city of Bayreuth.
Kizhekethil Chandy was educated at Government Arts College in Thiruvananthapuram, where he completed his academic degree in a specific major.
Marion Reichelt participated in the European Combined Events Team Championships, where she competed in a sports discipline, received an award, and her participation was at a specific point in time.
Gary Reasons, whose given name is Gary, is a human who played as a linebacker for the New York Giants.
Baker Island, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a river island situated in or next to the Allegheny River.
Atticus Clothing is a business that was founded in 2001 by Mark Hoppus and has its headquarters in San Diego.
Courtney Jones, whose given name is also John, is a figure skater who has had business or sport partnerships with both Doreen Denny and June Markham.
The Bellarine Peninsula is a peninsula located in the state of Victoria, Australia, and it is categorized under the main category "Bellarine Peninsula."
John McDowell, whose full name is John McDowell, is a human and a member of the New York Giants sports team.
Hong Kong--United States relations represent a bilateral relationship between Hong Kong and the United States, with both entities participating in this diplomatic relationship.
I54 was founded in 2005 by Advantage West Midlands and is a business with its headquarters located in South Staffordshire.
"Bloody New Year" is a horror film from the United Kingdom, originally in the English language, and it was edited by Carl Gustaf Thomson.
MasterChef (Brazilian season 4) is a television series season produced by the Shine Group and is part of the MasterChef Brazilian TV series, originating from Brazil.
"A Butterfly in the Night" is an Argentine film with Yves Montand and Mario Casado in the cast, and it was photographed by Américo Hoss.
The Delaware Constitution of 1776, which came into effect in 1776, was an instance of the Delaware Constitution that applied to the jurisdiction of Delaware until it was replaced by the Delaware Constitution of 1792.
Westermoen Hydrofoil is a shipyard in Norway that was established in 1961 and operates in the shipbuilding industry.
Aschentalshalbe is a mountain located in the Harz mountain range within the administrative territorial entity of Harz (Landkreis Göttingen) in Germany.
Stu Tate, a human with the surname Tate, is a pitcher and a member of the San Francisco Giants.
Fausto Tienza is a human with the given name Fausto, who played as a midfielder for the sports team UD Melilla.
Lutherville, Maryland is a census-designated place located in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States, and its main category is Lutherville, Maryland.
Sid Hearn is a human citizen of the United Kingdom who plays cricket and is a member of the Kent County Cricket Club.
Keewaydin State Park is a New York state park located in Alexandria, New York, and it is situated next to the Saint Lawrence River in the United States.
The Southern Times Messenger, a tabloid-format newspaper, was established in 1951 and is owned by News Corp Australia.
Mark Ealham, a human, is known by the given name Mark and has been a member of both the Kent County Cricket Club and the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club.
Louisville is a village in the United States, located in Clay County, Illinois, where it also serves as the county seat.
Selica Winiata is a human who plays both rugby union and rugby sevens and is a member of the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
"Amour Fou," a French film directed by Roger Vadim, was published in 1993.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Browne is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Sherry Hawco, a human participant in the 1979 Pan American Games, is known for her involvement in artistic gymnastics.
Billy Byers won the AACTA Award for Best Original Music Score for his work at a specific point in time.
Kafui Danku is a female human who is an actor and was educated at the University of Cape Coast.
Ibstock is a civil parish located in North West Leicestershire, United Kingdom.
"Mozart Decoded" is a Canadian film directed by Kevin Sullivan, who also served as the producer, and it was published in 2008.
"Anna and the Apocalypse" is a film distributed by Orion Pictures, produced with the support of Creative Scotland, and features Naysun Alae-Carew as a producer. The original language of the film is English.
Snarby Peak is a mountain located in the Sverdrup Mountains range within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Dimitris Giovanakis is a human who plays as a defender for the sports team Aiolikos F.C.
Servicio Paz y Justicia is a voluntary association based in Argentina that focuses on human rights work.
National Highway 927A is a road in India that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
The Oruaiti River is a river located in the Northland Region of New Zealand, where it serves as a tributary of the Wainui River.
Reggie Williams, a linebacker, was a member of the Cincinnati Bengals where he started playing for the team and held a specific position until his time with the team ended.
Canalside Studios is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom, with its headquarters located in Huddersfield, operating within the video game industry.
Lake Griffin State Park is a Florida state park located in the United States, specifically in the state of Florida, and it falls under IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
La Riba de Escalote is a municipality in Spain located in the Province of Soria, and it shares a border with Caltojar.
Rick Witter & The Dukes, an alternative rock band, were formed in York in 2005.
Adrian Madaschi is a member of Spezia Calcio, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time with the team.
State Highway 45 in Kerala is a highway in India that is part of the state highway system listed in the List of state highways in Kerala. It is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
Angelo Chol, a human, was educated at San Diego State University and was a member of the San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball team.
UFC 87 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Stratfor, a business founded by George Friedman, was established on January 1, 1996, and has its headquarters in Austin, Texas.
Masjid e Tooba is a mosque located in Karachi, Pakistan, known for its mid-century modern architectural style.
Imedi Media Holding, a joint-stock company and television station, was founded on March 15, 2001, and is headquartered in Tbilisi.
Interstate 270 in Colorado is part of the Interstate Highway System and was started in 1965. It is maintained by the Colorado Department of Transportation and terminates at Interstate 70 in Colorado.
Roberto Argüello is a human who resides in Buenos Aires and competes in tennis.
Yellala Falls is a waterfall located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and it is part of the Congo River within the Congo Basin.
Sonia Bompastor is a member of the Paris Saint-Germain Féminine sports team, with her involvement defined by a start time, an end time, and an acquisition transaction.
Alexandro Pozzer, a human, plays handball and is a member of the AD Ciudad de Guadalajara sports team.
Timmy Fleming, whose given name is Timmy, is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team.
Yairo Yau is a member of the sports team Deportivo Cali, where he was acquired through a specific acquisition transaction and his tenure spans a defined start and end time with the team.
Bank of Communications, a joint-stock company in the financial services industry, has its headquarters at Bocom Financial Towers and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Gold Dust Hotel is a building located in Kansas, United States, and it features Italianate architecture.
SMS Saida was a ship built by Cantiere Navale Triestino for the Austro-Hungarian Navy and operated under the country of Austria-Hungary.
Allen Iverson was a member of the Memphis Grizzlies, where he played a specific position as his specialty. He joined the team at a certain start time and left at a particular end time.
Beacon Pictures, a film production company founded by Armyan Bernstein, was established in 1990 and is headquartered in Tokyo.
St Edward's College was established on May 1, 2011, in Liverpool and is a Roman Catholic school under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool.
Little MacLeod Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada, and it is part of the Canadian drainage basin.
Radio Belarus, a radio station that began operating on January 1, 1962, is owned by the National State Television and Radio Company of Belarus and broadcasts in the Belarusian language.
The Finlandia hymn is a hymn composed by Jean Sibelius with lyrics by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi, and it is based on the composition "Finlandia."
ERONET is a business operating in the mobile phone industry and is headquartered in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a subsidiary of HT Mostar.
Howlock Mountain is a mountain located in the Cascade Range in Oregon, United States.
The Nokia 3200 is a cell phone model manufactured by Nokia, which follows the Nokia 3100 and is followed by the Nokia 3220.
Ho'okipa is a surf spot located on Maui, which is part of Maui County in Hawaii, United States.
Interactive Intelligence, a business that started in 1994, is headquartered in Indianapolis and its stock is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Serikzhan Muzhikov is a member of the sports team FC Astana, with a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Stroszek is an alternative rock band that was formed in Aberdeen in 2005.
XMobots Apoena is a Brazilian aircraft manufactured by XMobots, with its first flight taking place on November 18, 2008.
Josep Borrell was educated at Stanford University, where he began his studies, completed them, and earned an academic degree.
"That's My Line" is an English-language game show created by Mark Goodson and produced by Fremantle. The show aired until September 1, 1981.
Paul Islas is a member of the Fresno FC U-23 sports team, with a specified start time and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Amalgamated Sugar Company, a business founded by David Eccles in 1897, has its headquarters in Nampa, Idaho.
Ralph van Dooren is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Eindhoven.
Proxies is an alternative rock band that was formed in Yorkshire in 2010.
National Highway 39 in India is a road that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Likut Crew is a hip hop musical ensemble from the United States, and it includes King T among its members.
Evan Kostopoulos is a member of the Adelaide Comets FC, with a defined start time and end time for his membership with the team.
The South Cameroon Company, managed by Maximilian Heinrich Schinckel and Sigmund Hinrichsen, produced palm oil and natural rubber.
Risk: Factions is a game developed by Stainless Games and published by Electronic Arts, available on the Xbox 360 platform and distributed through Steam.
Khaled Kassab is a human who plays as a defender for the sports team Al-Sulaymaniyah FC.
S27 is an S-Bahn line that was part of the Munich S-Bahn system in Germany until it was discontinued on December 15, 2013.
The Te Arai River is a river located in the Gisborne District of New Zealand, and its mouth flows into the Waipaoa River.
Michael Bloomberg was educated at Johns Hopkins University, where he completed his academic major and earned his academic degree.
Isyu Ngayon is a Philippine TV series that originated in the Philippines and airs on the GMA Network, with GMA News TV serving as its distributor.
"Old School" is an Australian television series that originally aired on the ABC network in Australia. The show is in English.
"Walk... Don't Walk" is a short film that was published on January 1, 1968, and features Chevy Chase as a cast member. The film is from the United States.
Jim McGuinness, whose given name is Jim, is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Donegal Senior Football Team.
Pouria Gheidar, a human, is a midfielder who plays for PAS Hamedan F.C.
National Highway 332A is a road in India that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
Xtra Heat is a female thoroughbred horse born in the United States in 1998.
Jermaine Cunningham, whose given name is Alfred, is a human who was educated at the University of Florida and is a member of the San Francisco 49ers sports team.
Clement Lebopo, a human, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he competed in the marathon.
Stephen Island is an island located in the Antarctic Treaty area, situated on the Nickerson Ice Shelf in Antarctica.
The LDV Maxus is a car model manufactured by the LDV Group, which follows the LDV Pilot.
"The Minds of Billy Milligan" is an English-language book published by Random House, which features Billy Milligan as one of its central characters.
Poster Boys is an Indian film rated 9 by the kijkwijzer rating system, originally in Hindi, and distributed by Sony Pictures Networks India.
"Einstein Girl" is a Japanese film or TV show with its original language in Japanese. The show features cast members Mayuko Iwasa and Rina Akiyama.
Pinkhill Lock is a lock on the River Thames in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom.
Nicholas Brown Jr., whose father was Nicholas Brown Sr. and who was a member of the American Antiquarian Society, is buried in Rhode Island and had a son named Nicholas Brown III.
Jel Sert, a business in the drink industry, was founded in 1926 and has its headquarters in West Chicago, Illinois.
Eushully, a business that was formed in Sapporo, began operations in 2005 and maintains its headquarters in the same city.
Harrison High School in Colorado Springs, Colorado, is a high school located in the United States and is part of Harrison School District 2.
Dancing Dots is a business based in the United States with its headquarters in Philadelphia.
Assean Lake is a lake located in Manitoba, Canada, and it is part of the drainage basin in Canada.
Dave Coxhill, a human, is a midfielder who specializes in playing that position and is a member of Millwall F.C.
The 1988 San Diego mayoral election was a mayoral election held in the United States to contest the office of Mayor, taking place in 1988.
Guillaume Quellier is a member of the Stade de Reims sports team, with his involvement defined by a start time, an end time, and an acquisition transaction.
The Maoke Mountains, an instance of a mountain range within the New Guinea Highlands, are located in Indonesia, with their highest point being Puncak Jaya.
Peter Olofsson is a human who plays handball, and his given name is Peter. The statement also notes that he is distinct from another person named Peter Olofsson.
Nicula Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Nicula, an administrative territorial entity in Romania.
Panpepato is an Italian cake that originated in Italy and contains almonds as one of its ingredients.
Ircon International, a business in the rail transport industry, was founded in 1976 and has its headquarters in New Delhi.
Takumi Kuriyama is a human from Japan who plays as an outfielder for the Saitama Seibu Lions.
Riley Park in Sumter, South Carolina, United States, is a sports venue occupied by the South Atlantic League.
Marcos Rocha is a member of the Uberlândia Esporte Clube, where he was acquired through a specific transaction and has a defined start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Obermillstatt is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Millstatt, Austria, and its main category is listed under Category:Obermillstatt.
The 1953 Christchurch mayoral election was a mayoral election held in New Zealand, where the office of Mayor was contested. This election took place in 1953.
VentureCrowd, a company legally established as a company, was founded on January 1, 2013, and has its headquarters in Sydney.
Stadiums Limited, a company founded by John Wren in 1915, is organized as a company legal entity.
The SS Solomon Juneau is a ship built by the California Shipbuilding Corporation for the United States Navy and operated under the United States.
"The Weird Al Show" was created by "Weird Al" Yankovic and originally aired on CBS. The show features Gary LeRoi Gray as a cast member and is in the English language.
"Richard Stark's Parker: The Hunter" is an English language graphic novel authored by Darwyn Cooke and published by IDW Publishing. It is based on the novel "The Hunter" by Richard Stark.
Elliot Meyerowitz received the Gruber Prize in Genetics at a specific point in time while affiliated with his institution.
Diligent Corporation, a privately held company, was founded in 1994 and has its headquarters in New York City.
Pigeon Key, Florida, is a historic district located on Pigeon Key in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
Thomas Arnold held the position of head teacher, starting at a specific time and ending at another, but the exact start and end times are not specified in the provided information.
Sartimbamba District is a district in the Sánchez Carrión Province of Peru. It is part of the administrative territorial entity of Peru and shares a border with the Cochorco District.
WWEG is a radio station located in Maryland, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Myersville, Maryland.
Lake Borabay is a lake located in the Amasya Province of Turkey, and it is part of the country's drainage basin.
Blue Sky Aviation Services, an airline that began operations in 1996, is based in Kenya with its main hub at Moi International Airport.
South Street in Mayfair is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Farm Street.
Johannes Christiaan de Marez Oyens is a human who is the father of Hendrik Jan de Marez Oijens and the sibling of Hendrik Jan de Marez Oyens, making Hendrik Jan both his child and his sibling.
Core International was founded in 1979 by Hal Prewitt and operates in the computer hardware industry as a business.
Jimmy Adam is a human with the given name Jimmy, who plays as a midfielder for Stoke City F.C.
"Clivia" is an operetta, a type of light opera, composed by Nico Dostal and first performed on December 23, 1933.
Joanne Reid, a human who participates in biathlon, competed in the Biathlon World Championships in 2019.
The 1986 Taça de Portugal Final was held on 27 April 1986 at the Estádio Nacional, where S.L. Benfica emerged as both a participating team and the winner.
Manifesto Games is a business in the video game industry that was founded in 2005 and is based in the United States.
The Herald, an Irish daily newspaper published in English and formatted as a tabloid, is owned by Independent News & Media.
Evan Gray, whose given name is Evan, is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
Copia, a museum located in Napa, California, United States, was dissolved in 2008.
Frazer Field is a sports venue located in the United States and owned by the University of Delaware. It is occupied by the Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team.
Daniel Bragg, a human with the given name Daniel, is a midfielder who plays for Gold Coast United FC.
Ali Mombaini, whose given name is Ali, is a human who plays as a midfielder for the sports team Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
"No Men Beyond This Point" is a Canadian science fiction film distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films, with its original language being English.
The Island Tower Sky Club is a skyscraper located in Fukuoka, Japan, and was designed by Takenaka Corporation.
Pope's Flat is a river island located in Connecticut, United States, and it is situated in or next to the Housatonic River.
The Palisades is a neighbourhood located in Edmonton, Canada, and it shares a border with Wellington in Edmonton.
The 2002 film "Doctor Sleep" was produced by the BBC and features Shirley Henderson and John Rogan in its cast, with Niven Howie serving as the film editor.
UTI Asset Management, a mutual fund business, was established in 1964 and is headquartered in Mumbai.
The 2007 film "Normal" is an English-language Canadian production starring Carrie-Anne Moss and Andrew Airlie.
Vision Air Malaysia, an airline based in Malaysia with its hub at Miri Airport, was dissolved in 2003.
The Battle of Port Louis was a naval battle that took place on December 11, 1799, during the French Revolutionary Wars, involving the Kingdom of Great Britain as a participant.
"Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion," a book published in 2005, is authored by Milton R. Beychok and focuses on atmospheric dispersion modeling.
Star Realms is a board game developed by Darwin Kastle and published by White Wizard Games in 2014.
Plum High School is a high school located in the Plum Borough School District within Pennsylvania, United States.
The 2001 Brasil Open, organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), consists of separate events for different genders, with the men's tournament being distinct yet part of the overall event. It was followed by the 2002 Brasil Open.
Stamford, Lincolnshire is a town in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Stamford, and its main category is listed under Category:Stamford, Lincolnshire.
Citizen Khan, a show created by Adil Ray and originally aired on BBC One, features Shobu Kapoor as a cast member and is presented in the English language.
Nailya Gilyazova was born in Kazan, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Tatarstan, Russia.
The DSB Class EA is a locomotive class that is a subclass of electric locomotives, manufactured by Henschel & Son with a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement.
JQuery Mobile is a web framework written in JavaScript that is licensed under both the MIT License and the GNU General Public License.
Persiss Sorong is an association football club based in Indonesia that plays in the Liga Indonesia Second Division, competing in the sport of association football.
Mojave Moon is a film from the United States, distributed by GK Films, with Alfred Molina as a cast member and James Glennon as the director of photography.
Ettaler Manndl is a mountain located in the Ammergau Alps range in Bavaria, Germany.
Carrascosa de la Sierra is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Soria, and it shares a border with Valtajeros.
Chemical equilibrium is a subclass of both equilibrium and technique, and it is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia. Its main category is Chemical Equilibria.
Maharana Pratap Sagar, also known as Pong Dam, is a reservoir in India. The dam is located in India and its basin is also in India.
"Time and Again" is a novel published in English by Simon & Schuster, with time travel as its main subject and a narrative set in New York City.
Champion REIT, a business that began operations in 2006, is headquartered in Hong Kong and its stocks are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Bengo River is a river located in the Bengo Province of Angola, and it flows into the Atlantic Ocean.
West Meadows Ice Arena is a sports venue located in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, United States, and it is occupied by the Chicago Hitmen.
The Gable Mansion is a building located in California, United States, and it features Renaissance Revival architectural style.
Brewmeister Brewery is a brewery based in the United Kingdom, with its headquarters located in Aberdeenshire, operating in the brewing industry.
Aso Villa is a building located in Abuja, Nigeria, and it serves as an official residence.
Programa Xuxa is a television series that originated in Brazil, where it was originally broadcast in Portuguese on the network Rede Globo.
Hyuna is affiliated with Cube Entertainment, which she joined at a specific start time and left at a specific end time.
Fernando Pérez de Traba was a member of the House of Traba, had a sister named Rodrigo Pérez de Traba, was partnered with Theresa, Countess of Portugal, and had a child named Teresa Fernández de Traba.
The Beast, a TV series in English, aired on the American Broadcasting Company from June 13, 2001, to July 25, 2001.
Yavi Department is a department in Jujuy Province, Argentina, with its capital being La Quiaca. It is an instance of the administrative divisions known as Departments of Argentina.
CSI: Trilogy is a crossover television show that originated in the United States and aired on the CBS network.
Riggs Flat Lake is a lake located in Arizona, United States, and it is part of a drainage basin also within the United States.
The 1904 film "Faust and Marguerite," produced by the Star Film Company in France, is now in the public domain and is based on the opera "Faust."
"Viimne reliikvia" is an Estonian film distributed by Tallinnfilm. The film's narrative location is in Estonia, specifically within the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic.
WTT HK, a private company limited by shares owned by The Wharf (Holdings), was dissolved in 2019 and was subsequently replaced by Hong Kong Broadband Network.
Debevoise & Plimpton, a law firm founded in 1931, was established by William Stevenson and is headquartered in New York City.
Fieldings Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada, and it is part of the Canadian drainage basin.
Zurella, a female horse born on September 25, 2008, in New Zealand, has Zabeel as her father.
The 2001 Civic Democratic Party leadership election, which took place in the Czech Republic, was a leadership election held in 2001 to contest the position of party leader.
Grey Global Group, a marketing business, was founded on August 1, 1917, and its headquarters are located in New York City.
Rythme FM is a French-language radio station and broadcast network that began operating in 1999.
The Potomac Creek Bridge is a railway bridge located in Virginia, United States, and it crosses Potomac Creek.
Leslie Harrison Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia, and it is situated on Tingalpa Creek.
Ian Read held the position of Chief Executive Officer, serving from a specific start time until an end time.
Clearfield Area Junior/Senior High School is a high school located in the Clearfield Area School District in Pennsylvania, United States.
Kamiji Station, a train station in Japan, was established on November 8, 1922, and was later abolished on March 14, 1985.
Watlow, a privately held company, was founded in 1922 and has its headquarters in St. Louis.
Percewood's Onagram, a rock and pop band, was formed in Germany on January 1, 1969.
Atlixco is a city in Mexico and serves as the capital of the Atlixco Municipality.
The Sigma SD14 is a digital camera model that was introduced in 2007 by Sigma Corporation. It is a subclass of digital single-lens reflex cameras.
The MOL Enterprise is a container ship owned by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and manufactured by IHI Corporation. It is registered in Togo.
Liahavichy Castle is a castle located in Lyakhavichy, Belarus, and was founded by Jan Karol Chodkiewicz.
Leland I is a sculpture created by Bonnie Bronson and Lee Kelly in the United States.
The Marble Arch Caves, discovered in 1895, are a show cave located in County Fermanagh, United Kingdom.
Skindred, a heavy metal band formed in Newport, Wales, is signed to Napalm Records and features Benji Webbe as a member.
Scott Garthwaite, who is a human and goes by the name Punk Chef, has hearing loss.
The Snohomish County Public Utility District, a public utility business, was established in 1949 and has its headquarters in Everett, Washington.
Hip Hing Construction, a business founded by Cheng Yu-tung, was established on March 1, 1961, and its headquarters is located in Hong Kong.
Tamerna Djedida is a human settlement located in the Djamaâ District of Algeria and it shares a border with M'Rara.
Pickwick is an indie rock band from Seattle, United States, which falls under the broader category of rock and pop music.
Valdosta High School is a high school located in Valdosta, Georgia, United States, and it is part of the Valdosta City School District.
General is a Malayalam-language newspaper that was established in 1976 and is published in the broadsheet format.
HyperACCESS, a software developed by Hilgraeve, was first introduced in 1985 and operates on the Microsoft Windows operating system.
"Momentum," a film originating from the United States and distributed by GoDigital, is set in Washington, D.C., with Glen MacPherson serving as the director of photography.
North Charleston High School is a high school located in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States, and it is part of the Charleston County School District.
The 2005 Kiso mayoral election, which took place in Japan, was a mayoral election where the office of Mayor was contested.
Lebanon is a city in the United States, located in Marion County, Kentucky, and it serves as the county seat of Marion County.
The 1934 film "Stingaree" was directed by photography Leo Tover, had Lionel Belmore and Henry Stephenson as cast members, and was executive produced by Pandro S. Berman.
Ultraman Neos is a broadcasting program originating from Japan and originally aired on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting.
Gazelle, a business in the video game industry, was founded on January 1, 1995, and is based in Japan.
Villa Costanza is a villa veneta located in San Pietro in Cariano, Italy, and it features Palladian architecture.
Merry Maids, a business in the service industry, was founded in 1979 and has its headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House is a Renaissance Revival style house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rita Sullivan is a female television character with the given name Rita, who appears in the show "Coronation Street."
Peter Schutz held the position of Chief Executive Officer, with a specified start and end time for his tenure in the role.
Terang railway station, which was officially opened on 23 April 1887 and is named after the town of Terang, serves the area and is owned by VicTrack.
The Boeing XB-56 is a proposed bomber aircraft manufactured by Boeing in the United States.
Vijaydan Detha, who writes in the Rajasthani language and also received the Sahitya Akademi Award, is notably known for his work "Batan Ri Phulwari."
The Autograph Collection, a business founded by Richard C. Kessler in 2010, has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
L'Astronomie is a French-language periodical literature that focuses on astronomy and was first published in 1883.
The College Tribune is a tabloid-format newspaper that originated in the Republic of Ireland in 1989.
The River Waring is a river located in Lincolnshire, United Kingdom, and its mouth empties into the River Bain.
The Koeye River is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada, with its mouth flowing into the Pacific Ocean.
Susan Corrock, a human, participated in the 1972 Winter Olympics where she competed in Alpine skiing.
Candover Investments, a business that began in 1980, is headquartered in London and its stocks are listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Hollow Ground is a heavy metal band from South Shields, United Kingdom, where they were formed.
Villalba del Rey is a municipality in the province of Cuenca, Spain, and it serves as the capital of its own administrative entity.
The Gillespie Street-Clinton River Bridge is a road bridge located in the United States, specifically crossing the Clinton River in Michigan. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1947 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park and featured Aberdeen F.C. and Hibernian F.C. as participating teams, with Aberdeen F.C. emerging as the winner.
The Arammba language is a modern language spoken in Papua New Guinea, specifically indigenous to the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.
Boudouaou District, an administrative district in Algeria, is part of the Boumerdès Province and has Boudouaou as its capital.
Society Stores Supermarkets, a privately held company, was founded in 2014 and has its headquarters in Thika.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
The 1989 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was held at the Wankdorf Stadium, where FC Barcelona emerged as the winner after competing against U.C. Sampdoria.
WMVB is a radio station located in New Jersey, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Millville, New Jersey.
The 1908 Wellington City mayoral election was a mayoral election held in New Zealand to contest the position of Mayor of Wellington, taking place in 1908.
Winthrop Jordan was educated at Clark University, where he pursued an academic major and earned an academic degree.
Percy Lowe held the position of curator, starting at a specific time and ending at another specific time.
Jos North is a local government area in Plateau State, Nigeria, governed by the Jos North legislative council.
The 1998 Football League Cup Final, a match in association football, was held at Wembley Stadium (1923) and won by Chelsea F.C., who were one of the participating teams.
Amar Rashid is a human with the given name Amar. He is a member of the Unicorns cricket team and bowls with a leg break style.
The Interstate 182 Bridge carries Interstate 182 and the Sacagawea Heritage Trail while crossing the Columbia River, and it is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Blackfriars Road is a road located in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, and it connects with Westminster Bridge Road.
The Sea Princess is a cruise ship manufactured by Fincantieri and registered in Bermuda. Its home port is Monrovia.
DON Market, a retail business that started in 2007, has its headquarters in Ohrid.
"Shrek!" is a picture book published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, with illustrations by William Steig.
Friedrich Wilhelm von Buxhoeveden, also known as Fyodor, is a member of the Buxhoeveden family and received the Order of the White Eagle from Poland. He is the father of Peter von Buxhoeveden.
UFC 42 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Sandneset Point is both a headland and a peninsula located in Antarctica within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Elmira Free Academy is a high school located in the Elmira City School District within New York state, United States.
"Hare Splitter" is an animated short that is part of the "Merrie Melodies" series, produced by Edward Selzer for the United States. The original language of the film is English.
Supplementum Plantarum is a written work authored by Carl Linnaeus the Younger and published on April 1, 1782, in Braunschweig.
Luxim, a company, was founded in the year 2000 and has its headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
The Englebert Complex is a sports venue in the United States that officially opened in 1978 and is occupied by the Toronto Blue Jays.
The New Artists Alliance, a business in the film industry, was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Los Angeles.
François Jacob received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, which he shared with other recipients.
The Isaac H. Lionberger House, a building in the United States, was designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson and was built in 1887.
The Slingshot Cartel was established as a business in the video game industry on January 1, 2016, with its headquarters located in London.
The 1994 Thriftway ATP Championships, organized by the Women's Tennis Association, was the tournament that followed the 1993 Thriftway ATP Championships and was followed by the 1995 Thriftway ATP Championships. This event included a singles competition.
Austin & Pickersgill is a shipbuilding business that was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in England.
Rusk County Airport in Wisconsin serves the city of Ladysmith and is located in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States. It is an airport that provides transportation services to the area.
Thursday Theatre is a television series that started on October 8, 1964, and features Rachel Gurney and John Sharp as cast members.
"Sidereus Nuncius," written in Latin by Galileo Galilei, is a work of astronomy originating from Italy.
Maynard High School, located in Arkansas, United States, is part of the Maynard School District and is an instance of a state school.
Desert Strike is a single-player video game available on platforms like the Amiga and the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, and it is followed by Jungle Strike.
The Japan High School Baseball Federation, a public-service corporation with the legal form of a Public Interest Incorporated Foundation, was established on April 1, 2011, in Japan.
The Estonian Shipping Company, a public limited company, was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Tallinn.
"The Big Knights" is an English-language television show that premiered on BBC One on December 19, 1999, and features Morwenna Banks as a cast member.
Mazeppa is a French film directed by Bernard Zitzermann, with the main subject being a horse, and it was originally produced in the French language.
Air Kasaï, an airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, was founded in 1983 and operates with its hub at N'Dolo Airport.
The 1981 Bangladeshi presidential election, which took place in 1981, was a presidential election held in Bangladesh where the office of President was contested.
The Jungbu Expressway, which is part of the expressway system in South Korea, was inaugurated in 1987 and is an instance of a road located in South Korea.
Sharpeville is a township located in the Emfuleni Local Municipality of South Africa, and it is categorized under the main category "Category:Sharpeville."
William Horsley was a student of Charles Edward Horsley and the father of both John Callcott Horsley and Charles Edward Horsley. He is buried at Kensal Green Cemetery.
Léopold Renouard held the position of Governor, serving as governor from a specific start time until an end time, though the exact dates are not provided.
Bancannia Lake is a lake located in New South Wales, Australia, and it is part of the Australian drainage basin.
Art Front is a magazine that was founded in 1934 in the United States and published in New York City.
Interstate 20 in Mississippi is part of both the Interstate Highway System and the Mississippi State Highway System, and it is maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation. One terminus of Interstate 20 in Mississippi connects to Interstate 20 in Alabama.
Marshyhope Creek is a river located in Maryland, United States, and it flows into the Nanticoke River.
The 1964 United States presidential election in Kansas was a presidential election held on November 3, 1964, where voters contested for the office of President of the United States.
Putgarten is a municipality in Germany, located in the administrative territorial entity of Vorpommern-Rügen, and its main category is listed under Putgarten.
El Horreya SC is an association football club based in Egypt that plays in the Egyptian Second Division.
The American Blimp MZ-3 is a ship built by the American Blimp Corporation for the United States Navy and operated in the United States.
La Garrovilla is a municipality located in the Province of Badajoz, Spain, and it shares a border with Torremayor.
The Wheelbarrow Mine is a gold-producing mine located in Latah County, Idaho, United States.
Manfalut is a city located in the Asyut Governorate of Egypt, and its main category is listed under Category:Manfalut.
Cypher in the Snow is a punk rock band originating from the United States, specifically formed in California.
The Ted Lindsay Award, which replaced the Lester B. Pearson Award, is a sports award given in ice hockey and was first presented in 2009.
The Daily Dispatch is a newspaper published in Henderson, North Carolina, with its country of origin being the United States. It is owned by the Paxton Media Group.
Moreton Bay Marine Park was established in 1992 and is located in Queensland, Australia. It falls under IUCN category II, which designates it as a national park.
Midrash Proverbs is a book written in Hebrew and falls under the genre of Midrash. It is based on the Book of Proverbs.
The Qingdao Jiaozhou Bay tunnel, a road tunnel located in China, officially opened on July 1, 2011, with its terminus at Xihai'an.
Chakravyuh, a 2012 Indian film, was originally made in Hindi and features actors Manoj Bajpayee and Esha Gupta in its cast.
The Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong, founded by Jasper Tsang and chaired by Starry Lee, has its headquarters on King's Road in Hong Kong and adheres to the political ideology of Chinese nationalism.
Rivercrest High School, located in Arkansas, United States, is part of the Rivercrest School District and is an instance of a state school.
Welikada is a human settlement located in the Colombo District of Sri Lanka, and it shares a border with Rajagiriya.
The 2010 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park, where Dundee United F.C. emerged as the winners after competing against Ross County F.C.
Granada Reports is a television series that originated in England, where it was originally broadcast in English on the ITV Granada network.
The Cinaruco River is a river in Colombia that flows into the Orinoco and drains into the Amazon basin.
The Paris-Dakar Rally video game, developed by Acclaim Studios London and published by Acclaim Entertainment, is a multiplayer video game available on the PlayStation 2 platform.
The Tata Telcoline is a car model manufactured by Tata Motors under their brand. It was followed by the Tata Xenon.
Blount Island is a river island located in the St. Johns River and situated in Florida, United States.
James Emerson Tennent held the position of Colonial Secretary of Ceylon, serving from a specific start time to an end time, after which he was replaced by another individual.
Jaunpils is a village in Latvia, serving as the capital of Jaunpils Municipality and located within Jaunpils Parish.
"James May's Cars of the People" is a television series originating from the United Kingdom, distributed by BBC Worldwide, and presented in the English language.
Myrtos is a village located in the Ierapetra Municipality on the terrain feature of Crete, in Greece.
Eyemart Express, a retail business that began in 1990, has its headquarters in Farmers Branch, Texas.
Bobby Jindal was educated at the University of Oxford, where he obtained an academic degree. The specific end time of his studies is not provided.
Werner von Bercken, whose given name is Werner, held the military rank of Generalleutnant and was awarded both the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the German Cross in Gold.
Woods Bagot, an architectural firm founded by E.J. Woods in 1869, has its headquarters in Australia.
Conduit Avenue is a thoroughfare maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and is located in New York State, United States.
The Alliance of Women Directors, an organization based in the United States, was founded in 1997 and works in the field of film.
Trees Lounge, which was filmed in New York City, features Seymour Cassel and Anthony LaPaglia in its cast, with Lisa Rinzler serving as the director of photography.
The 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships, which followed the 2012 event and was followed by the 2014 championships, consisted of both men's and women's tournaments.
Bear Island Lake is a lake located in Birch Lake, Minnesota, within the United States, and it is part of a watershed also situated in the United States.
The Constituent National Assembly of South Korea, which is an instance of a legislative term, applies to the jurisdiction of South Korea and was followed by the 2nd Legislative Assembly.
The 2015 Charlotte mayoral election, which took place on November 3, 2015, in the United States, was an election to contest the office of Mayor.
Mdlaw Megbi is an association football club that plays in the Eritrean Premier League and has its home venue at Cicero Stadium.
Fairlop tube station is adjacent to Hainault tube station and connects to it via a connecting line, with services traveling towards Hainault.
Park Ridge High School is a high school located in Park Ridge, New Jersey, United States, and it is part of the Park Ridge Public Schools district.
Little Brewster Island is an island located in Boston Harbor and is part of Suffolk County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Quadron, an indie pop band formed in Copenhagen, was established in 2009.
Beijing Media Network, a television station that primarily covers Beijing Television, was founded in 1979 and is headquartered at the Beijing TV Centre.
The 1965 Austrian presidential election, which took place on May 23, 1965, was a presidential election in Austria where Franz Jonas emerged as the successful candidate.
"Mulberry" is a South Korean film produced by Lee Tae-won, originally in the Korean language, and it is based on the work by Na Do-hyang.
Cheng Fung is an association football club that plays in the Liga de Elite, with its home venue being the Estádio Campo Desportivo.
Transavia Corporation, a business that was established on January 1, 1965, had its headquarters in the City of Parramatta and was dissolved on January 1, 1985.
"The H-Man" is a Japanese film set in Tokyo, featuring Akihiko Hirata in the cast. Despite being a Japanese production, the original language of the film is English.
The Castellana Caves, discovered in 1938, are a show cave located in Castellana Grotte, Italy.
Cimitarra Airport, located in the Santander Department of Colombia, serves the town of Cimitarra and is an airport.
Brede House, designed by architect Andreas Kirkerup in the Neoclassical style, is part of the National Museum of Denmark and is designated as a monument on the Kulturstyrelsen register.
"The Demetian Mirror" is an English-language publication edited by Evan Watkin and published by John Cox in Aberystwyth.
Optimal Energy Joule, a business that began in 2004, had its headquarters in Cape Town but was dissolved in 2012.
Miss Earth México 2012 is an edition of the beauty pageant series Miss Earth México that took place in Mexico in 2012.
Romelu Lukaku played in the Belgian First Division A, where he was a member of a sports team during a specific period that had both a start and an end time.
Iway is a bridge located in Providence, Rhode Island, United States, and it crosses the Providence River.
TKK Fried Chicken, a business in the food industry, was founded on July 20, 1974, and its headquarters are located in New Taipei City.
Prem Aamar is a film written by Selvaraghavan and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. It is originally in the Bengali language and originates from India.
Pavel Torgayev, whose given name is Pavel, has played in the National Hockey League and has been a member of both the Calgary Flames and HC Fribourg-Gottéron.
Win Win Tint is a female human born in Yangon in 1975.
Turbo Tape Games is a video game developer that was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Bergen, operating within the video game industry.
Altira Macau is a hotel designed by Wong Tung & Partners and is located in Macau, China.
Alice Walker received the Lillian Smith Book Award for her work at a specific point in time.
Buck Lodge Middle School is a middle school located in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, and it is part of the Prince George's County Public Schools district.
The Littlest Man Band, a rock and pop band originating from the United States, was formed on January 1, 2003, and includes Scott Klopfenstein as a member.
The Kirondatal Gold Mine is a gold mine located in Tanzania, owned by Barrick Gold, and produces gold.
L'Autrichienne is a film that was filmed in Paris and features Jacques Saulnier as the production designer, along with cast members Jean-Pol Dubois and Catherine Erhardy.
Tsing Shan Tsuen stop, which was officially opened on September 18, 1988, is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by the MTR Corporation, and it connects to Light Rail Route 610.
Fly Eye Records, a record label founded by Calvin Harris, was established on January 1, 2009, in the United Kingdom.
Honda Cars India, a business in the automotive industry, was established on December 1, 1995, and its headquarters are located in Greater Noida.
Raaj Kamal Films International, a business founded by Kamal Haasan and headquartered in Chennai, was established in 1981.
Paris Mountain is a mountain located in the Blue Ridge Mountains range in Virginia, United States.
The FFB Stadium is a stadium located in Belmopan, Belize, and it serves as the home ground for the Belize national football team.
Musicadium, a business in the music industry, was founded on January 1, 2006, and its headquarters are located in Brisbane.
Madeleine M. Joullié was educated at Simmons University, where she completed her academic major and earned her academic degree.
"Mont Juic" is a musical suite composed by both Benjamin Britten and Lennox Berkeley, which had its first performance on January 8, 1938.
Ben Gardane Airfield, an aerodrome located in Tunisia, was established in 1943 and serves the city of Ben Gardane.
Lawrence Heights is a neighbourhood located in Ontario, Canada, and it shares a border with Downsview.
Ankavandra Airport, named after Ankavandra, is an airport located in Madagascar that serves the transport needs of Ankavandra.
Ballybofey railway station, located in the Republic of Ireland, was a train station that officially opened on June 3, 1895, and closed on December 15, 1947.
The Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute, founded and named after the scientist Nikolay Zhukovsky, is a key institution in the aviation industry and falls under the category of TsAGI.
The girls' doubles event at the 2019 Badminton Asia Junior Championships took place from July 20 to July 28, 2019, at the Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre in Suzhou.
Masakazu Konishi received the International Prize for Biology, which recognizes his contributions in a specific field of work, for a particular point in time, and acknowledges his country of citizenship.
National Highway 70 in India is a road that is part of the national highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
"Batman: Gotham County Line" is a limited series in the comic book universe featuring Batman as its main character. Written by Steve Niles, this series is followed by "Batman and the Monster Men."
Wedding Daze was filmed in New York City and features Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Joe Pantoliano in the cast, with Fisher Stevens serving as the executive producer.
Boistfort Peak is a mountain located in the Willapa Hills range within Washington state, United States.
"Skin," a short story written by Roald Dahl, was published in both "Skin and Other Stories" and The New Yorker.
SouthWest Energy, a business in the petroleum industry, was founded in 2005 and has its headquarters in Ethiopia.
Rama Sithanen is a human who practices Hinduism and held the position of Vice Prime Minister of Mauritius while being a member of the Militant Socialist Movement.
Deportivo Santa Cecilia is an association football club based in Nicaragua that plays in the Tercera División de Nicaragua.
Warrior is a Danish television miniseries directed by Christoffer Boe and originally aired on TV 2 in Denmark.
Sportanlage an der Feldgerichtstrasse is a sports venue located in Frankfurt, Germany, and it is occupied by SC 1880 Frankfurt.
The Devon Sharks, a rugby league team based in the United Kingdom, were founded in 2006 and also compete in rugby union.
Warren Beson is an athletic director who started and ended his tenure at a specific institution, though the exact start and end times and the institution are not provided.
Darkeden is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game published for Microsoft Windows on January 3, 2008.
"Gokujyo" is a Japanese TV series written in the Japanese language by Maya Miyazaki, with Satomi Akesaka providing voice acting.
The Sixaola River is a river in Costa Rica that flows into the Caribbean Sea. It is distinct from simply being called "Sixaola."
Hollywood Boulevard, which is named after Hollywood and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, starts at Sunset Boulevard and ends at Hollywood Hills West in Los Angeles.
The film "Men of Honor" was filmed in Long Beach, California, and features Joshua Leonard and Dulé Hill in its cast, with Bill Cosby serving as the executive producer.
Albarka Air, a Nigerian airline that began operations in 1999, was dissolved on April 30, 2007.
The Eleanor Cross is a monument located in the United Kingdom that was founded by Edward I of England. Its main subject is Eleanor of Castile.
Greenwell Street is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Bolsover Street.
"Night of the Wild" is a television film directed by Eric Red and distributed by The Asylum. It was published on October 1, 2015.
Oasis Investment Company, a manufacturing business that began in 1971, has its headquarters in Dubai.
Apocalypse World is a tabletop role-playing game created by Vincent Baker and published on February 1, 2010, as part of the movement associated with The Forge.
St. Paul's tube station is adjacent to Chancery Lane tube station and connects to it via a line that runs in both directions.
Discovery High School of Newton-Conover is a high school located in North Carolina, United States, and it is part of the Newton-Conover City Schools district.
Waukon High School is a high school located in the United States, specifically in Iowa, and it is part of the Allamakee Community School District.
Dreamland Margate is an amusement park located in Margate, United Kingdom, and it includes the Dreamland Cinema, Margate.
The Faith campaign, organized by the Ba'ath Party and starting in 1993, was a campaign conducted in Iraq.
STS-135 was significant for its docking and berthing of spacecraft, which occurred at a specific location and took place over a defined period from a start time to an end time.
Rusty Moe, a rock band that formed in Chennai in 2008, plays rock music.
Hervé Chapelier, a retail business that began in 1976, is headquartered in Paris.
The Financial Post, a periodical publication in the journalism industry, was founded in Canada in 1907.
Demon Strings, a rock and pop band, was formed in England, United Kingdom, in 2005.
The Warsaw Academy, located in New York state, United States, is a historically significant building listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
The Puclaro Dam is a dam located in Chile on the Elqui River, and it creates the Embalse Puclaro reservoir.
Vladimir Putin participated in the World Economic Forum, where he had a specific role, though the exact points in time of his participation are mentioned twice without additional details.
Goliath Management, a business founded by Paul Rosenberg in 1998, is headquartered in New York City.
Waheeda Rehman, who began her work period in 1955, has received several awards including the Padma Shri in arts and the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award. She is also married to Shashi Rekhi.
Alexander Petrov, whose surname is Petrov, is a Russian figure skater who participated in the senior men's singles event of the Dragon Trophy in 2019.
Forkston Mountain is a mountain located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is part of the Appalachian Mountains range.
KColorEdit is an application software for Linux that is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is programmed in C++.
Carnesville is a city in the United States and serves as the capital of Franklin County, Georgia, where it is also located administratively.
"Mysteries of a Barbershop" is a German film originally produced in Germany. The cast includes Kurt Horwitz and Blandine Ebinger.
The Eagle Mine in Michigan is a copper mine located in the state of Michigan, United States.
Gazela is a ship located in Pennsylvania, United States, where it serves as a museum ship.
Barings Bank, founded by Sir Francis Baring, 1st Baronet, is a public limited company headquartered in London and operates in the finance industry.
Likoma Airport, located in the Northern Region of Malawi, serves the island of Likoma and is an airport within the country of Malawi.
A potato waffle is a type of waffle and a potato dish that originated in the United Kingdom, made with potatoes as a key ingredient.
Gondwana Records, founded by Matthew Halsall and based in Manchester, includes artists such as GoGo Penguin and the Portico Quartet.
RagWing Aircraft Designs, a business in the aerospace industry, was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Belton, South Carolina.
The Liverpool International Tennis Tournament, which began in 2002, is a tennis tournament played on grass courts.
MindGym is a video game that was published for Microsoft Windows on an unspecified day in 1996, originating from the United Kingdom.
Chryseobacterium greenlandense is a Gram-negative bacterial species that belongs to the genus Chryseobacterium and is classified as a taxon.
Massillon Washington High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States, and it belongs to the Massillon City School District.
Kdenlive is a video editing software written in C++ and uses the Qt framework. It is designed to operate on both FreeBSD and Microsoft Windows operating systems.
Kryvyi Rih serves as the capital of Kryvyi Rih Raion, with a specified start time and end time for its administrative status within the raion.
Fireman Sam, originally presented by John Alderton and broadcast in the Welsh language on the network S4C, first aired on December 26, 1985.
123rf is a stock photography business that was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago.
Malitel is a business operating in the mobile phone industry in Mali, and it is a subsidiary of Sotelma.
The GMA Kapuso Foundation, an organization founded by Mel Tiangco, was established in 1991 and has its headquarters at the GMA Network Center.
Vice Squad is a German television series that originally aired on the RTL network in Germany. The show is in the German language.
"Shadows of Tombstone," directed by Bud Thackery and produced by Republic Pictures, features Julian Rivero and Richard Avonde in its cast.
AvtoRadio is a radio station that began operating on April 5, 1993, in Russia, and it uses the Ukrainian language.
Arq Group, a business founded in 1996, was established by the University of Melbourne and has its headquarters in Melbourne.
Innospec is a business headquartered in the United States, with its stock listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
The 2018 Lampung gubernatorial election was a gubernatorial election held in Indonesia to contest the position of Governor, taking place in early 2018.
Sodom Lake is a lake located in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia, Canada, and it is part of the Canadian drainage basin.
Riverview Dam is a dam located in the United States, situated on the Chattahoochee River and serving the ACF River Basin.
"Introduction to the Reading of Hegel," authored by Alexandre Kojève and originating from France, is a book that focuses on the works of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
The Heyworth Building is an architectural structure designed by D.H. Burnham & Company and is located in Illinois, United States.
The Red River is a river in the United States that flows into the Cumberland River and is part of the Cumberland River basin.
Giovanni Pietro de Bono, whose given name is Giovanni, was a Diocesan bishop in the Catholic Church and a member of the Dominican Order.
Ron Rivest received the Turing Award at a specific point in time, along with other recipients.
Lesnoy Gorodok is a human settlement located in the Lesnoy Gorodok urban settlement, which is part of Russia, and it serves as the capital of this urban settlement.
Zumba Dance Fitness Party is a Hindi-language television series that originated in India and is distributed by The Times Group.
Highland Park High School in Saint Paul, Minnesota, is part of the Saint Paul Public Schools district and is located in the United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Luxgen U7 is a car model manufactured by Luxgen, which is a sport utility vehicle powered by a petrol engine.
Mitteldeutsche Zeitung, a daily newspaper and periodical literature, was founded in 1946 and has Alfred Neven DuMont as its editor.
Joan Sebastian received the Latin Grammy Award for Best Banda Album for his work at a specific point in time.
Bateman Park is a sports venue located in British Columbia, Canada, and it is occupied by the University of the Fraser Valley.
Carl Schotten, a human, was educated at Leipzig University under the guidance of his doctoral advisor, Ferdinand Tiemann.
Columbian High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States, and it is part of the Tiffin City School District.
Mohamed Amin Didi served as the President of the Maldives, holding the position from a specific start time until an end time when he was replaced by another individual.
Michel Friedman earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree at a specific point in time, during which he was educated under the guidance of his doctoral advisor.
Perry Park in Brisbane is a stadium located in Queensland, Australia, and it is occupied by the Brisbane Strikers FC.
Sheila Birtles is a female television character with the given name Sheila, who appears in the work "Coronation Street."
Petteri Taalas was educated at the University of Helsinki, where he obtained his academic degree as part of his main subject studies.
Cockspur Island is an island located within the Fort Pulaski National Monument in Georgia, United States.
Sweden's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2015 was an instance of the country's involvement in the competition as part of the series "Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest."
Park Dinor is a diner in the United States, designed by Silk City Diners, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The film "Legs of Gold" was filmed in Apulia and features Turi Pandolfini and Luigi Pavese in its cast, with Piero Filippone serving as the production designer.
Newton-Conover High School is a high school located in North Carolina, United States, and it is part of the Newton-Conover City Schools district.
Xiangyun Airport is an airport located in Xiangyun County, China, and it serves transportation needs within China.
Laaksonen is a Finnish surname written in the Latin script, and it is distinct from other possible variations or spellings of "Laaksonen."
Talfaza Jaya is a film or TV show originally in Arabic, produced in Tunisia, and features cast members Jamel Sassi and Hichem Rostom.
Son Tae-jin is a human who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in taekwondo and was educated at Dankook University.
The John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge is a bridge located in New Jersey, United States, and it crosses the Raritan River.
The James Gamble House is a historic residence listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States. It is known for its Renaissance Revival architectural style.
Bates Island, located in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States, is an island situated next to Lake Chaubunagungamaug.
Bo Jackson Baseball, designed by Scott Orr, is available on both the Nintendo Entertainment System and DOS, and it features multiplayer gameplay.
Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Thomas Habinek was educated at Princeton University, where he completed his academic major and earned his academic degree.
The Suzuki Cervo is a car model manufactured by Suzuki, which follows the Suzuki Fronte in the lineup.
Upper Harker Lake is a lake located in Kidder County, North Dakota, United States.
Cabo Rojo Airport is an airport located in Pedernales, Dominican Republic, where it serves the local transportation needs of the area.
Parivartana is a Telugu-language film or TV show from India, featuring Ramana Reddy and Chadalavada Kutumba Rao in its cast.
Ranchview High School is a high school located in Irving, Texas, which is part of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District in the United States.
IP Systems, a business in the energy industry, was founded in 2008 and has its headquarters in Budapest.
"The Horns of Elfland," edited by Ellen Kushner and Delia Sherman, was published by Roc Books and is written in the English language.
The Wailoa River State Recreation Area is a landform located on the island of Hawaii in the United States.
The Sweden Super League, a rugby league sports league in Sweden, was established in 2010.
The Miner River is a river located in the Tasman District of New Zealand, and it flows into the Roding River.
Sneaker is a pop rock band from Los Angeles, United States.
The Michigan Every Three Weekly is a newspaper published in Ann Arbor, Michigan, with the United States as its country of origin and country of publication.
"Salammbo: Battle for Carthage" is a single-player video game developed by Cryo Interactive, which is both inspired by and based on the work "Salammbô."
Pelagos is a village located in the Tripoli Municipality on the Peloponnese in Greece.
Bruce Chizen held the position of Chief Executive Officer, serving from a specific start time until an end time.
"Thunder on Sycamore Street" is a television series episode directed by David Cahill, which was originally aired on July 23, 1960, in the English language.
Beaufort railway station in Victoria was officially opened on 11 August 1874 and closed on 27 May 1994. It is owned by VicTrack and its adjacent station is Wendouree railway station.
TRT Türk, headquartered in Ankara and operating in the journalism industry across Turkey, is a subsidiary of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.
The Smith River National Recreation Area is a protected landscape/seascape located in California, United States, and it falls under IUCN category V as a national recreation area.
Sergei Gunko was born in Samara, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
MJ Gleeson, a business that began in 1903, is headquartered in Fleet, Hampshire, and its stocks are listed on the London Stock Exchange.
"The Sisters" is a painting created by James Collinson in 1860 on canvas.
The Manawatu rugby league team was founded on January 1, 1957, in New Zealand, where they compete in the sport of rugby league.
RCN Radio, a radio network in Colombia that uses the French language, was established on January 1, 1949.
Gunsight Lake in Idaho is a glacial lake located in the United States, specifically within the state of Idaho. The lake's basin is also situated in the United States.
South End Press was founded in Boston by Lydia Sargent and Juliet Schor, and it is named after the South End neighborhood of Boston.
"Shagird," an Indian action thriller film released in 2011, was distributed by Reliance Entertainment and originally produced in Hindi.
The International MXT-MV, manufactured and designed by Navistar International, entered service on January 1, 2006, and originates from the United States.
Yiynova, a public company, was founded in 2008 and has its headquarters in Taipei.
The National Spot Exchange, a business in the service sector of the economy, was established in 2005 and has its headquarters in Mumbai.
Karla Rothstein was educated at the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, where she completed her academic degree in her chosen major.
Automatix, a business founded by Victor Scheinman on January 1, 1980, has its headquarters in Billerica, Massachusetts.
Northeastern High School, located in Manchester, Pennsylvania, is part of the Northeastern York School District and is an instance of a high school in North America within the United States.
Tuesday Morning, a business that began in 1974, has its headquarters in Dallas and is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Saint Wenna, a queen, belonged to both the Celtic Britons and the Welsh people, and she spoke and wrote in both the Cornish and Welsh languages.
"The Fourposter" is a play authored by Jan de Hartog, which had its first performance on October 24, 1951, at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.
"Newman and Baddiel in Pieces" is a television comedy series that originated in the United Kingdom and originally aired on BBC Two.
Flea Market Music, a company founded in 1992, operates in the publishing industry.
Francofonia is a film with a narrative set in France, originally produced in the French language. It was directed by photography artist Bruno Delbonnel and originated from the Netherlands.
Nuremberg North is a federal electoral district in Germany located in Bavaria, where Sebastian Brehm was a successful candidate.
The Honda CBX550F is a motorcycle model in the Honda CB series, manufactured by Honda and powered by a four-stroke engine.
The 2006 Dubai Tennis Championships, which was part of the tennis calendar and included the 2006 Dubai ATP tournament, followed the 2005 Dubai Tennis Championships and was followed by the 2007 Dubai Tennis Championships.
People for Successful Korean Reunification is an organization based in North Korea with its headquarters in Seoul. The organization works in the field of promoting Korean reunification.
The 1980 Ottawa municipal election was a municipal election held in Canada where candidates contested for the position of Member of Ottawa City Council.
The Borghese Collection, founded by Scipione Borghese, is part of both the Louvre and the Galleria Borghese, with its main category being Galleria Borghese.
Sondika is a municipality in Spain, located in the Greater Bilbao administrative territorial entity, and it shares a border with Zamudio.
Goguac Lake is a lake located in Calhoun County, Michigan, within the United States. The lake's drainage basin is also in the United States.
Empress of Blandings is a female fictional pig created by P.G. Wodehouse and owned by Lord Emsworth.
Neo, a constructed language created by Arturo Alfandari in 1961, is an international auxiliary language.
Azza Transport, an airline based in Sudan, was founded in 1993 and operates with its hub at Khartoum International Airport.
Guido Maria Casullo held the position of territorial prelate for a specific diocese, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Jackson Lake Lodge is a National Historic Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It features Rustic architecture and is located within the Grand Teton National Park.
Banca Carim, formed in Rimini, operates in the financial services industry and has the legal form of a Società per azioni. It is a subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Italia.
The Taganrog Palace of Youth is a tourist attraction located in Taganrog, Russia, and it features an architectural style characteristic of Constructivism.
Stunt Squad is an Italian television show or film originally in the Italian language, which is set in the region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy, and features Vittorio Mezzogiorno as a cast member.
The Bellarmine Knights represent Bellarmine University and are a university and college sports club based in the United States. Their main category is Bellarmine Knights.
Brighto Paints, a privately held company, was founded in 1973 and has its headquarters in Lahore.
The Italian Hockey League, which began in 1935, is an ice hockey league based in Italy that starts its season in September.
The Tula de Allende Cathedral is a cathedral located in Tula de Allende, Mexico, and it is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tula.
Elektroprivreda HZ HB, a public company, was established on August 28, 1992, and its headquarters are located in Mostar.
The Ninja Warriors, a single-player video game released in 1994, was developed by Natsume and published by Taito for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Georgia State Stadium, which opened officially on August 18, 2017, replaced Turner Field and hosts American football games for the Georgia State Panthers football team.
The Odelouca River is a river located in the Faro District of Portugal, and it flows into the Arade River.
Prince Ali Stadium is a stadium located in Jordan and is used for association football. It is occupied by Mansheyat Bani Hasan.
Governador Island, which is part of the Ilha do Governador administrative territorial entity in Brazil, is an island located in Guanabara Bay.
The Pratt & Whitney Canada PW100 is a turboprop engine family manufactured by Pratt & Whitney Canada and used in aircraft engines.
Lewis Leathers, a business that was formed in London on January 1, 1892, has its headquarters in the same city.
"Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs" is a basketball game published and developed by Electronic Arts as part of the NBA Live video game series.
The 1872 Danish Folketing election was a Danish parliamentary election held on September 20, 1872, where members of the Folketing were contested for in Denmark.
Monroe Area High School is a high school located in the state of Georgia, United States, and it is part of the Walton County School District.
Holy Name Cathedral in Steubenville, Ohio, is a Catholic cathedral located in the United States and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville.
The Flag of Buenos Aires, a municipal flag of Argentina, was inaugurated on September 28, 1995, and it applies to the jurisdiction of Buenos Aires.
The Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences is a learned society based in Canada, with its headquarters in Ottawa. It focuses its work on the humanities.
Homi K. Bhabha, who was influenced by Frantz Fanon and works at Harvard University, speaks and writes in English. He is also married to Jacqueline Bhabha.
Bison (Siemering) is a bronze sculpture created by Rudolf Siemering on January 1, 1902, depicting a bison.
"Come Back, Little Sheba" is a play written by William Inge, set in the United States, and it had its first performance at the Westport Country Playhouse.
The 2018 Euroformula Open Championship is an auto racing event that includes a specific start and end time, with the sport competed in being part of the auto racing discipline.
Jackson Creek in Toronto is a river located in Ontario, Canada, with its mouth at Lake Ontario.
Miley Cyrus, who is influenced by Dolly Parton and plays the electric guitar, has a sibling named Brandi Cyrus and speaks English.
"The Coldest Winter Ever" is an English language novel published by Pocket Books, set in New York City, and is followed by the book "Midnight and the Meaning of Love."
The Ford Torino Talladega is a car model named after the Talladega Superspeedway, manufactured by Ford Motor Company under the Ford brand.
Kamaran is an island located in the Red Sea and is part of Kamaran District in Yemen.
NRC School, founded in 1950, is a university-affiliated institution in India that offers the Secondary School Certificate.
Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp held the office of Prime Minister of Sweden, was a member of a political party, and served from a specific start time until an end time.
Saint Edward State Park is a Washington state park located in Kenmore, Washington, United States. The park includes the St. Edward Seminary as part of its facilities.
"The Bees" is a science fiction and horror film distributed by New World Pictures, and it is originally in the English language.
Amalgamated Dynamics, a business founded by Tom Woodruff Jr. in 1988, has its headquarters in Los Angeles.
Ace Metrix, a company founded in 2007, is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
Bossangoa is a city in the Central African Republic, serving as the capital of the Ouham administrative territorial entity.
Packet Design is a business that was founded in 2003 in the United States and produces networking hardware.
The Kinsale Sevens, a rugby union sports league, was inaugurated in 1998 and focuses on the discipline of rugby union.
Sun Devil Stadium, designed by Edward L. Varney Associates, primarily hosts American football games for both the Arizona State Sun Devils football team and the Arizona Cardinals.
Lake Tairutu is a lake located in the Northland Region of New Zealand. It is situated within the country of New Zealand, which also serves as its basin country.
The Qingdao University Gymnasium is an arena located in Qingdao, China, and it is occupied by the Qingdao Eagles.
Eston Kohver, whose full name is Eston Kohver, is a human who was detained at Lefortovo Prison.
Gnangara Road is a road located in Western Australia, Australia, and it partially coincides with State Route 84.
"Trees and Undergrowth" is a landscape painting series created by Vincent van Gogh, and the final assembly of these paintings took place in Paris.
Smixi is a human settlement located in the Grevena Municipality within Western Macedonia, Greece.
Light Blast is a film or TV show that originated in Italy, where it was directed by Sergio D'Offizi and produced in the Italian language, but its narrative takes place in the United States.
Slender Rising 2 is a single-player video game for the iOS platform that was published on January 16, 2014.
Celtix is a free software instance written in the Java programming language that runs on the Java Virtual Machine and is licensed under the Eclipse Public License.
Suminter India Organics, a privately held company, was founded in 2003 and has its headquarters in Mumbai.
Odense Sports Park is a sports venue located in Odense, Denmark, and it includes the Odense Isstadion.
Metro City Bank, which was founded on January 1, 2014, is a bank operating in the finance industry within the United States.
PC Building Simulator is a simulation video game available on the Microsoft Windows platform through GOG.com.
SpeedWeed is a company that was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Los Angeles.
The Slana River is a river located in Alaska, United States, and it flows into the Copper River in Alaska.
George Woodcock, a human whose native language is English, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was proficient in English.
The Mascarene crow is a species that is endemic to the Mascarene Islands and is listed as a vulnerable species by the IUCN. However, there seems to be a discrepancy because typically "parentTaxon" would refer to a higher taxonomic rank like genus, but here it is linked to Euploea, which is actually a genus of butterflies, not related to crows. Assuming this might be an error, the primary facts about the Mascarene crow include its taxonomic status and conservation status.
Sharif Bey is a male human born in Pittsburgh in 1974.
Little River is a tributary of the Big River and is an instance of a river located in Maine, United States. Its mouth is at the Merrimack River.
The Ohikanui River is a river located in the West Coast region of New Zealand, where it flows into the Buller River.
The Grand Enchantment Trail is a trail in the United States that offers views of the Sonoran Desert and terminates in Phoenix, Arizona.
"Molasses" is a comedy film from Egypt, where the narrative is also set. The original language of the film is Arabic.
Interstate 80 in Wyoming is maintained by the Wyoming Department of Transportation and forms part of the state highway system. Its western terminus is at U.S. Route 189, while its eastern terminus is at Interstate 80 in Nebraska.
Idea Jalsa is a television show that originated in India. It originally aired on the Zee TV network and is in Hindi.
The White Sewing Machine Company, founded by Thomas White, produces sewing machines and home appliances and is part of the Electrolux group.
The Dubai Airports Company, a business that operates in the fixed-base operator industry, was established in 2008 and is headquartered in Dubai.
Intelsat VA F-12, a communications satellite, was launched on September 28, 1985, aboard an Atlas G rocket, marking a significant event in its mission.
Conestoga Township, located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States, is situated next to Pequea Creek and is an instance of a township in Pennsylvania.
Dutton Cars, an automobile manufacturer in the automotive industry, was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Littlehampton.
The portrait "Portrait of Charles V with a Dog" depicts Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, along with his dog, which is a type of dog known as a Dogo.
Joseph Maguire attended Manhattan College, where he began his studies at a certain start time, completed them at a specific end time, and earned an academic degree.
The 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships, which followed the 2015 edition and was succeeded by the 2017 event, consisted of both men's and women's tournaments.
The Descriptive Catalogue, authored by William Blake and published in 1809, is a book that is now in the public domain.
Pauline Hoarau, a human, resides in New York City. Her full name consists of the given name Pauline and the family name Hoarau.
Parkdean Resorts, a business in the tourism industry, was established on January 1, 2015, and is owned by Onex Corporation.
WWJZ is a radio station located in New Jersey, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Mount Holly, New Jersey.
Richwood High School, located in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, is a high school in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Ouachita Parish School Board.
KUBC is a radio station located in Colorado, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Montrose, Colorado.
Group Nine Media, a company legally established as a company, was founded on January 1, 2016, and is headquartered in New York City.
"Garuda di Dadaku" is an Indonesian film originally produced in the Indonesian language and centered around the theme of association football. The country of origin for this film is Indonesia, and it was edited by Cesa David Luckmansyah.
Graceland Cemetery Chapel is a cemetery chapel located in Avoca, Iowa, United States, and it features Gothic architecture.
Janq'u Qullu is a mountain located in the La Paz Department of Bolivia within the Andes mountain range.
Stavanger RK, a sports club based in Norway, was founded in 1978 and competes in rugby union.
Brigadier Ambrose, an alternative rock band formed in Chatham, Kent, was established in 2006.
Sucuri, a business founded by Daniel B. Cid in 2010, has its headquarters in Menifee, California.
Lucille Hutton, a female human, was born in Indiana and her given name is Lucille.
Schola Antiqua, Madrid was founded in 1984 by Laurentino Sáenz de Buruaga and is a rock and pop band from Spain.
The MacArthur Causeway is a bridge in the United States that crosses Biscayne Bay and is maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation.
Andrei Sergeyev was born in Simferopol, which is located in an administrative territorial entity in Ukraine.
The Bisnovat SK-1 is an aircraft subclass of Aircraft, manufactured by Matus Bisnovat in the Soviet Union, with its first flight occurring on January 1, 1939.
Lake Letas is a lake located in Vanuatu and is designated as a tentative World Heritage Site.
The Lock Up is a business that was founded in 1976 and formed in Northbrook, Illinois. Its headquarters are located in Northfield, Illinois.
Granger High School, located in Granger, Texas, is part of the Granger Independent School District in the United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Brentford Dock is a marina located in Brentford, United Kingdom, situated next to the River Thames.
The Stoa of Eumenes is an ancient structure in Greece that is named after Eumenes II and known for its Hellenistic architectural style. It is designated as a listed archaeological site in Greece.
"Hindle Wakes" is a play written by Stanley Houghton and originally produced in the United Kingdom. The narrative of the play is set in Lancashire.
Veeraana is a film from the Maldives, directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu, and was published in 2010.
Barbara Asher Ayisi is a head teacher whose role includes specifying the start time, end time, and field of work for her responsibilities.
"You Should Be So Lucky" is a television show that originally aired on BBC from February 19, 1986, to February 11, 1987.
Enfidaville Airfield, an airstrip located in Tunisia, was established in 1943 and serves the transport hub of Enfidha.
Dalzavod, a shipbuilding enterprise, was established in 2011 and has its headquarters on Svetlanskaya Street.
Groovesect is a rock and pop band that was formed in New Orleans, United States, in 2006.
"Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop" is a Hindi television show distributed by Viacom 18, which originates from India.
Thiene Cathedral is a church located in Thiene, Italy, and it is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Padua.
The Freedom of the Press Foundation, a nonprofit organization founded by Rainey Reitman, was established on December 17, 2012, in the United States.
Wine to Water, a business founded by Doc Hendley in 2003, is headquartered in Boone, North Carolina.
Mount Rodica is a mountain located in the Julian Alps range within Slovenia.
Papa Grows Funk is a funk band from the United States, with Russell Batiste Jr. as a member.
The DeSoto Diplomat is a car model manufactured by DeSoto, an automobile brand based in the United States.
The Setting Net Lake mine is a mine located in Ontario, Canada, and it produces molybdenum.
Old City Hall in Philadelphia is located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it serves as a museum. The building was designed by the architect William Strickland.
The Wallaby Team of the Decade is a national rugby union team from Australia that competes in rugby union competitions.
Jianggan District is a district in China, located in Hangzhou, and it contains the administrative territorial entity Sijiqing, Hangzhou.
"Spartakus and the Sun Beneath the Sea" is a French animated series created by Nina Wolmark and originally broadcast on France 2.
The Morell River is a river in the Republic of Ireland that flows into the Irish Sea and is a tributary of the Painestown River.
The television show "White Irish Drinkers" is set in Brooklyn and filmed in New York City, with Geoffrey Wigdor as a cast member. The show originates from the United States.
Abdelouahed Souhail was educated at the University of Hassan II Casablanca, where he completed his academic degree in a specific major and graduated at a certain end time.
La Quinta Inns & Suites, a business in the hotel industry, was founded in 1968 and has its headquarters in Irving, Texas.
"The Bad Kids" is a film produced in the United States with English as its original language. Keith Fulton is the producer, and Louis Pepe served as the director of photography.
Boing Boing is a group blog that was founded in January 1995 by Mark Frauenfelder and is based in the United States.
The Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge, which officially opened on December 20, 2003, carries Interstate 93 and crosses the Charles River, and is maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation.
Eric D. Walrond, whose given name is Eric, is an Afro-Guyanese writer who received the William E. Harmon Foundation Award for Distinguished Achievement Among Negroes and is buried at Abney Park Cemetery.
Costanzo I Sforza, a member of the House of Sforza, spoke and wrote in Italian. He was married to Camilla Marzano d'Aragona and had a child named Giovanni Sforza.
Dancing Trees is a Canadian production originally in the English language, featuring Brooke Burns as a cast member.
Dunkin' Donuts, founded by William Rosenberg, is a gastronomy company that operates under the parent organization Dunkin' Brands and its stock is traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
WPCL is a radio station located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania.
"My Friend Lefterakis" is a Greek film with Nikitas Platis and Katerina Yioulaki in the cast, and it was photographed by Nikos Dimopoulos.
"The Winning Way" is a book about cricket written by Harsha Bhogle and was published on January 1, 2011.
The Journal of Ethnobiology, published in the English language from Flagstaff, Arizona, is a periodical literature that began publication on January 1, 1981.
Meigs High School is a state school located in Pomeroy, Ohio, and it is part of the Meigs Local School District in the United States.
Bonnie Castle Recreation Center is a sports venue located in New York State, United States, and it is occupied by the Watertown Wolves.
Lester Wire, a human, was born in Salt Lake City and is buried in Salt Lake City Cemetery.
Lake Poukawa is a lake located in the Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand.
Udine Castle is an art museum located in Udine, Italy, and it features Renaissance architecture.
Midnight Peacocks, an alternative metal band, was formed in Tel Aviv in 2004.
Manresa Road is a street located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, United Kingdom, and it connects with the King's Road.
Seizin Press, a publisher founded in Spain by Laura Riding, was established on January 1, 1927.
The Gulfstream G550 is an aircraft model within the Gulfstream G500/G550 family, manufactured by Gulfstream Aerospace and used for executive transport.
Christiane Amanpour was educated at the University of Rhode Island, where she completed her academic major and earned her degree.
The National Newark Building, a skyscraper in the United States, was built in 1931 and was designed by architects John H. and Wilson C. Ely.
Oleksandr Svystunov was born in Yalta, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Ukraine.
Karuzi is a human settlement and the capital of Karuzi Province in Burundi.
The Tai Tong Road stop, which was officially opened on September 18, 1988, is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation but operated by the MTR Corporation, and it connects to Light Rail Route 610.
RT Aerostats Systems, a business in the aerospace industry, was founded in 1996 and has its headquarters in Yavne.
Cape Coral High School is a high school located in Florida, United States, and it is part of the School District of Lee County in Florida.
Agordat Airport, named after the town of Agordat, is an airstrip located in Eritrea that serves the transportation needs of Agordat.
BSAT-2c, a communications satellite, was launched on 11 June 2003 aboard an Ariane 5 rocket, marking a significant event in its mission.
Troy Peak is a mountain located in the Grant Range within Nevada, United States.
Wood Lane tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station and connects to it via a line that runs towards it.
"Ciao, Professore!" was filmed in Apulia and produced by Vittorio Cecchi Gori and Ciro Ippolito. The original language of the film is Italian.
"The Night That Panicked America" is a television movie produced in the United States, originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), distributed by Paramount Television, and in English.
The 1996 Coupe de la Ligue Final was held at the Parc des Princes and featured FC Metz and Olympique Lyonnais. FC Metz emerged as the winner of the match.
Queenscliff Low Light is a lighthouse located in Victoria, Australia. It began its service in 1863.
Beta News Agency, a news agency based in Serbia, was founded on January 1, 1992, and operates in the news media industry.
Madonna dell'Udienza is a marble sculpture created by Antonello Gagini and was completed in 1515.
The British Weights and Measures Association, an advocacy group based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1995 and works in the field of metrication within the country.
Dean Koontz, a human, is known for his education at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania and is described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
The Freedom Quilting Bee is a collective in the United States founded by Lucy Mingo. It is distinct from the Quilts of Gee's Bend.
"The Lost House" is a silent film from the United States distributed by Mutual Film and is now in the public domain.
Streymin Bridge, located in the Faroe Islands, is a bridge that officially opened on October 30, 1973, and it crosses Sundini.
Portland Energy Conservation, a business founded in 1979, was established by and has its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.
Rushland station, a train station in the United States, was officially opened in 1891 and closed in 1952.
Ghatal Rabindra Satabarsiki Mahavidyalaya, a university affiliated with Vidyasagar University, was established in 1961 and is located in India.
"Love Always, Santa" is a film distributed by Hallmark Movies & Mysteries and produced by MarVista Entertainment. It originates from the United States and was originally made in the English language.
Poonch is a town in India, serving as the capital of Poonch district, where it is also located administratively.
RSRCHXchange, a financial technology company, was founded in 2014 and operates as a company in the financial technology industry.
The 1976 All England Open Badminton Championships took place from March 24 to March 28, 1976, at the Wembley Arena in London.
Sergey Kiriyenko served as the head of government in Russia. He started his term at a specific time and was a member of a political party, but his tenure ended at a later time.
Redneck Zombies is a comedy horror and science fiction film produced by Troma Entertainment, and it is originally in the English language.
The 1991 Football League Cup Final was held at Wembley Stadium (1923) and featured Manchester United F.C. and Sheffield Wednesday F.C., with Sheffield Wednesday F.C. emerging as the winners.
The New England Wild Flower Society is a voluntary association based in Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, and operates as a nonprofit organization.
Stratos is a Greek-language film produced in Greece, with Christos V. Konstantakopoulos as the producer and Vangelis Mourikis as one of its cast members.
The Ramsauer Ache is a river in Germany that flows through Bavaria and is a tributary of the Bischofswieser Ache.
Hung Shing Yeh Beach is a beach located on Lamma Island in Hong Kong, China.
North Bergen High School is a high school located in North Bergen, New Jersey, United States, and it is part of the North Bergen School District.
Sam Shing stop is operated by the MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It opened officially on February 2, 1992, and serves as a connecting service for the MTR Light Rail Route 505.
The London Griffins were founded in 2005 and compete in both rugby league and rugby union in the United Kingdom.
Onda Latina is an Italian-language television channel that began in 2009 and is owned by GEDI Gruppo Editoriale.
The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions, a tennis tournament organized by the Women's Tennis Association and part of the Year-End Championships, was held in Nusa Dua.
Sugar Daddies, a film directed by George Stevens, features Noah Young and Edna Marion in its cast and was edited by Richard C. Currier.
John Mearsheimer earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree at a specific location, under the guidance of a doctoral advisor, at a particular point in time.
50 Kennedy Plaza, a skyscraper in the United States, was inaugurated in 1985 and was designed by the architectural firm HOK.
Gravine Island is a river island located in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States, and it is situated in or next to the Tensaw River.
The Idaho House of Representatives is the lower house of the U.S. state legislature for Idaho, based in Boise, and consists of members who represent various districts within the state.
Qazakh City Stadium is a stadium located in Qazax, Azerbaijan, and it is occupied by Göyazan Qazakh FK.
"O du eselhafter Peierl" is a musical composition composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in F major, and it was published on January 1, 1788.
Cadw, a non-departmental public body operating in Wales, was established in 1984 and is part of the United Kingdom.
Fidelity and Deposit Company, a trust company founded by Edwin Warfield, was established in 1890 and has its headquarters in Baltimore.
Mind Field is a show presented and created by Michael Stevens, an educator, and it is produced by The Intellectual Property Corporation. The show is in the English language.
MTH Electric Trains, a business that was formed in 1980, has its headquarters and location of formation in Columbia, Maryland.
Villa General Roca is a municipality and a locality in Argentina, serving as the capital of the Belgrano Department in San Luis province.
Johnsonburg Area High School is a high school located in the Johnsonburg Area School District within Pennsylvania, United States.
Wildgall is a mountain located in the Rieserferner Group range in Italy, and it falls under the category of Wildgall.
The Sikorsky S-42 is a flying boat manufactured in the United States by Sikorsky Aircraft and designed by Igor Sikorsky.
Halat Nuaim is a human settlement located in Bahrain, situated near the Persian Gulf.
Vista High School, located in Lynwood, California, is a state school within the Lynwood Unified School District and is part of the United States.
Hadley Bay is a waterway located in Nunavut, Canada, and it is a tributary of the Nanook River.
Pawtuckaway State Park is a New Hampshire state park located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. It falls under the IUCN protected areas category V, which designates it as a protected landscape/seascape.
String Quartet No. 6 by Ludwig van Beethoven, composed in B-flat major, was published in 1801 as part of his collection of compositions for string quartet.
Battambang Cathedral is a cathedral located in Battambang, Cambodia, and it was the site of a significant demolition event.
Netpulse, a business founded by Tom Proulx, was established in the United States in 2001.
"The Children of Maria Morales" is a Mexican film directed by Ignacio Torres, featuring Pedro Infante as a cast member, and it was originally produced in the Spanish language.
The Clark-Blackwell House is a Victorian-style single-family detached home located in Muscatine, Iowa, United States.
"Cooked," a TV series originally in English and airing in English, premiered on February 19, 2016, and is based on the book "Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation."
Fort McMurray International Airport is an airport located in Alberta, Canada, serving the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo.
Sony Professional Solutions, a company founded in 1978, has its headquarters in Basingstoke and operates as a company.
Vladimir Burtsev was born in Ufa, which is located in an administrative territorial entity in Russia.
Transoxiana is a historical region located in Central Asia, and it is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Tigermilk is a musical project that began in 2006 and is an experimental rock and pop band formed in Santiago.
South Delhi is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Delhi, India, and it is currently chaired by politician Ramesh Kumar.
Milaca is a city in the United States, located in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, and it serves as the county seat of Mille Lacs County.
"A Christmas Horror Story" is a Christmas-themed horror film distributed by RLJE Films. It was produced in Canada and is in the English language.
"Tumhari Amrita," a play authored by Javed Siddiqui, had its first performance on an unspecified day in 1992 at the Prithvi Theatre.
Graham High School, located in North Carolina, United States, is part of the Alamance-Burlington School System and is an instance of a high school in North America.
DarXabre, a business in the video game industry, was founded in 2001 and has its headquarters in the Netherlands.
Popatopolis is a film or TV show originating from the United States, produced in the English language, and featuring cast members Jim Wynorski and Monique Parent.
Quemchi Airport, named after Quemchi, is an airport located in Chile that serves the transportation needs of Quemchi.
Sundaram is a theatrical troupe based in India, with its headquarters in Kolkata. It was founded by Manoj Mitra.
The Middle Nevka River is a river in Russia that flows into Neva Bay and has the Krestovka River as one of its tributaries.
National Highway 333A is a road in India that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
The 2020 Ethiopian general election, which took place on May 2020 in Ethiopia, was an instance of an Ethiopian general election where the office of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia was contested.
The New South Wales X200 class locomotive is a diesel-mechanical locomotive and a specific locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways on standard-gauge railways.
The Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge, designed and architected by Santiago Calatrava, was officially opened in 2012 and is named after Margaret Hunt Hill.
Deckers Outdoor Corporation, a joint-stock company founded in 1973, is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange and owns the subsidiary Hoka One One.
Deoghar Airport is an airport located in Jharkhand, India, serving the city of Deoghar.
Raleigh is a town in Smith County, Mississippi, and it serves as the county seat of Smith County. Located in the United States, Raleigh is part of both the administrative territorial entity of Smith County, Mississippi, and the country of the United States.
NEMO Equipment, a business that produces sports equipment, was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Dover, New Hampshire.
The Hualapai Mountains, a mountain range located in Arizona, United States, have their highest point at Hualapai Peak.
Instiki is wiki software built on the Ruby on Rails platform using the Ruby programming language, and it is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Laolong is a town in China, located in Longchuan County, Guangdong, and it serves as the capital of Longchuan County.
"The Pro" is a limited series comic book authored by Garth Ennis and colored by Paul Mounts, which was published in 2002.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, founded by Elsie Fogerty, is a higher education institution located in Swiss Cottage and is part of the University of London.
"The Return of Count Yorga" is a film from the United States, originally in the English language, with Roger Perry as a cast member and Bill Butler serving as the director of photography.
Valerian Albanov was born in Ufa, which is a city located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
County Route 526 is a road located in New Jersey, United States, and it is part of the county route system in New Jersey.
The 20th Lambda Literary Awards, an award ceremony, took place in 2008 and is part of the Lambda Literary Award series.
The Deutsch Group, a business in the arms industry, was founded in 1938 and has its headquarters in New York state.
Big Yellow Group, a business that started in 1998, has its headquarters in Bagshot and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Shaquem Griffin received the NCAA Inspiration Award, which he received at a specific point in time along with other recipients.
Deputatsky Airport, an airport located in Yakutia, Russia, serves the town of Deputatsky.
"She's Gotta Have It" is a film set in Brooklyn, directed by photography by Ernest Dickerson, edited by Spike Lee, and with production design by Wynn Thomas.
Weston-McEwen High School is a high school located in the Athena Weston School District in Oregon, United States.
Yichun District, an administrative district in China, is part of Yichun city in Heilongjiang province and contains the Dongsheng subdistrict within its territory.
The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series, which took place at the Hong Kong Coliseum in Hong Kong starting on November 20, 2012, included the 2012 Hong Kong Super Series – Mixed Doubles competition.
"The Big Chapel," a book authored by Thomas Kilroy and published on January 1, 1971, is set in the Republic of Ireland.
"A Class Act" is a musical theatre production with music and lyrics composed by Edward Kleban, and it features characters including Michael Bennett.
"Vilakku Vacha Nerathula" is a television series from Tamil Nadu, directed by C. Ranganathan and written by K. Bhagyaraj.
Umpire High School is a state school located in Arkansas, United States, and it is part of the Cossatot River School District.
Woodville High School, located in Woodville, Texas, is part of the Woodville Independent School District and is a high school in the United States.
MIC is a business that was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Moscow. It operates in the real estate development industry.
"Simon of the Desert," a Mexican film, received the Grand Jury Prize at the Venice Film Festival. The film was directed by Gabriel Figueroa (as director of photography) and edited by Carlos Savage.
Digi TV, a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Bucharest.
The 1912 United States presidential election in Ohio was a presidential election held in the United States on an unspecified date in 1912, where voters contested for the office of President of the United States.
Gomosto is a human settlement located in West Achaea, Greece, and it is situated on the Peloponnese terrain feature.
University Park Campus School, which is a high school in the United States, was founded in 1997 and is part of the Worcester Public Schools district.
Pioneer Kitchenware, a manufacturing business, was founded on July 11, 1957, and its headquarters are located in Tema.
Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation, a business that focuses on e-learning, was established in 2001 and has its headquarters in Pune.
G. David Tilman received the Balzan Prize for his work in a specific field of study at a particular point in time. The prize recognizes his contributions as a citizen of a certain country.
Malesia consists of the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago, and includes countries such as Malaysia and East Timor.
Busselton Margaret River Airport, located in Western Australia, serves the town of Busselton and is situated in Australia. It is an airport that provides transportation services to the area.
"Love Now, Pay Later" is a film directed by Georg Krause as the director of photography, with Harry Hardt and Edith Schultze-Westrum starring as cast members, and Herbert Taschner as the film editor.
Lake Elmo, located in Washington County, Minnesota, United States, is a lake situated within the Lake Elmo Regional Park.
Canoe Lake, located on Barnard Creek, is a lake situated in Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Canadian watershed.
UFC 98 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Otjiwarongo Airport is an airport located in Namibia, named after the town of Otjiwarongo and serves as a transport hub for the same place.
Explocity, a business founded by Ramjee Chandran in 1989, has its headquarters in Bangalore.
Fuze is a privately held company that was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Boston.
The Klotsche Center, a multi-purpose hall in the United States, was built in 1977 and is occupied by the Milwaukee Panthers.
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is a financial services business headquartered in San Diego, United States.
The Whitgift Foundation is a nonprofit foundation based in the United Kingdom, founded by John Whitgift.
Paradise Café is a television series directed by Danny Mulheron, which originated in the United Kingdom and was originally broadcast on the CBBC TV channel.
River Valley High School, located in Bidwell, Ohio, is a state school within the Gallia County Local School District in the United States.
Claudia Mo is a British Hong Kong citizen. Her status as a British Hong Kong citizen began and ended due to specific circumstances, with the end occurring at a particular time. However, the start time and the exact cause and end time of her British Hong Kong citizenship are not specified in the provided information.
The List of Gwar members, which is a Wikimedia list article from the United States, includes Michael Bishop as a bassist and is part of the band Gwar.
The Raccoons is a British animated series created by Kevin Gillis, with both the show and its work originally in the English language.
The 1957 Romanian legislative election, held on February 3, 1957, was an election in Romania where members of the Chamber of Deputies were contested for.
Woodridge High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States, and it is part of the Woodridge Local School District.
INFORM, an organization founded by Eileen Barker in 1988, has its headquarters at the London School of Economics.
Tidjane Thiam was educated at INSEAD, where he began his studies, completed them, and earned an academic degree.
NorthSouth Productions is a marketing business headquartered in New York City, United States.
WCWV is a radio station located in West Virginia, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Summersville, West Virginia.
The Lotus 63 is a racing automobile designed by Colin Chapman for motorsport and manufactured by Lotus Cars.
Telechron was founded in 1912 and is a business based in the United States that operates in the electric clock industry.
Medfield High School is a secondary school located in Medfield, Massachusetts, United States, and it is part of the Medfield Public Schools district.
Bolwar Mahammad Kunhi is a human who speaks, writes, and signs in Kannada. He is notably known for his work "Swatantryada Ota."
The 2011 Taça de Portugal Final was held on 22 May 2011 at the Estádio Nacional, where FC Porto defeated Vitória S.C. to win the title.
Piercefield House, an architectural structure in the United Kingdom, was designed by architect John Soane and is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
Colin Kaepernick was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno, where he completed his academic degree with a major.
Huron High School, located in Ohio, United States, is part of the Huron City School District and is an instance of a state school.
Ateyyat El Abnoudy was educated at Cairo University, where she completed her academic major and earned her academic degree.
GeekDad is a website that was founded and owned by Chris Anderson, a writer, and it was launched on March 15, 2007.
Leicester Square tube station is adjacent to Charing Cross tube station and connects to it via a line that runs towards Charing Cross.
Mahendra Morang Adarsh Multiple Campus, affiliated with Tribhuvan University, was established in 1955 and is located in Biratnagar, Nepal.
The Alliance Alive is a video game developed in Japan and composed by Masashi Hamauzu, which is available on the Nintendo 3DS platform.
Valkyrie plass station, which officially opened on June 28, 1928, connected to the Common Tunnel and was adjacent to Nationaltheatret station before its official closure in 1985.
Lev Gor'kov, who earned a Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics, was educated at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. He worked in the field of solid-state physics, with Lev Landau as his doctoral advisor.
Suevia is a ship built by Caird & Company for Germany and entered service in 1874.
Navigant Consulting, a business that began operations in 1983, is headquartered in Chicago and its stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Tzohar is a voluntary association that was established in 1995 and operates in Israel.
The Brunel University African Poetry Prize, an award founded by Bernardine Evaristo and sponsored by Brunel University London, was established in 2012.
EyeToy: Play 3 is a game in the EyeToy video game series, developed by SIE London Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, which uses the EyeToy input device.
The Outdoor Channel, a television channel, was founded in 1994 and is owned by Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, with its stock listed on the Nasdaq.
Epigram is a compact-format newspaper that was first published in the United Kingdom in 1988.
The Fokin government, led by Vitold Fokin as both the chairperson and head of government, followed the Government Masol-Fokin and operated under the head of state, Leonid Kravchuk.
"The Climax" is an illustration created by Aubrey Beardsley in 1893 and is associated with the Aestheticism movement.
Marcy Avenue station, which officially opened on June 25, 1888, is a metro station that connects the BMT Jamaica Line and offers J/Z services of the New York City Subway.
Philip Tilden, who was educated at Bedales School, is a human known for his notable work at Chartwell.
The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is a sports team based in the United States that competes in rugby union.
Kaiafas Lake is a lake located in the Peloponnese region of Greece, both administratively and geographically.
The BMW Z9 is a concept car that was conceived in 1950 and manufactured by BMW.
Round Lake in Michigan is a lake located in Delta County, Michigan, within the United States, and its watershed also lies within the United States.
Kadalur Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Kerala, India, and it began service in 1909.
The Gordon Bennett Cup for hot air ballooning is a recurring sporting event that was founded by James Gordon Bennett Jr. and began on September 30, 1906.
The Rialto Theatre in Tucson, Arizona, is a music venue designed by architects William and Alexander Curlett in the Art Nouveau style. It officially opened in 1922.
Kamurobamura-e is a comedy film from Japan, starring Takako Matsu and Toshiyuki Nishida.
Burla (Sitna) is a river in Romania that flows into the Sitna and is a tributary of the Valea lui Hurjui River.
The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg, a convention center located in Manitoba, Canada, was the site of a significant event: it hosted the 1999 Pan American Games.
The Wugong Mountains are a mountain range in China, which is part of the larger Luoxiao Mountains. They are categorized under the main category of Wugong Mountain.
Kalai Arasi is a film originally in the Tamil language from India, featuring M.G. Ramachandran and P.S. Veerappa in its cast.
Hamilton High School, located in Anza, California, is part of the Hemet Unified School District and is a state school in the United States.
Green Island, located in the Rideau River, is a river island situated in Ontario, Canada.
"Por estas calles," a Spanish-language TV show created by Ibsen Martínez, was originally produced in Spanish and ended in 1994.
County Route 545 is a road located in New Jersey, United States, and it is part of the county route system in New Jersey.
The New York Jazz Repertory Company is a jazz band founded by George Wein in New York City, with its country of origin being the United States.
Andi Mattalata Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, and it is occupied by the football club PSM Makassar.
The Daily Iowegian, a broadsheet newspaper that began in 1864, is currently owned by CNHI.
The Red Note Ensemble, a musical ensemble based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2008 and works in the performing arts field.
Emerald Lake in Idaho is a glacial lake located in the United States, specifically within the state of Idaho. The lake's basin is also in the United States.
KROA is a radio station located in Nebraska, United States, and it is licensed to broadcast to Grand Island, Nebraska.
South Lancashire is a vice-county located in England, which is part of the United Kingdom, and it is situated on the terrain feature known as Great Britain.
"The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best" is a reality television show that originated in the United States, with Richard Branson serving as the executive producer.
"Perils of the Jungle," a silent film produced by William Nicholas Selig and originating from the United States, is now in the public domain.
East 233rd Street in the Bronx is a thoroughfare maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and is located in New York State, United States.
Odyssey Academy is a high school located in Rochester, New York, within the Greece Central School District, in the United States.
Birdnest Records, a record label founded in Sweden, was established on January 1, 1980, by Per Granberg.
Lake Meridian is a lake located in King County, Washington, United States. It is situated within the United States and falls under its administrative territorial entity.
"The Golden Touch" is a film produced by The Walt Disney Company and distributed by United Artists. It is an English-language film originating from the United States.
The Mystery Creek Events Centre is an event venue located in Hamilton, New Zealand, where the Parachute music festival takes place.
Oliver is a software that was both initiated and published on December 21, 2011, and it operates on the Vocaloid 3 platform.
Carl Stephens Ell served as the chairperson at Northeastern University, holding the position from a specified start time to an end time.
The Punakitere River is a river located in the Northland Region of New Zealand and is a tributary of the Otaua River.
Willie Read, whose first name is Willie, was a Wing Commander who received the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom) and was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge.
Singaporeans First is a political party that was founded on 25 May 2014 in Singapore, with Tan Jee Say serving as its secretary-general.
Tanglewood Island is a town located in Pierce County, Washington, United States, and it is situated next to Puget Sound.
London Motors, founded in 1921, is an automobile manufacturer headquartered in London, Ontario, and operates as a corporation.
The Toronto Book Awards, a literary award in Canada, were inaugurated in 1974 and are conferred by the city of Toronto.
The Basilica of Santa Maria a Pugliano is a minor basilica located in Ercolano, Italy, and it falls under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples.
Kolob Reservoir is a reservoir located in Utah, United States, where the entire basin is also within the United States.
Marx Dormoy, whose native language is French, served as a member of the French National Assembly and spoke and wrote in French. His father was Jean Dormoy.
Pika Peak is a mountain located in the Slate Range in Alberta, Canada.
Wendell Berry was educated at the University of Kentucky, where he completed his academic major and earned his degree.
Chandalar Lake is a lake located in Alaska, which is part of the United States. The lake's drainage basin is also within the United States.
Nuestra Belleza Estado de México 2012 is an edition of the beauty pageant series Mexicana Universal Estado de México, held in Mexico in 2012.
The 1989 film "Souvenir" is a British movie originally in the English language, starring Christopher Cazenove and Amélie Pick.
Elizabeth Chu Richter was educated at the University of Texas at Austin, where she completed her academic major and earned her academic degree.
Homer Row is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Shouldham Street.
Crown Equipment Corporation, a business that began in 1945, is headquartered in New Bremen, Ohio, and produces forklifts.
"The Slammer" is a television series from the United Kingdom that originally aired on BBC One. It includes at least series 3 among its episodes.
The Torrens Island Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located on Torrens Island in South Australia, Australia.
Kenji Waki, whose given name is Kenji, is a human who received the Shogi Medal of Honor and was a student of Kazukiyo Takashima.
Hancock High School, located in Mississippi, United States, is part of the Hancock County School District and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Jaqueline Orth, a female human, was born on February 10, 1993, in Bad Hersfeld.
Shougang Gymnasium is an arena located in Beijing, China, and it is occupied by the Beijing Ducks.
Cascade Mountain is a mountain located in the Adirondack Mountains range within New York State, United States.
Reelfoot Lake State Park is a Tennessee state park located in Tennessee, United States, and it falls under IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
The Mata River is a river in New Zealand that flows as a tributary into both the Ihungia River and the Aorangiwai River.
The Preussen-Stadion an der Malteserstraße is a soccer-specific stadium located in Berlin, Germany. It is occupied by the football club BFC Preussen.
Tonkin was a protectorate within French Indochina, with its capital in Hanoi, where the Vietnamese language was used.
State Highway 54 in Kerala is a highway in India that is part of the List of state highways in Kerala and is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department.
"The Book of Kane" is an English-language book originating from the United States, illustrated and featuring cover art by Jeffrey Catherine Jones.
Rayne High School is a high school located in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States, and it is part of the Acadia Parish School Board.
Brassel Mountain is a mountain located in County Kerry, part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks range, in the Republic of Ireland.
Reckitt and Sons, a business founded by Isaac Reckitt in 1840, has its headquarters in Kingston upon Hull.
Crocker Range National Park, established in 1984, is a national park located in Malaysia and falls under IUCN category II as a National Park.
The Experimental Cinema of the Philippines, a government-owned business, was established in Manila in 1982.
The Arts House is an architectural structure in Singapore designed by George Drumgoole Coleman and is listed as a national monument on the List of national monuments of Singapore.
Serengeti International Airport, an aerodrome located in the Serengeti District of Tanzania, serves the nearby Serengeti National Park.
HA&W, a limited liability partnership, was established in 1952 and has its headquarters in Atlanta.
The Rheinischer Merkur is a periodical publication in Germany, edited in the German language by Wolfgang Bergsdorf.
Thomas Reiter works for the European Space Agency, where he holds a position that applies to a specific part of his role and started at a particular time.
The Battle of Grahamstown, which took place on April 22, 1819, in Makhanda, Eastern Cape, was a battle involving the United Kingdom.
Thudaka Peak is a mountain located in the Thudaka Range within British Columbia, Canada.
David M. Schwarz Architects, a privately held company founded by David M. Schwarz, was established in 1976.
The Bolshaya Martayka River is a river located in Russia, with its drainage basin in the Volga Basin. It flows into the Vels River.
Big Bear High School is a state school located in California, United States, and it is part of the Bear Valley Unified School District.
"The Last Weekend" is a television drama series that originated in the United Kingdom, with its narrative set in England.
Kazuma Kamachi is a human whose native language and the language he speaks, writes, or signs is Japanese. He is notably known for his work on "A Certain Magical Index."
Redstone Creek in Pennsylvania is a river in the United States that flows into the Monongahela River, which is part of the Monongahela River basin.
"The Great Adventuress" is a German-language film produced by Felsom Film, with Otto Kanturek serving as the director of photography and Heinrich Schroth as a cast member.
The 2011 Eastern Province Kings season was a rugby union season that took place in 2011, during which the team competed in the sport of rugby union.
Burlingame High School in Burlingame, Kansas, United States, is a high school that operates under the Burlingame USD 454 school district.
Stuart Alexander & Co Pty Ltd, a company established in 1884, has its headquarters in Ultimo, New South Wales.
The coat of arms of Switzerland, which serves as the national coat of arms for the country, was instituted in 1889 and applies to the jurisdiction of Switzerland.
Skoll, a moon of Saturn, was discovered on January 5, 2006, by Scott S. Sheppard and is named after Sköll.
Riverfront station is adjacent to Donelson station and is connected to it via a connecting line and service that runs towards Donelson station.
S.V. Nishan 42 is an association football club that plays in the SVB Topklasse league and their home venue is the Meerzorg Stadion.
The MBCGame StarCraft League, an e-sports competition held in South Korea, was inaugurated in 2002 and focuses on the game StarCraft.
Howard Island is an island located in the Arafura Sea and is part of the East Arnhem Region in Australia.
The GN Bouw Stadion is a soccer-specific stadium located in Dordrecht, Netherlands, and it is occupied by FC Dordrecht.
Rogue Wave Software, a business that produces software, was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Louisville, Colorado.
Hamlet RK is a rugby union team from Denmark that began in 1981 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
Gidde Palema, born on April 9, 1995, is a harness racing athlete who won the Oslo Grand Prix.
"Songs before Sunrise" is a book authored by Algernon Charles Swinburne and was published in 1871. The work is now in the public domain.
The Eiksund Tunnel was inaugurated and officially opened on February 23, 2008, and it is operated by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration. The tunnel carries Norwegian County Road 653.
The Kyrgyzata Botanical Reserve, established in 1975, is a protected area in Kyrgyzstan categorized under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
The Cessna NGP is an aircraft model belonging to the subclass of aircraft, manufactured by Cessna, with its first flight occurring on June 23, 2006.
Belton High School, located in Belton, Texas, United States, is part of the Belton Independent School District and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Oldsmobile Toronado is a car model manufactured by General Motors under the Oldsmobile brand, and it was succeeded by the Oldsmobile Aurora.
Gwanda is a city located in the Gwanda District of Zimbabwe and serves as the capital of Matabeleland South Province.
Cervelle de canut is a cheese spread from France, specifically a type of spread made with fromage frais.
Bukhansan National Park, established in 1983, is a national park located in South Korea and falls under IUCN category V as a protected landscape/seascape.
Mancunians RL, a sports team from the United Kingdom, was founded in 2009 and competes in both rugby league and rugby union.
"Red Love" is a German film produced by Rosa von Praunheim, directed in the German language, with Mike Kuchar serving as the director of photography.
The Rove Tunnel is a canal tunnel located in Marseille, France, and it terminates at L'Estaque.
Decoder (duo) is a band that specializes in drum and bass music. They were formed in Bristol and consist of members including Mark Caro.
Chucklewood Critters is a Dutch-language television series from the Netherlands, featuring Jody Pijper as a cast member.
Rila National Park, established in 1992, is a national park located in Bulgaria and falls under IUCN category II as a National Park.
Cotton Center High School is a high school located in Cotton Center, Texas, which is part of the Cotton Center Independent School District in the United States.
The Belan River is a river located in the Belan River Valley within Uttar Pradesh, India.
"7de Laan" is a South African television series that is distributed by SABC 2 and is set in South Africa.
Bennison Island is an island located in Corner Inlet and within the state of Victoria in Australia.
The Jan Floreins Altarpiece, created by Hans Memling, is a masterpiece of Early Netherlandish painting crafted on a panel using oil paint.
The USS Augusta (LCS-34) is an Independence-class littoral combat ship built for the United States by Austal USA.
Lady Irwin College was established in 1932 and is a university located in India, affiliated with the University of Delhi.
Top Gear Australia, Series 3 is a television series season that originated in Australia and aired on the Nine Network as part of the Top Gear Australia series.
Conboy Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Washington state, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV as a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Henry Mainwaring was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he began his studies, completed them, and earned an academic degree.
The Smoke-Free Air Act, a piece of legislation in the United States, was enacted on April 15, 2006, and applies to the jurisdiction of New Jersey.
Forgiato Wheels is a company that was founded on January 1, 2006, and operates in the automotive industry.
The Ueda Electric Railway Bessho Line, operated by Ueda Kotsu, terminates at Ueda Station in Nagano and connects with the Shinano Railway Line. The line uses a 3 ft 6 in gauge railway track.
Naivasha Stadium is a stadium located in Nairobi, Kenya, and it is occupied by Vegpro F.C.
The Jericho Diamond Mine, located in Nunavut, Canada, is an operational diamond mine that produces diamonds and is part of the list of diamond mines.
"Two in Revolt" is a film produced in the United States with English as its original language. It was produced by Samuel J. Briskin and had Jack MacKenzie as the director of photography.
The 2016 Vojvodina provincial election, which took place in 2016, was an election held in Serbia where the position of Prime Minister of Serbia was contested.
Rainbow, a joint-stock company founded by Iginio Straffi, was formed in Loreto, Marche, and is now a subsidiary of Viacom International Media Networks Italia.
Kinepolis is a cinema chain that was founded on January 1, 1997, with its headquarters in the Brussels metropolitan area. It includes locations such as Kinepolis Hasselt.
Bionda Castana is a company that was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in London. The company produces shoes.
Peter Diamond received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences at a specific point in time, which he shared with other recipients.
Southern Company Gas, a business founded in 1856, has its headquarters in Atlanta and owns Nicor.
The Naval Aircraft Factory TS is a fighter biplane that is part of the aircraft family manufactured by the Naval Aircraft Factory. It was retired from service in 1929.
"Two Shots Fired" is an Argentine TV show originally in Spanish, starring actors Walter Jakob and Fabián Arenillas.
The Miami Canal is a canal located in Florida, United States, and it originates from Lake Okeechobee.
Axe Cop is a webcomic that was first published on December 20, 2009. It is distinct from the TV series "Axe Cop," but the TV series is a derivative work based on the webcomic.
Vark is a type of food garnish that originates from India and consists of silver metal leaf.
"Alternate Wars," edited by Martin H. Greenberg and published by Bantam Spectra, follows "Alternate Heroes" and is followed by "Alternate Americas."
Heidsee is a lake located in the canton of Grisons, Switzerland, where it also forms part of the drainage basin within the same country.
The M6 motorway in the Republic of Ireland is a road that was inaugurated in 2006 and terminates at Kinnegad.
State Farm Stadium, which opened officially on August 1, 2006, was designed by architect Peter Eisenman and its structural engineering was handled by Walter P Moore. The stadium is used for American football.
Bobbio Cathedral is a co-cathedral located in Bobbio, Italy, and it is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio.
Arandis Airport is an airport located in Namibia that serves the town of Arandis, and it is named after the same town.
Maisamma IPS is an Indian film produced by Dasari Narayana Rao, directed by T. Surendra Reddy, and originally made in the Telugu language.
Longfeng District is a district in Daqing, China, and it contains the administrative territorial entities Xinghua Subdistrict and Daqing.
The Reims Opera House, located in Reims, France, was designed by architect Alphonse Gosset in the Art Deco style.
Homer Drew was educated at Washington University in St. Louis, where he completed his academic major and earned his academic degree.
The 2002 California State Assembly election, which took place in the United States, was an election where Herb Wesson emerged as the successful candidate.
The United Theological College in Bangalore, India, was founded on January 1, 1910, and is a seminary affiliated with the Senate of Serampore College (University).
Amritlal Vegad received the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work at a specific point in time.
The Wolseley 4/50 is a car model manufactured by British Motor Corporation under the Wolseley Motors brand, and it was succeeded by the Wolseley 4/44.
Nuts Entertainment is a Philippine TV series that originated from the Philippines and was created and originally aired on GMA Network.
Audrey Arno is a pop music artist who performs using her voice. She speaks and writes in French, which is also her native language.
"The Five Chinese Brothers" is an English-language book published by G.P. Putnam's Sons, illustrated and featuring cover art by Kurt Wiese.
Veslesmeden is a mountain located in the Dovre administrative territorial entity within Rondane National Park in Norway.
Splish Splash is a water park located on Long Island in New York State, United States.
The Queen Elizabeth II Bridge in Belfast, United Kingdom, is a road bridge named after Elizabeth II and it crosses the River Lagan.
The American Polar Society, a learned society founded in the United States by August Howard, was established in 1934.
Cockerham Vicarage, a clergy house located in Cockerham, United Kingdom, was designed by the architect Edmund Sharpe.
Hankavan is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia, where the official language is Armenian.
Sheenagh Pugh, a human, works at the University of Glasgow and has received the Cholmondeley Award. Her information is described in the source Obalky knih.cz.
EPA Larnaca FC won the Cypriot First Division, securing their victory in the league.
The 1993 Israeli presidential election was a presidential election held in Israel in 1993, where the position of President of Israel was contested.
UFC 70 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Norman Douglas, whose father was John Sholto Douglass, wrote in English and is notably known for his novel "South Wind."
"Nuttin' but Love" is a track produced by Teddy Riley and is part of Heavy D & The Boyz' albums in chronological order. It is distinct from "Nothing but Love," and it was published in the United States.
Larry McMurtry was educated at Rice University, where he pursued an academic major and earned an academic degree.
Toe Rag Studios, a business founded by record producer Liam Watson, was established in 1991 and is headquartered in London.
Olga Broumas was educated at the University of Oregon, where she completed her academic major and earned her degree.
Leeds Rhinos Women is a rugby league team based in the United Kingdom that competes in both rugby league and rugby union.
Bantam Lake is a lake located in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States, and it is part of the Housatonic River basin.
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 69 is an ancient Greek text published in the Oxyrhynchus Papyri collection and written on papyrus. It is part of the University of Chicago Oriental Institute's collection.
"Lipstick Under My Burkha" is an Indian film produced by Prakash Jha and distributed by ALTBalaji. The movie's original language is Hindi.
The 2012 Catalan regional election, which applied to the jurisdiction of Catalonia, featured the Pirate Party of Catalonia as a candidate and was held between the 2010 and 2015 Catalan regional elections.
Dynamo Balashikha, an ice hockey team, was founded in 2010 and plays their home games at Balashikha Arena.
The 2014 American League Wild Card Game, which was part of the 2014 Major League Baseball season, took place at Kauffman Stadium and featured the Oakland Athletics as participants. Notably, this game was also a significant event for the video game "Extra Innings."
"Sea Drift" by Frederick Delius is a musical composition published on January 1, 1904, and is now in the public domain.
"An Anna Blume" is a poem written by Kurt Schwitters, published in 1919, and is now in the public domain.
ISTAF Indoor, a competition in the sport of athletics, began in 2014 and is held in Germany, focusing on indoor athletics disciplines.
"My Little Bride" is a South Korean teen film directed in the Korean language, with Seo Jeong-min serving as the director of photography.
Yamaltransstroy, an open joint-stock company and a transport company, was established in 1985 and has its headquarters in Moscow.
The Bellunes Alps, part of the Venetian Prealps mountain range in Italy, have their highest point at Col Nudo.
Elle Girl is a fashion magazine that was first published on January 1, 2001, in New York City.
"The Kind Diet" is a book published in 2009 that focuses on veganism, authored by Alicia Silverstone.
Tin Wing stop, which was officially opened on March 26, 1995, is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation but operated by the MTR Corporation, and it offers a connecting service to Light Rail Route 751P.
AH87 is a road in Turkey that is part of the Asian Highway Network.
Beecher High School, located in Beecher, Illinois, is part of the Beecher Community Unit School District 200U and is a high school in the United States.
The Dakota Access Pipeline, owned by Energy Transfer Partners, is a pipeline that starts in Stanley, North Dakota, and ends in Patoka, Illinois.
Polyvinyl Record Co., founded by Matt Lunsford in 1995, is a record label based in the United States.
The Long Bridge over the Potomac River is a railway bridge located in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
El Rio Trio is a rock and pop band formed in Amsterdam, and they are signed to Tombstone Records. They perform in the rockabilly genre.
Molesworth Street in Wellington, New Zealand, is located in Thorndon and is maintained by the Wellington City Council. It is an instance of a street.
"Clando" is a film or TV show directed by Nurith Aviv, with a country of origin listed as both France and Cameroon, and its original language is French.
Hellfire Warrior is a video game that was published in the United States on the TRS-80 platform in 1980.
Women's Home Industries, a company, was founded in 1947 and has its headquarters in London.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, founded by Henry Oscar Houghton, is headquartered in Boston and produces software, including the ownership of Living Books.
Baeza Cathedral, a Renaissance architecture masterpiece designed by architect Andrés de Vandelvira, is a Catholic church under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaén.
The Central Freeway is part of the state highway system in California and terminates at Octavia Boulevard in San Francisco.
Didone is an opera composed by Francesco Cavalli with a libretto written by Giovanni Francesco Busenello, and it is in the Italian language.
"Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha" is a romance film produced by 14 Reels Entertainment, originating from India. The film is in the Telugu language.
Warm Ghost is a rock and pop band that was formed in New York City, with the United States as its country of origin. The band's inception began in 2011.
Gwoza is a local government area in Borno State, Nigeria, governed by the Gwoza legislative council.
Gitega Airport is an airport located in Burundi, serving the city of Gitega and named after it.
UFC Fight Night: Almeida vs. Garbrandt is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
The Oberfrankenhalle is a building located in Bayreuth, Germany, and it is occupied by Medi Bayreuth.
"Battlefield Earth" is a novel written in English, published in the United States by Bridge Publications, and its narrative takes place on Earth.
The Planetario di Milano, designed by architect Piero Portaluppi and named after Ulrico Hoepli, who also founded it, is designated as part of Italian national heritage.
Fourche Creek is a river located in Arkansas, United States, and it is part of the Arkansas River basin.
The Leonel Viera Bridge is a concrete bridge located in La Barra, Uruguay.
National Highway 326 is a road in India that is part of the National Highway system and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways.
The Limavady Railway, which officially opened on December 29, 1852, terminates at Limavady Junction railway station and is located in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
The Sibley Railroad Bridge is a railway bridge located in Missouri, United States, where it crosses the Missouri River.
PayPoint, a business that began operations in 1996, has its headquarters in Welwyn Garden City and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Tycannah Creek is a river located in Australia that flows into the Mehi River and is also a tributary of Brigalow Creek.
City Riots, a rock and pop band formed in Adelaide, Australia, was founded in early 2005.
"Harvest Moon: Back to Nature," developed by Victor Interactive Software, is part of the Story of Seasons series and is rated A (All ages) by CERO and Everyone by the ESRB.
Isabelle Adjani received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for her work at a specific point in time.
Hancock Field in California, which served as an air base in the United States, was dissolved in 1959 and provided transportation services to Santa Maria, California.
Les Grands Ducs, filmed in Lyon, features Clotilde Courau and Florence Geanty in its cast, with Eduardo Serra serving as the director of photography.
Dina bint Abdul-Hamid, a member of the Hashemite family, speaks and writes English. She is married to Hussein of Jordan and is the mother of Princess Alia bint Hussein.
The Krylov Peninsula, named after Aleksey Krylov, is a peninsula located in Antarctica within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Antalya FM is a radio station that began operating in 1994 and serves the city of Antalya in Turkey.
Conneaut Lake High School is a high school located in the Conneaut School District within Pennsylvania, United States.
"Floating Life" is an Australian film directed by photography artist Dion Beebe, featuring Anthony Brandon Wong in the cast. The original language of the film is English.
The Christmas Album by Boney M., produced by Frank Farian and released under Hansa Records, features "Little Drummer Boy" on its tracklist and is distinct from other albums titled "Christmas Album."
Chagres National Park, established in 1985, is a national park located in Panama and falls under IUCN category II as a national park.
Frutillar Airport, located in Chile, is named after the town of Frutillar and serves as a transport hub for the same place.
"Sorted," a TV series created by Danny Brocklehurst and originally broadcast on BBC HD, aired in English and ended on August 22, 2006.
Maasina Fulfulde is a modern language indigenous to and spoken in Mali.
UFC 62 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
Tauranga Airport is an airport located in Tauranga, New Zealand, and it serves the transportation needs of the city.
Robert R. McCrae was educated at Michigan State University, where he completed his academic major and earned an academic degree.
Samuel Meyers Mills Jr., a general officer in the United States Army, is a human whose given name is Samuel.
