Mackenzie Crook provided the voice for Watership Down (miniseries).
Abi Olajuwon is 193 centimetres high.
Launchpad (website) has an Alexa rank of +7321.
Columbine, Colorado is elevated +1688 metre above sea level.
Sharon Dahlonega Bush is on the focus list of WikiProject African diaspora.
The narrative location of Tekken ( video game ) is Italy.
Vincent Cassel won the César Award for Best Actor.
The Steina (Schwalm) has a watershed area of +20.497 square kilometre.
The Porte d'Italie (Paris Métro) has 2 platform tracks.
San Jose, California is twinned with Veracruz.
Jean-Léon Gérôme's student was Alexandre Bloch.
The capacity of Sam Nujoma Stadium is +10300.
The Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann is a subsidiary of Grenoble Institute of Technology.
The Fukuoka Prefecture owns the Saga Prefectural Road and the Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 19.
Pierre Desloges has a hearing loss.
The Dungeon Master's Guide was inspired by Stanley G. Weinbaum.
Charterhouse Square is connected to Carthusian Street.
Boris Morukov was a crew member of the STS-106 mission.
Alfonso Osorio was a candidate in the 1982 Spanish general election.
The speed of HMHS Dover Castle is +14 knot.
Paul Muldoon archives are at Leeds University Library.
The right ascension of Leo II (dwarf galaxy) is +168.36721 degree.
The 2011 Commonwealth of Independent States Cup had an attendance of 40800.
The Ventotene Lighthouse has a range of +15 nautical miles.
The 2009 Copa del Rey Final had a referee named Luis Medina Cantalejo.
The inflation rate of India is +10.6 percent.
The subject is Titan (Varley novel). The property is illustrator. The object is Connor Freff Cochran.
Cole ( film ) has an aspect ratio of 2.35:1.
Air India operates the Airbus A320 family.
Vladimir Kuzmin's website account is on My World@Mail.Ru.
The LNWR Class G2A has a standard-gauge railway.
Jeffery Amherst, 5th Earl Amherst, is a relative of Sarah Amherst.
Sidi is the honorific prefix of Si Kaddour Benghabrit.
The 1938-39 Scottish Cup was the final event, which was the 1939 Scottish Cup Final.
The discharge of Nagara River is +115.4 cubic metre per second.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare has a cathedral called Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Coromoto.
Angola uses the Europlug plug.
Khabarovsk Bridge has 18 spans.
The cover art for Maze of Moonlight is by Thomas Canty.
Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 had 20 deaths.
Castle Peak is the highest point in Gunnison County, Colorado.
Sean Ono Lennon's godparent is Elton John.
Flunisolide is used to treat allergic rhinitis.
The total fertility rate in Tajikistan is +3.756.
The Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System was discontinued in 1998.
Brian Grimsditch was the excavation director of Buckton Castle.
The volume of Rangeley Lake is 359 cubic hectometre.
The official symbol of Bangladesh is Nymphaea nouchali.
The Flexor hallucis brevis muscle is innervated by the Medial plantar nerve.
The DN Tower 21 was built to replace the Norinchukin Bank Yurakucho building.
The Humboldt University of Berlin has +35587 students.
Pat Cadigan was the guest of honor at the 74th World Science Fiction Convention.
The Degiro trading fee is +0.026 percent.
Dave Burgess is the animator of Beauty and the Beast ( 1991 film ).
The Eighth Cambridge Survey has a frequency of +38 megahertz.
The mains voltage in Bangladesh is +220 volt.
The legislative body of Doboj is the City of Doboj Assembly.
William Hayman Cummings contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography.
The focal height of Capo Spartivento Calabro Lighthouse is +63 metre.
The rector of the University of Trento is Daria de Pretis.
The advertisement for Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign is "America".
The art director of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 1937 film ) is Tom Codrick.
GNOME is a GUI toolkit for OpenSUSE.
Diademed sifaka's gestation period is +150 day.
Arjen Tuiten is the make-up artist of Iron Man 2.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Greece was appointed by Alexis Tsipras.
The curator of Mayor Gallery is Douglas Cooper (art historian).
William Broyles Jr. is represented by Creative Artists Agency.
The Forest (2016 film) has a RARS rating of 16+.
The Málaga Film Festival is held in April.
Pakistan's top level Internet domain is.pk.
Asamushi Onsen has a temperature of +78 degrees Celsius.
The North Atlantic Deep Water has a salinity of +35 per mille.
The total equity of Unibank (Azerbaijan) is +165000000 United States dollar.
Soyuz TM-11 completed 2735 orbits.
The Toulouse Metro uses Véhicule Automatique Léger.
Federated States of Micronesia is marriedable at 16 years old.
The IPA number order for Schwa is +322.
Akira Toriyama is the game artist of Dragon Quest Builders.
Bucerius Law School is a partnership with Jagiellonian University.
Bukit Ketri railway station is wheelchair accessible.
The TV show Sirius the Jaeger was broadcast by Tokyo MX.
The captain of the Japan women's national football team is Saki Kumagai.
The unemployment rate in the Philippines is +7.3 percent.
The SS Cap Arcona cruise speed is +20 knot.
The Kerala Legislative Assembly has 140 constituencies.
The Progress MS-05 spacecraft docking/undocking date was 24 February 2017.
The record for the maximum temperature in Louisiana is +114 degree Fahrenheit.
The Eurovision network is maintained by WikiProject Eurovision.
Eleanor Slater Hospital has 495 beds.
Crescent Lake (Oregon) has a residence time of water of +13 year.
China Eastern Airlines has a business division called Joy Air.
Joseph Bédier took the agrégation de lettres test.
Stig Blomqvist's co-driver is Bruno Berglund.
Zhong Tian Plaza has 3 floors below ground.
The Cavalier Heights Visitor Center is the tourist office of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park.
The BMW N55 has a compression ratio of +10.2.
Charles Borromeo is a saint or deity in Italy.
133 Cyrene has a rotation period of +12.708 hour.
Giuseppe Cerutti has written for La Feuille villageoise.
The market cap of Randstad Holding is +2466900000 euro.
Jeffrey Glueck is the Chief Operating Officer of Foursquare.
The binding energy of Plutonium-239 is +1806916.002 kiloelectronvolt.
Uruguay ratified the Convention on the Exercise of Liberal Professions of 1889.
The plaintiff in the case A&M Records Inc. v. Napster, Inc. is A&M Records, Inc.
The Weerribben-Wieden National Park has a large copper that is especially protected in the area.
The mean age of Bruntál District is +42.5 annum.
The main topic of the category for Baltimore and Ohio Railroad locomotives is Category:Baltimore and Ohio locomotives.
The Occipitofrontalis muscle is supplied by the Supratrochlear artery.
The angle from vertical to the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is +15 degree.
The Burning Empires role-playing game uses the Burning Wheel system.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art official app is The Metropolitan Museum of Art Android app.
Estonia's Gregorian calendar start date is 01 March 1918.
Gallotia taxon was written by George Albert Boulenger.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by the Welsh Language Society.
The Magna Moralia is attributed to Aristotle.
The VG-1 is an autologous cell line, specifically B301.
SAE 316L stainless steel has an austenite microstructure.
Zeevang is a place with water as percent of area +30.57 percent.
The 2018 Laos dam collapse damaged Thasengchan.
Mafia ( party game ) has a minimum number of players of +3.
The Yangpachen Monastery was destroyed in 1966.
The ultimate tensile strength of A36 steel is +450 megapascal.
The Bulgarian Stock Exchange -- Sofia stock market index is BG TR30.
Ground beetle, Gastropoda is the main food source for ground beetles.
Kerosene has an autoignition temperature of +220 degree Celsius.
Saudi Arabia has a minimum age of +6 years old for compulsory education.
The Hell Creek Formation fossil found in this unit is Aublysodon molnari.
View of the World from 9th Avenue is a view from Ninth Avenue (Manhattan).
The Mars Cube One is equipped with a CubeSat satellite bus.
A36 steel has a yield strength of +250 megapascal.
Todd Beamer was a passenger on United Airlines Flight 93.
Hepatitis C has an incidence of +1.7 cases per 100000 person-years.
The Federal Department of Foreign Affairs's substitute director/manager is Ueli Maurer.
Factor VIII gene inversion is associated with Haemophilia A.
Hurricane Dorian had a wind speed of +295 kilometre per hour.
Sweden's individual tax rate is +25 percent.
The Sunken Plum was presented in the Málaga Film Festival.
The seal description of Macedonia (Greece) is the Vergina Sun.
The coastline of Bouvet Island is +29.6 kilometre.
The supercharger of BMW N57 is a Turbocharger.
The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 has a type of rear suspension which is Multi-link suspension.
The Art & Architecture Thesaurus has a number of records of +47267.
The Arabia Mountain Path is moderate in difficulty.
Covington Catholic High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Duralex Picardie was made in 1954.
Victor Shem-Tov won The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture.
The Planned Parenthood v. Casey cases were consolidated with Casey v. Planned Parenthood.
Nicolas Colombel's follower was Nicolas Poussin.
The Hyundai Ioniq has a drag coefficient of +0.24.
NOD2 gene insertion is associated with Crohn's disease.
Andriy Shevchenko's patronym or matronym is Mykolayovych.
Indole is a substrate of Tryptophan synthase.
The total liabilities of Kramfors Municipality are +414715000 Swedish krona.
The central bank of the Korean Empire was the Bank of Korea (1909 -- 1950).
The VAT rate in Hungary is +27 percent.
The galactic latitude of Antlia 2 is +11.2479 degree.
Marzia Kjellberg has a multi-channel network on the Disney Digital Network.
Hexafluorophosphate is conjugated to Hexafluorophosphoric acid.
The 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes had a JMA magnitude of +7.3.
The admission rate of McMaster University is +0.587.
The Centurion Card offers a cash back of 1.5 percent.
The Catholic Encyclopedia was granted the imprimatur by John Murphy Farley.
The author of the afterword for "I'll Be Gone in the Dark" is Patton Oswalt.
The Orion (spacecraft) has a shelf life of +210 day.
Hazelaarweg Stadion has a maximum capacity of +10000.
Basaula Lemba is a member of Vitória S.C.
Zakiya Bywaters plays for the United States women's national under-17 soccer team.
The Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica is a subsidiary of Academia Sinica.
Leon Cort is a member of Preston North End F.C.
Chris Sumner was Minister of Prices and Consumer Affairs.
Ellery Cairo is a member of Feyenoord.
Kayke Rodrigues is a member of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
Wang Manli competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The population of Gars am Inn is +3585.
Barbara De Rossi is a cast member of Freckled Max and the Spooks.
The Adam Carolla Project has 13 episodes.
Ian Storey-Moore played for Burton Albion F.C.
Western Bay of Plenty District is bordered by Hauraki District.
Lida District is an administrative territorial entity contained in Baranavichy Voblast.
Édouard Baer was a cast member of Molière (2007 film).
The archives of Perdreauville are at the Departmental archives of Yvelines.
Crasville, Manche has a population of +266.
Rene Howe is a member of Burton Albion F.C.
Aaron and Abner Zook are members and have the occupation of Architectural illustrator.
Ogden, Illinois is located at +671 foot elevation above sea level.
Erasmus Earle's given name is Erasmus.
Sheikh Kamal Stadium, Nilphamari has a maximum capacity of +21359.
Igor Aksyonov is a member of PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alier Ashurmamadov is a member of CSKA Pamir Dushanbe.
Konstantin Nikologorskiy has an Elo rating of +2410.
The population of Kozly (Louny District) is 238.
The Turkish people are in Ukraine.
Japan National Route 127 connects with Futtsu Tateyama Road.
Ryan Brobbel plays for the Northern Ireland national under 17 football team.
East Martinsburg Historic District is elevated 129 metres above sea level.
Barbara Bates is a cast member of This Love of Ours.
American Airlines operates the Boeing 767-300ER.
Sycamore High School ( Cincinnati, Ohio ) was opened in 1974.
Jerzy Giedroyc was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Grand Duke Gediminas.
Vannino Chiti was the president of Italian region.
Choi Jong-bum is a member of the South Korea national under-23 football team.
Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor was the owner of the Nature Studies (manuscript).
The Barton Mystery (1949 film) stars Geneviève Morel.
Nico Schulz played for the Germany national under 17 football team.
Dalovice (Mladá Boleslav District) is part of Mladá Boleslav District.
The population of Sic, Cluj is +3189.
Shener Remzi plays for FC Chernomorets Burgas.
The population of Rajupalem, Kadapa district is male and it has a population of 1218.
Jamal Lowe plays for Hitchin Town F.C.
Yevgeny Novikov was a cast member of Battle of Moscow (film).
Dmytro Nevmyvaka is a member of the Ukraine national under 21 football team.
Muttiah Muralitharan is a member of the Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club.
Nenê (footballer, born 1983) played for Cagliari Calcio.
David Fletcher (baseball) is a member of the Burlington Bees.
The author of Road Rage (audiobook) is Richard Matheson.
Carmelo Anthony has won the Best Male College Athlete ESPY Award.
Alfredo Adami is a cast member of Mezzanotte d'amore.
The architect of Ideal House in London is Raymond Hood.
The population of Quintela de Leirado is 814.
Nigel Povah has an Elo rating of +2310.
Dominic Iorfa is a member of Aylesbury United F.C.
Viru Viru International Airport is elevated 1225 feet above sea level.
Urmas Hepner is a member of FCI Levadia U21.
The 1995 Acura Classic -- Singles was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Billy Stark is a member of Hamilton Academical F.C.
Grégory Duruz played for the New Zealand Knights FC team.
Geraldine McCaughrean was nominated for the Carnegie Medal (a literary award).
Mike Green, born 1951, plays for the Sacramento Kings.
The patronage of Shellharbour Airport is +9504.
Cyperaceae is in the Glumiflorae family.
Ed Farmer is a member of the Baltimore Orioles.
Alpha Sculptoris has a parallax of +4.7068 milliarcsecond.
The population of Arce, Spain is 275.
Omar Shakir is a member of the Bermuda national football team.
Horizume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time.
Malcolm Davies (rugby) plays for Maesteg RFC.
The Border Gateway Protocol has a port of +179.
Michael Blackwood (footballer) plays for Tamworth F.C.
The Newtown Act is an Election law.
Oleg Rozin is a member of FC Lukhovitsy.
Yorie Yamashita is the voice actor of Only Yesterday ( 1991 film ).
Vienna Independent Shorts is located in Museumsquartier.
There are 52 houses in Jamnice, Czech Republic.
Rui Fonte is a member of RCD Espanyol.
Matt DeCaro is a cast member of House (TV series).
Chengdu Longquanyi Football Stadium has a maximum capacity of +30800.
H.C. Zen founded the Science Society of China.
Antonio Maceda is a member of the Spain national under 23 football team.
Slovinky is elevated 442 metres above sea level.
Faisal Al-Merqeb is a member of Al-Taawoun FC.
Anton Ponkrashov participated in EuroBasket 2011.
The 8th Street station of Philadelphia is adjacent to the Chinatown station of the SEPTA.
Gilbert Kaze is a member of the Burundi national football team.
Andriy Hurskyi is a member of FC Obolon Kyiv.
The Legend of Drizzt has the following part: The Dark Elf Trilogy.
Apristurus belongs to the Pentanchidae family.
Ilir Nallbani plays for FC Tatabánya.
Alessandro Zoppetti is a member of Delfino Pescara 1936.
Salim Arrache is a member of Toulouse FC.
Uladzimir Karytska is a member of FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
The Mississippi River has a watershed area of 2981000 square kilometres.
The film Gate of Hell is +88 minutes long.
The Moldova national football team has a ranking of +121.
Vikhammer Station is located in the Central European Time zone.
The height of the Cadillac STS-V is 1478 millimetres.
The Ferryman ( 2007 film ) is a 100 minute movie.
Lles de Cerdanya has 30 households.
Kevin Todd (footballer) plays for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Zhastalap is elevated 1 metre above sea level.
The Jubilaeum Maximum is in Ecclesiastical Latin.
Sebastián Dubarbier is a member of FC Lorient.
Daniel Schwenter is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
The screenwriter of 1000 Meisterwerke is Thomas Kellein.
The Coughlin-Alumni Stadium was opened on 22 September 1962.
The Keihan Ishiyama Sakamoto Line connects with the Biwako Line.
Frank Whittle won the Albert Medal of the Royal Society of Arts.
César Belli is a member of Club Athletico Paranaense.
Paul Emslie plays for Peterhead F.C.
Ong Kim Swee is a member of the Malaysia national football team.
Jesper Bech plays for Esbjerg fB.
Libby, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Mal Whitfield won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Abass Lawal is a member of Khor Fakkan Club.
Luis Gabriel Rey is a member of Atlético Bucaramanga.
Oshri Gita is a member of Hapoel Acre F.C.
Edoardo Catinali is a member of U.S. Ancona 1905.
Rathaus Schöneberg is made of Sandstone.
Hereford Road Skew Bridge is maintained by Herefordshire Council.
The Chazy River is elevated 28 metres above sea level.
Javier López Vallejo is a member of Levadiakos F.C.
Wendy B. Lawrence was a crew member of the STS-86 mission.
Buddo hill is elevated 1300 metres above sea level.
Wavell Heights, Queensland has a population of 9684.
Belgium's life expectancy is +81.2878 year.
Ange N'Silu is a member of FC Le Mont.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2487.
Bhakti Kulkarni has an Elo rating of +2256.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of +2504.
Roman Kuzovkin is a member of FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
The population of Chandrapur, Bardhaman is 2104.
Ricky Ravenhill is a member of Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Richard Graham, born 1979, plays for Billericay Town F.C.
Kita-Kume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
The Nintendo 3DS system software is in Russian.
Elizabeth Debicki provided the voice for Peter Rabbit (film).
Millford Plantation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Darwin International Airport has a patronage of +95598.
Schwanheide station is located next to the Boizenburg (Elbe) railway station.
Tau1 Hydrae has an apparent magnitude of +3.58.
The population of Neckarwestheim is 3181.
Jason Banton plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Hubert Stevens participated in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Alexa Guarachi has a ranking of +347.
The population of Alton North, Texas is 5051.
Graeme Montgomery plays for Eastleigh F.C.
Hendon School was established on November 1, 2011.
Tia Carrere is a cast member of Aloha, Scooby-Doo!
The maximum capacity of Stadio Carlo Castellani is 19847.
The novel Bano is set in India.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves.
Lower Buckhorn Lake is elevated 274 metres above sea level.
Kevin Strootman is a member of PSV Eindhoven.
Whitehorse Mountain (Washington) is elevated 2085 metres above sea level.
Otto Herbert Hajek was a participant in Documenta III.
Assan Bazayev was the winner of the 2008 Tour of Turkey.
Nick Colgan plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
The cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto is Chieti Cathedral.
Stanley Tucci won the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Series, Miniseries or Television Film.
The Battle of Tarutino took place in Moscow.
Denis Cyr is a member of the Springfield Indians.
Leszek Iwanicki played for Legia Warsaw.
Viorel Turcu is a member of FC Argeș Pitești.
Omar Simionato is a member of Club Deportivo Universidad Católica.
Robert Slippens participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The patronage of Saga Airport is 345066.
Abertown, New Jersey is elevated 245 metres above sea level.
The area of Birnie Island is +0.72 square kilometre.
Effingham, Illinois is elevated 180 metres above sea level.
Hugh Laurie won the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama.
Elierce Barbosa de Souza is a member of Brasília Futebol Clube.
Ira Newble played for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Steve Basham plays for Preston North End F.C.
John Bednarski weighs +185 pounds.
The Fukuoka Prefecture owns the Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 736.
Davie Sneddon is a member of Hurlford United F.C.
Giuseppe Zappella is a member of U.S. Avellino 1912.
Ray McLoughlin is a member of Barbarian F.C.
Giulia Niccolai is the partner of Adriano Spatola.
Demetris Assiotis is a member of Olympiakos Nicosia.
The population of Valley of Lagoons is 48.
Praga is described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Kappa Volantis has a right ascension of +124.9540156744000 degree.
Don Shaw (baseball) played for the St. Louis Cardinals.
The population of Ventosilla y Tejadilla is 26.
Enric Saborit played for the Spain national under 19 football team.
Keith England is a member of the Castleford Tigers.
Hugo Firmino is a member of Kabuscorp S.C.P.
The orbital inclination of STS-60 is +57.0 degree.
Jeff Hackett played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Tom Willis (footballer) plays for Brisbane Roar FC.
Bojan Trkulja plays for FC Daugava.
Barbour County, West Virginia shares a border with Randolph County, West Virginia.
Rizvan Ablitarov is a member of FC Dnipro.
Andries Malan participated in the 2013 Mauritius International Badminton Championships – Men's doubles.
Jeff Agoos played for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
Hogan Group is elevated 130 metres above sea level.
Ella Diehl participated in the 2010 Russia Open Badminton Championships – Women's singles.
Samuel J. Tilden House is a New York City Landmark.
Pokey Reddick played for the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Twan Castelijns is a member of Team Jumbo - Visma.
The population of Poranga is +12001.
Keshokhedi is elevated 470 metres above sea level.
Jean Lake Airport is elevated 2370 feet above sea level.
Greig Denham is a member of Motherwell F.C.
Dennis Oli is a member of Farnborough F.C.
Cem Tosun is a member of the Turkey national under 21 football team.
Doris Schwaiger is 171 centimetres high.
Sir John Barrington, 7th Baronet was a member of the 13th Parliament of Great Britain.
The Magadan Oblast contains the Srednekansky District.
Bob McAuley is a member of Rangers F.C.
Billy Thomas (basketball) plays for the Kansas Cagerz.
Artyom Kulesha is a member of FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.
Jason Taylor (American football) won the Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award.
Paddys River (Australian Capital Territory) is +28.4 kilometres long.
Tim Carter (footballer) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ursula von der Leyen has a Doctor of Medicine degree.
Kempegowda International Airport has a scheduled service to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport.
Justine Zulu is a member of Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C.
The patronage of Dundee Airport is +23955.
Roman Chmelo is a member of PKNS F.C.
The subject is Locarno Festival. The main category of Locarno Festival is Category:Locarno International Film Festival.
Kentucky Route 1682 is +15.295 miles in length.
Sobolew railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Shigenobu Shima has a mass of +95 kilograms.
Shuvagata Hom is a member of the Barisal Bulls.
Kampung Baru LRT station is located in the Time in Malaysia.
Episcopal Charities of Southeast Florida is in the United States.
James Miller, born 1904, plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
The patronage of Stockholm Arlanda Airport is +17101478.
Ciprian Tănasă played for FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Abraham Gneki Guié is a member of the Ivory Coast Olympic football team.
The European route E70 connects with Alexandria.
Li Weijun is a member of South China AA.
Gareth Hopkins (footballer) plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Janet Beecher is a cast member of Judge Hardy's Children.
The patron saint of Manta, Ecuador is Paul the Apostle.
The Scottish Football League First Division season starts in August.
Kendrick Cross is a cast member of Iron Man 3.
Georgi Bizhev is a member of FC Dorostol Silistra.
Jamiat Ul Mominat is in Hyderabad, in India.
The tonality of Auf dem Wasser zu singen is A-flat minor.
The total assets of Commerzbank are 480500000000 euro.
Daryl Sattler played for Minnesota United FC from 2010 to 2016.
Alban Bushi is a member of PFC Litex Lovech.
The population of Gradefes is 1028.
Ramon Menezes is a member of CR Vasco da Gama.
Donaldo González is a member of the Panama national football team.
Saied Reza Ameli's student was Ehsan Shahghasemi.
Turkey women's national volleyball team participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Eswatini's inflation rate is +17.8 percent.
The elevation of Kitigan River is 226 metres above sea level.
The epoch of DQ Herculis is J2000.0.
The subject is The Everlovin' World of Eddy Arnold, the property is language of work or name, and the object is English language.
George Van Hoomissen was educated at the University of Virginia.
Joel Pinto is a member of Sport Huancayo.
The nominal GDP per capita in Burkina Faso is +291 United States dollar.
Choulou is part of the Paphos District.
Robin Williams was a cast member of Shrink (film).
José Semedo (born 1979) plays for Apollon Limassol FC.
Ruslan Okhtov is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Faenza Cathedral is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faenza-Modigliana.
The patronage of Diamantina Airport is +4334.
Yuri Razuvaev has an Elo rating of +2540.
Bert Badger plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Dmitri Sheremetev is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Dexter McCluster is 173 centimetres high.
Abbey Lee Kershaw's eye color is blue.
Chiba Prefecture is the owner of Chiba Prefectural Road Route 169.
The Maluku Islands are described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Lee Hee-joon is a cast member of Legend of the Blue Sea.
Nagaoka Station is adjacent to Miyauchi Station (Niigata).
Lucius Shepard was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Jean Leurechon is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Kaimar Saag plays for Silkeborg IF.
Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet was a member of the Cavalier Parliament.
István Szekér is a member of MTK Budapest FC.
Masanori Aoyagi is the chairperson of the Agency for Cultural Affairs.
NGC 7822 has a right ascension of +0.28575 degree.
The Nyon District includes Vich, Switzerland.
The Human Development Index of Luxembourg is +0.872.
Tiraque Province is elevated 3887 metres above sea level.
Kosmos 2449 was a rocket launch, a significant event.
Tim Smyczek's playing hand is right-handed.
The Mayor of Barlieu is the head of government in Barlieu.
The number of visitors to the Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum per year is 150000.
Nissim Barda plays for Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C.
Matthew Upson is a member of Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
The maximum capacity of Nuuk Stadium is 2000.
Epsilon Lupi is a spectroscopic binary star.
Archil Sakhvadze is a member of FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
Dean Mason plays for Chesham United F.C.
Atlas, Pennsylvania is elevated 345 metres above sea level.
Sherrod Brown was a United States representative.
The daily patronage of Hatagaya Station is +30116.
The speed limit for West Chang'an Avenue is +70 kilometres per hour.
Marco Martini is a member of Frosinone Calcio.
The Soyuz TMA-11 was a rocket launch, a significant event.
Rab Shannon plays for Hibernian F.C.
Ekene Ikenwa is a member of Persekabpas Pasuruan.
Gilbert de Moravia is described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900.
Eugene H Merrill is a member of the American Oriental Society.
Wuzhou Avenue station is located in the China Standard Time zone.
Alessandro Iandoli is a member of FC Concordia Basel.
Nikolai Berdyaev has a Doctor of Divinity degree.
Olivier Boumelaha is a member of Al-Ittihad Club (Jeddah).
George King, born in 1923, plays for Port Vale F.C.
Vladimir Gerasimov (born 1975), a footballer, played for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Simon Feindouno is a member of Al-Shaab CSC.
Sergei Nechay is a member of FC Kuzbass Kemerovo.
The population of Quintanilla de la Mata is 147.
Theodore Bikel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Patrick J. Kennedy was a United States representative.
Hubert Ashton plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jóhann Laxdal is a member of the Iceland national football team.
Cyril Collard won the César Award for Best First Feature Film.
TAM Airlines Flight 3054 is written in Spanish.
Mark Bentley is a member of Enfield 1893 F.C.
Fred Coe was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series.
Emiliano Mondonico is the coach of U.C. AlbinoLeffe.
Mario Adorf was awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Xu Xin ( table tennis ) is ranked +2.
Lin-Manuel Miranda won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
Pavlo Sirotin is a member of PFC Nyva Ternopil.
The Dutch East India Company was the owner of the Mauritius (1618 ship).
Jennifer Raab graduated from Cornell University.
Jim Les is a member of CB Salamanca.
Dmitri Kirichenko is a member of FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
Cagua Volcano is elevated 1160 metres above sea level.
A Stitch for Time is +53 minute long.
Henry McStay plays for the Republic of Ireland national under 21 football team.
The Yelovaya River has a watershed area of +6230 square kilometre.
Anna Behlmer was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Marlone is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Marvin Braun plays for VfB Stuttgart II.
Eduard Nalbandyan received the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Pyeongchon station is located in the time in South Korea.
Li Jinhua is the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China.
Floyd Little is 70 inches high.
Gerda Madsen is a cast member of En mand af betydning.
Juliette Welfling won the César Award for Best Editing.
The Awakening ( 2011 film ) has an FSK film rating of FSK 12.
The inflation rate in Ethiopia is +35.9 percent.
Arif Asadov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Lance Frazier is a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
King's School station is adjacent to Logan station (PAAC).
Tiltonsville, Ohio is elevated 204 metres above sea level.
Apostol Muzac is a member of FCSB II.
Anne Vyalitsyna is a partner of Adam Levine.
Chris Fusaro is a member of the Scotland national under 19 rugby union team.
The Mayor of Blagny is the head of government in Blagny.
Jérôme Scolan is a member of Sporting Club Toulon.
Stuart Townsend is the voice actor for Robot Chicken.
Heinz Barmettler played for the Switzerland national under 21 football team.
Girolamo di Benvenuto's works are in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
Swadic Sanudi is a member of Dynamos F.C. (South Africa).
Raymont Harris is a member of the Green Bay Packers.
Nasopur is elevated 268 metres above sea level.
Telve di Sopra shares a border with Palù del Fersina.
Allan Michaelsen plays for FC Nantes.
Tony Godden is a member of Luton Town F.C.
Brimbank Park is elevated 58 metres above sea level.
Brentford Urban District is in the United Kingdom.
José Gonçalves (footballer) is a member of Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Enzo Biliotti is a cast member of Saluti e baci.
Bimo Fakja is a member of FK Partizani Tirana.
LIRIS is a subsidiary of Claude Bernard University Lyon 1.
Beaverlick, Kentucky is elevated 751 feet above sea level.
Arthur Space was a cast member of I Love Trouble (1948 film).
Amy Harrison is a member of the Australia women's national soccer team.
Hickory, Mississippi is elevated 100 metres above sea level.
Steve Mardenborough is a member of Stafford Rangers F.C.
Indiana State Road 165 is 17.172 miles long.
Silvia Grijalba won the Fernando Lara Novel Award.
Alfian Eko Prasetya was a participant at the 2011 BWF World Junior Championships -- Mixed doubles.
Wildhorse Creek (Oklahoma) is located in Oklahoma.
Nur County includes the Chamestan District.
Michele Marconi is a member of Calcio Lecco 1912.
Steve Scarsone is a member of the Rochester Red Wings.
McCoy, Oregon is elevated 167 feet above sea level.
Jimmy Dyer plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
The population of Taipei is 2,616,375.
Chanute Martin Johnson Airport is elevated 1002 feet above sea level.
Service Corporation International owns the Fort Lincoln Cemetery.
The population of La Jumellière is 987.
Rabiu Ibrahim is a member of the Nigeria national under 23 football team.
Carlos Hermosillo is a member of the Mexico national football team.
Taryn Manning is a cast member of Lucky 13.
Michael Redd was drafted by Milwaukee Bucks.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science is a member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
The Mayor of Lormes is the head of government in Lormes.
Phil Housley played for the Buffalo Sabres.
Denis Cauchi plays for Floriana F.C.
Steve Redmond plays for the England national under 19 football team.
The Varga Katalin Secondary School has a students count of +520.
San Gaspar Ixchil is elevated 1531 metres above sea level.
Gordon R. Dickson was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Novel.
John Hayls works in London.
The patronage of Marseille Provence Airport is +8182237.
Craig Dove is a member of Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Abuda (footballer, born 1986) played for Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube.
Oktisi is located in the Central European Time zone.
Yukiko Iwai (voice actress) is a cast member of Case Closed : The Fourteenth Target.
Leandro Simioni plays for Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.
Multiverse Music was founded in 2004.
Mills Township, Bond County, Illinois is elevated 154 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Grand Case-Espérance Airport is +192285.
Adriano Gerlin da Silva is a member of Clube Náutico Capibaribe.
Sheremetyevo International Airport has a total revenue of +28504500000 Russian ruble.
Lorenzo Insigne is a member of Delfino Pescara 1936.
Serra Nova Dourada is elevated 257 metres above sea level.
Osas Saha plays for Sriwijaya F.C.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2011 -- 12 Cypriot First Division.
Joni Fuller was a participant in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
The population of Finland is 5,165,474.
Paul Fitzpatrick plays for Preston North End F.C.
Paradise Dam (Queensland) is located on the Burnett River.
Timothy Hutton is a cast member of The Alphabet Killer.
The Mayor of Moisy is the head of government in Moisy.
Hassan Akesbi plays for Stade de Reims.
The Montenegro national football team has a ranking of +46.
The population of Billings County, North Dakota is 904.
The patronage of Tennant Creek Airport is +22885.
The Holden Barina is a subclass of the Chevrolet Aveo (T200).
The mean anomaly for 138 Tolosa is +245.479625483885 degree.
Kiril Dzhorov is a member of FC Metalurg Pernik.
Estes Brook, Minnesota is elevated 1050 feet above sea level.
Dave Morgan (weightlifter) participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Adeshina Lawal plays for FC Midtjylland.
The maximum capacity of the Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center is 6469.
The Plaza de Cibeles connects with the Paseo del Prado.
The Scandinavian Festival is in the United States.
Jess Todd is a member of the Memphis Redbirds.
Paul Siebert is a member of the Norfolk Tides.
Marshall Wayne competed in Diving at the 1936 Summer Olympics -- Men's 10 metre platform.
Peter Honess won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
The Atlantic Ocean has a tributary called the Mersey River (Nova Scotia).
Magna Carta (An Embroidery) was contributed to by Antony Gormley.
Fraunhofer Portugal is a subsidiary of Fraunhofer Society.
Clay Armstrong won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
Alexander Corro is a member of Club Atlético Sarmiento.
Michelle Hendry participated in the 2003 Pan American Games.
Chris Pantale weighs +255 pounds.
Office Open XML has the Office Open XML Spreadsheet Document, ECMA-376 1st Edition as part of it.
The population of Pudukkottai Village is 592 females.
Geoffrey of Monmouth's consecrator was Walter.
Vyacheslav Ponomarev (footballer) plays for PFK Metallurg Bekabad.
Bert Askson is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Inongo Territory is in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Adam Oates has played 1337 matches.
Brent London Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Otto Maria Carpeaux speaks Portuguese.
Alexandre Moreno plays for FC Sète 34.
The film Underground ( 1995 film ) has an FSK film rating of FSK 16.
Ana Borges is a member of Chelsea F.C. Women.
The population of Polerady (Prague-East District) is 215.
Joseph Noulens was Minister of Finance.
The population of Lindesberg Municipality is 23,590.
Max Jones ( ice hockey ) was drafted by Anaheim Ducks.
The Teutsche Academie was published in Nuremberg.
Pascal Mariini is a member of Stade Brestois 29.
Honey Brook, Pennsylvania is elevated 738 feet above sea level.
Otto Addo played for Borussia Dortmund.
Kaisa Varis participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Imogen Bankier was a participant at the 2005 IBF World Championships - Women's Doubles.
Anthem, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Jan Kalvoda is the chairperson of the Civic Democratic Alliance.
Sandeep Lamichhane plays for Delhi Capitals.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 has an ortholog called CG11034.
Hino Motors is the manufacturer of the Hino S'elega.
The Shilka River is +560 kilometres long.
Oleksandr Pikhur is a member of FC Arsenal-2 Kyiv.
Rosa Schapire is described in Hamburg Biographies.
Tom Baker provided the voice for Star Wars Rebels.
Grégory Ursule is a member of FC Gueugnon.
Antimony Peak is elevated 6851 feet above sea level.
Poul Anderson was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
The genetics of Asthma is associated with the IRF1-AS1 gene.
Telma Santos competed in the 2006 Portugal Badminton Championships – Women's doubles.
The building Philips Plaza has 8 elevators.
Bill Godley is a member of Plymouth Argyle F.C.
The population of Bella Villa, Missouri is 729.
Kervens Belfort is a member of Tempête FC.
Jay Johnstone played for the New York Yankees.
Charles Stenholm was a U.S. Representative.
The 45th World Science Fiction Convention had an attendance of 4009.
Dave Yovanovits is a member of the Detroit Lions.
Zheng Zhi played for Celtic F.C.
Naraguchi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Elena Nozdran participated in the 1999 IBF World Championships -- Women's Singles.
The population of General Luna, Quezon is 16,526.
Matej Hradecky plays for the Finland national under 21 football team.
South Ferry station ( IRT elevated ) is connected to the IRT Ninth Avenue Line.
Alan Foggon plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Mimosa tenuiflora has fruit type Silique.
Montecristi, Ecuador is elevated 140 metres above sea level.
Xi Telescopii has a parallax of +12.6 milliarcsecond.
Borislav Karamatev is a member of FC Lyubimets.
Brian O'Callaghan is a member of Limerick F.C.
Solomon Feferman was the doctoral advisor to Jon Barwise.
Roddy Collins is a member of Dundalk F.C.
The Minden Museum Railway has a standard-gauge track gauge.
Sunday Pops Series has +7 episodes.
David O. Russell won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The river Lech is elevated 400 metres above sea level.
Stephen Gough (footballer) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
John McGrane plays for the Canada men's national soccer team.
Acropustulosis is a type of Acrodermatitis.
The beam of Sea Cloud is +14.90 metres.
The Tobu Isesaki Line connects with the Utsunomiya Line.
Yury Astravukh is a member of FC Minsk.
Yevgeni Skachkov (footballer) played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Thelon River discharges +840 cubic metre per second.
Count Moritz von Fries is the sponsor of Ludwig van Beethoven.
PU Puppis has a parallax of +5.6667 milliarcsecond.
Niamien Rodolph Amessan is a member of G.D. Tourizense.
Jon Brady plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Cikawalon River is elevated 190 metres above sea level.
Gareth Griffiths (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Chamai Maru Chet Bridge is located on Thanon Phitsanulok.
Robert Bartczak is a member of the Poland national under 16 football team.
Nicky Salapu is a member of Mitra Kukar F.C.
Diego Barrera is a member of the San Fernando Valley Quakes team.
Alessandro Agostini is a member of Hellas Verona F.C.
Giorgos Messalas is a cast member of My Daughter, the Socialist.
FC Shurtan Guzar is the owner of the G'uzor Stadium.
Pensdale, Pennsylvania is elevated 535 feet above sea level.
The film Sand Dollars was nominated for the IFFR audience award.
Andy Mulliner plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
The population of Adilcevaz is 30,376.
Murat Suyumagambetov is a member of FC Ordabasy.
Shlomi Dahan is a member of Borussia Dortmund.
There are 4 seasons of Hollywood Game Night.
Yost, Utah is located in the Mountain time zone.
The population of Auhagen is 1294.
The Cunard Line owned the MV Britannic (1929).
Rodrigo Riquelme is a member of Club Deportivo Palestino.
Planinica (Mionica) is elevated 559 metres above sea level.
The character Asterix is in the novel Asterix and the Falling Sky.
Evgeny Sveshnikov has an Elo rating of +2515.
The Golden Gate National Recreation Area is classified as IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
James Horner was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
The patronage of Lanzhou Zhongchuan International Airport is +12816443.
Robin Scherbatsky is a partner of Kevin Venkataraghavan.
Dayton, Virginia is elevated 367 metres above sea level.
Juan Genovés is a relative of Francisco Candel Tortajada.
Alain Behi played for Calcio Catania.
Matsumoto Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Abdul Sattar Edhi was awarded the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize.
Stephen Grant (footballer) is a member of Galway United F.C.
Stefan Kolev is a member of OFC Spartak Pleven.
Luigi Anaclerio is a member of Hellas Verona F.C.
Wings of the Morning ( 1919 film ) has a duration of +60 minutes.
José Luis Deus is a member of the Spain national under-20 football team.
Francesco Brioschi is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Cristian Gabriel Chávez is a member of PAS Giannina F.C.
Aloysius Wleh Penie is a member of RC Bafoussam.
The mean anomaly of 1389 Onnie is +347.15253 degree.
Gitega Province is elevated 1647 metres above sea level.
Olga Vasyukova is +170 centimetre tall.
Sergey Armishev is a member of FC Zvezda Perm.
Ramsey, Minnesota is elevated 268 metres above sea level.
Mönkhkhairkhan Mountain is elevated 4231 metres above sea level.
Ben Johnson (outfielder) is a member of the San Diego Padres.
Katra Sambili graduated from the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Willy Boly played for the France national under 19 football team.
Florian Faure is a member of Oyonnax Rugby.
Emmanuel Cerda is a member of Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Roma Trastevere railway station is adjacent to Roma San Pietro railway station.
Michael Armstrong (politician) served in the British Army.
Kings Mountain, Kentucky is elevated 1178 feet above sea level.
Valeri Burlachenko is a member of FC Rotor Volgograd.
Yelluru Shri Vishweshwara Temple is in India.
Tootsie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Burlington International Airport is served by the transport hub of Burlington, Vermont.
Baengma station is located in the Time in South Korea.
The Chiltern Hills are elevated 267 metres above sea level.
Desmond Howard is a member of the Detroit Lions.
Nagatoro Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Crystal Lee Sutton won the Pacem in Terris Award.
Rafael Sánchez Mazas is interested in Madrid.
Alex McCulloch (footballer) plays for Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Daniel Koffi-Konan is a member of AC Arles-Avignon.
Jeff Tutuana is a member of Ayia Napa FC.
Harilyn Rousso is on the focus list of WikiProject Human rights.
Patrik Wozniacki is a member of Hvidovre IF.
Oscar Engsund has a mass of +198 pounds.
Maksym Vasilyev is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team.
The second name in Spanish for José Gutiérrez de la Vega is de la Vega.
Kameron Loe is a member of the Atlanta Braves.
Nishikioka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Johnny Woodly plays for Brujas F.C.
Idaho State Highway 13 is located in the Nez Perce National Forest.
Stanislav Rudenko is a member of FC SKA Rostov-on-Don.
Terence Jeffers-Harris is a member of the Calgary Stampeders.
Jack Broome (rugby league) plays for the Wigan Warriors.
The patronage of Isle of Man Airport is +22764.
Clay County, Mississippi is different from Clay County, South Dakota.
Justin Hampson is a member of the San Diego Padres.
Richard Agar is a member of the Widnes Vikings team.
Ioannis Kanotidis is a member of Kalamata F.C.
Aki Toyosaki is the voice actor for Spice and Wolf.
The ESRB rating for Virtua Fighter 2 is Teen.
Franz Michelberger is a member of SV Eintracht Trier 05.
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport is elevated 661 feet above sea level.
The population of Costa Rica is 2,052,076.
That '70s Show (season 1) has +25 episodes.
The Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory has been designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Steve McAlpine was educated at Maryknoll Seminary.
Bruno Pereirinha is a member of Club Athletico Paranaense.
Osiris Shoes produces clothing.
Patrik Gerrbrand is a member of the Sweden national under 21 football team.
Aleksandr Kurnayev is a member of FC Dynamo Vologda.
Chandelle Estates Airport is elevated 7 metres above sea level.
Freddie Guest is known as The Right Honourable.
Ryszard Skrobek has an Elo rating of +2360.
György Molnár played for the New York Giants (soccer).
Burke Dales is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers team.
Alfred Abel was a cast member of Rasputin, the Holy Sinner.
Stefano Botta is a member of FC Lugano.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos is a member of Al-Arabi SC ( Qatar ).
John McGrath (Irish footballer) is a member of Tamworth F.C.
The Jake Jabs College of Business and Entrepreneurship is located in Bozeman, Montana.
National Highway 143A (India) is +71 kilometres in length.
The Mayor of Dimechaux is the head of government in Dimechaux.
The municipality of Mérida, Yucatán is twinned with the municipality of Iguala de la Independencia.
Frank Shu won the Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics.
Bart Simpson is the owner of Santa's Little Helper.
Isao Yoneda participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The population of Chevry-en-Sereine is 516.
Team Stronach is aligned with Right-wing politics.
The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is published under the Creative Commons Attribution–NonCommercial-ShareAlike license.
Victor P. Whittaker had a doctoral student called Thomas C. Südhof.
The population of Offenburg is 50,554.
Arne Zwaig has an Elo rating of +2439.
Uran Kalilov participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tanzania's inflation rate is +11.3 percent.
Vladislav Zhuk is a member of FC Slutsk.
Colorectal cancer is associated with ALOX12.
Scott Willis (footballer) played for Droylsden F.C.
The Campus Antiwar Network is in the United States.
Edith Wharton is associated with the notable work Roman Fever.
The population of Birdsville is 140.
Carlos Portaluppi is a cast member of Whisky Romeo Zulu.
Pokémon Gold and Silver is distributed in the format of ROM cartridge.
Fo Shan Ting Da Bo Gong Temple is in Singapore.
Tommy Hall (cyclist) is buried in Abney Park Cemetery.
Petter Andersson is a member of the Sweden national under 21 football team.
George Francomb is a member of Barnet F.C.
Mohamad Fares (born 1990), a footballer, plays for Al-Karkh SC.
Homer, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Kirishima-Onsen Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Ernest Rutherford was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Gerhard Unger is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Pilip Vaitsiakhovich is a member of Assyriska FF.
Little Alps, Oregon is elevated 6457 feet above sea level.
Ellen Burstyn is a cast member of For Those Who Think Young (film).
Barnard's Star has an effective temperature of +3286 kelvin.
Johann Ludwig Bleuler worked in Scheveningen.
David Brightwell is a member of Chester City F.C.
Willie Stevenson is a member of Liverpool F.C.
The life expectancy in Spain is 82.47561 years.
Dmitry Karbyshev is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Eric Johnstone is a member of South Shields F.C.
The Mayor of Jallerange is the head of government in Jallerange.
Big Mountain (Oklahoma) is elevated 1145 feet above sea level.
Bruno Gramaglia is a member of S.S.C. Napoli.
Pavel Kondrakhin is a member of Ulisses FC.
Salvador Artigas is a member of Union sportive du Mans.
Kyle Lohse played for the Rochester Red Wings.
Kubay Quaiyan is a member of PSSB Bireuen.
Simone Bentivoglio is a member of Modena F.C. 2018.
Giampietro Puppi is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Didier Angan is a member of the Ivory Coast national football team.
Jennifer Hale provided the voice for Tak and the Power of Juju.
Brooks, Wisconsin is elevated 951 feet above sea level.
Miller Memorial Airpark is elevated 2249 feet above sea level.
The patronage of Dehradun Airport is +92291.
The highest point of Mount Desert Island is Cadillac Mountain.
Frank Wilczek won the Lilienfeld Prize.
Trayon Bobb plays for Morvant Caledonia United.
Gilles Rampillon is a member of FC Nantes.
Bert Sakmann won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
The West Midland Safari Park keeps California sea lions.
Midvale Center station is adjacent to Historic Sandy station.
Lee Hyun-jin (footballer) plays for Jeju United FC.
DS Andromedae has an apparent magnitude of +9.481.
Elionar Bombinha is a member of Ituano FC.
Alexias is associated with the time period Classical antiquity.
Abdul Osman is a member of Gretna F.C.
Arthur Nugent is a member of Darlington F.C.
The Humpbacked Horse ( 1947 film ) is +57 minutes long.
Montecarlo, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Lamberto V. Avellana's spouse is Daisy Avellana.
Int'Air Îles is an airline alliance with Vanilla Alliance.
Gábor Gerstenmájer plays for FC Baden.
Jacques Anquetil won the 1969 Tour of the Basque Country.
Vadym Shakhraychuk is a member of Metallurg Magnitogorsk.
Ebitimi Agogu is a member of Bayelsa United F.C.
Jacques Ciron is a cast member of The Lottery of Happiness.
Ricardo Lopes de Oliveira is a member of América Futebol Clube (RN).
The patronage of Dubai International Airport is +23607507.
Javier Umbides is a member of Defensa y Justicia.
Andrey Kolmogorov's student was Yuri Prokhorov.
Scandia, Kansas is elevated 439 metres above sea level.
The Marlow Award is conferred by the Royal Society of Chemistry‏ ‎Faraday Division‏.
Shawclough and Healey railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Harvey Island has a area of +0.07 square kilometres.
Lee Pearson participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Cotton, Minnesota is elevated 1329 feet above sea level.
138 Tolosa has an orbital eccentricity of +0.162072658521988.
The right ascension of Omicron Persei is +56.07971683 degree.
Roads and Maritime Services owns the Milsons Point ferry wharf.
Kurt Van Dooren is a member of Lierse S.K.
The patronage of Essendon Airport is +18836.
Albert Smithson is a member of Scarborough F.C.
The Country Girl ( 1915 film ) has a 4:3 aspect ratio.
The population of Eppingen is 14645.
Cumberland in Edmonton is elevated 685 metres above sea level.
Billy Crystal was nominated for the TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Movies, Miniseries and Specials.
The population of Lhuis is 910.
Matthew Hittinger was influenced by Alice Fulton.
Diego Perotti is a member of Boca Juniors.
Guarino Guarini is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Santa Coloma de Queralt has 153 households.
The list of named passenger trains of Indonesia is a Wikimedia list article.
Pomquet Lake is elevated 5 metres above sea level.
The area of Lolobau Island is +56 square kilometre.
Valentin Dartilov is a member of OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC participated in the 2002 -- 03 Cypriot First Division.
Daniel Nettelbladt is described in the New Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The Visp District includes the municipality of Baltschieder.
The population of Poth, Texas is 1850.
Andrew Hamilton (rugby league) is a member of the Norths Devils team.
Denver Pioneers are the occupants of DU Stadium.
Pavel Sitko is a member of FC Rechitsa-2014.
José Espinal is a member of ASD FBC Saronno 1910.
Thomas M. Norwood was a U.S. Representative.
John Jaramillo played for the Colombia national under 20 football team.
Clarence Mitchell Jr. is on the list of WikiProject Human Rights.
The population of Valle del Retortillo is 184.
The University of Regensburg is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories.
Amanda Leighton is a cast member of The Fosters (American TV series).
Pine Hills, Florida is elevated 112 feet above sea level.
The list of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson episodes in 1985 has 182 episodes.
Simon Feindouno is a member of FC Istres.
Aleksander Solli is a member of the Norway national under 18 football team.
Bruno Grassi is a member of G.D. Tourizense.
Valcar Cylance 2019 were the participating team in the 2019 Strade Bianche Women.
Steve Ball, born 1973, played for Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.
St. Francis, Minnesota is elevated 280 metres above sea level.
Roy Greenwood, born 1952, played for Swindon Town F.C.
Dr. Jay Loeffler graduated from Williams College.
Ludovic Gotin has a mass of +70 kilograms.
Deon Burton is a member of Worcester City F.C.
Scott Wilson, born in 1982, plays for Brechin City F.C.
Laurie Brown (footballer) played for Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.
Nana Smith plays with a two-handed forehand.
The topographic prominence of Font Mountain is +213 metres.
The novel 'Victory (novel)' is in the public domain.
Ben Roy Mottelson is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Randsfjorden Line's terminus is Drammen Station.
Alipore Jail is a KMC Heritage Building Grade I.
Greenhills Beach, New South Wales has a male population of +410.
Sony Pictures is the owner of Animax Spain.
Francesco Benussi is a member of Hellas Verona F.C.
Michael Cacoyannis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director.
Fernando Zunzunegui played for the Spain national under 18 football team.
The orbital inclination of 704 Interamnia is +17.29 degree.
The population of Laluenga is 194.
Richard Whorf is a cast member of Blues in the Night (film).
Colorado State Highway 136 is +4.469 miles in length.
The total revenue of Sakhalin Energy is +314878300000 Russian ruble.
The series Tales from Northumberland with Robson Green has had 3 seasons.
Aleksei Yurishchev is a member of FC Khimik-Arsenal.
The patronage of Lanyu Airport is +47406.
Keezhuvaipur is located in the UTC +05:30 time zone.
David Izazola is a member of San Luis F.C.
Mark Charnock is a cast member of Emmerdale.
Marc Mboua is a member of AS Real Bamako.
Steve Phillips, born in 1954, plays for Torquay United F.C.
The Ilyushin Il-38 is powered by the Ivchenko AI-20.
Alexandru Iacob is a member of FC Corvinul Hunedoara.
The Fukuoka Prefecture is the owner of Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 706.
Marco Barbo was a Diocesan bishop.
Aiken Regional Airport is elevated 161 metres above sea level.
The Group of Thirty is sponsored by Mizuho Financial Group.
Dragan Stojkov plays for Indy Eleven.
Stuart Wardley is a member of Saffron Walden Town F.C.
Administration Complex Station is located in the Time in South Korea.
The population of Pomarkku is 2316.
Mario Danailov is a member of PFC Ludogorets Razgrad.
The Trenhotel is a service connected to Camp de Tarragona railway station.
Maksym Khvorost participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dahntay Jones is a member of the Indiana Pacers.
Caetano Calil is a member of ACF Fiorentina.
Boonoo Boonoo National Park is elevated 991 metres above sea level.
Savant Lake has an elevation of +397 metres above sea level.
The population of Huancayo Province is +545615.
The population of Galicia (Spain) is 2,767,524.
The Mayor of Ydes is the head of government in Ydes.
Alonso Piola is a member of A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio.
Ethnikos Latsion FC were the participating team in the 2015-16 Cypriot Third Division.
Wilfred Lucas is a cast member of They Drive by Night.
Ilham Jaya Kesuma is a member of MPPJ Selangor F.C.
Matteo Moschetti is a member of the Kometa Cycling Team.
James Scowcroft plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Adauto Neto is a member of the Rochester Rhinos.
The Punakha District includes the Shenga Bjime Gewog.
Tipishsa Airport is elevated 783 feet above sea level.
Ishmel Demontagnac plays for Walsall F.C.
Alfonso de Santa Cruz was an Auxiliary Bishop.
Braunschweig is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Cenicientos is 2110.
Gamma Centauri has an effective temperature of +9082 kelvin.
Erlspitze Group is elevated 2405 metres above sea level.
Erik Adlerz participated in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Yavorsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Johnny Carey is a member of Middlesbrough F.C.
Chris Kaman played for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Goryushino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
Guido Reybrouck was a member of Smith's cycling team.
Abukuma Station is located in the Japan Standard Time.
The 1995 Peters International was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Acadia Lake is elevated 55 metres above sea level.
The Hunters ( 1958 film ) has an FSK 12 rating.
The Chalifour River is a tributary of Lake Mistassini.
Mirco Bergamasco is a member of the Italy national rugby union team.
Billy Felton plays for Altrincham F.C.
Albert Meijeringh works in Paris.
Kiyose Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Geoff Pike is a member of Hendon F.C.
The population of Vodice (Tábor District) is 209.
The Best of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy is in English.
The 2007 Greek forest fires occurred in the Peloponnese.
Manuel Turchi is 181 centimetres high.
Alexis Denisof is a cast member of Justice League (TV series).
The Worms -- Bingen Stadt railway has a standard-gauge railway.
AEM Mesogis were the participating team in the 2001-02 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Stuart Law is a member of Derbyshire County Cricket Club.
Tandooreh National Park is a national park of Iran.
Amin Affane plays for the Sweden national under 19 football team.
Garrett Morris is a cast member of The Stuff.
Ihor Kostyuk is a member of FC Arsenal Kyiv.
Hochheim station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Mohd Faiz Subri is a member of Kelantan FA.
Iain Flannigan plays for Alloa Athletic F.C.
Carlos Diogo plays for PFC CSKA Sofia.
Martin Lanig is a member of APOEL FC.
Ron Smith (defensive back) played for the Chicago Bears.
Gogrial Airport is elevated 416 metres above sea level.
Jan Schulmeister is a member of SK Sigma Olomouc.
Xavier Adibi is a member of the Tennessee Titans.
The maximum capacity of Bridgestone Arena is 19395.
Perry Tuttle is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The UFO Welcome Center is in the United States.
The inflation rate for Tanzania is +6.7 percent.
Soe Min Oo is a member of the Myanmar national under 23 football team.
Soslan Gatagov is a member of FC Spartak Moscow.
Armenian Airlines operates the Ilyushin Il-86.
Utah State Route 130 is +43.076 miles in length.
Revillagigedo Islands are elevated 1130 metres above sea level.
Mena Creek, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Hill.
Lloyd Corrigan was a cast member of It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World.
Henry Ezeh is a member of Mumbai F.C.
The patronage of Ivalo Airport is +4768.
The Hat Khanom -- Mu Ko Thale Tai National Park is located in Taling Ngam.
Caitlyn Jenner won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Javier Casquero is a member of CD Toledo.
Eric Felton weighs +200 pounds.
The Semboku Rapid Railway is +14.3 kilometres in length.
Robin Kay's works are in the collection of Alexander Turnbull Library.
Antonella Clerici is the presenter of Affari tuoi.
Yevgeni Chupin is a member of FC Sokol Saratov.
Jon Klemm played for the Quebec Nordiques.
The Mann Arts and Science Magnet Middle School is named after Horace Mann.
Petar Lakov is a member of FC Sportist Svoge.
Matthew Steenvoorden plays for FC Dordrecht.
Yes Man ( film ) has an FSK film rating of FSK 6.
Thomas Schlieter is a member of VfB Homberg.
The Texas Department of Transportation is the owner of Farm to Market Road 649.
The footballer Paulista, born in 1979, played for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
Mikheil Potskhveria is a member of FC Zorya Luhansk.
Matt Lockwood is a member of Sutton United F.C.
Speedworks Motorsport was founded in 2005.
Mike Enriquez is a cast member of Philippine Agenda.
Peter Laugesen won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy.
Juninho Pernambucano is the statistical leader of the 2011 Qatar Crown Prince Cup.
Jens Dowe plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Bert Hoyle is a member of Exmouth Town F.C.
Ferenc Hámori is a member of Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Andé Dona Ndoh is a member of Luzenac AP.
Avril Lavigne won the Juno Award for Single of the Year.
Khayyam Metro Station (Mashhad Metro) is adjacent to Palestine Metro Station (Mashhad Metro).
The Belarus national football team has a ranking of +75.
The apparent magnitude of Rho Geminorum is +3.22.
Maxime Josse is a member of Stade Brestois 29.
The maximum capacity of Călărășeuca Stadium is 2000.
Paddington 2 was filmed at Tower Bridge.
Chiquinho Baiano is a member of Niki Volou FC.
Southwick Priory is a Scheduled monument.
Fernando Peralta Carrasco is a member of Sevilla FC.
Sean Evans (basketball) is 203 centimetres high.
Paolo Ponzo is a member of Savona F.B.C.
Crescente Errázuriz's consecrator was Eduardo Gimpert Paut.
Gamil Agamaliev has an Elo rating of +2515.
Perry, Florida is elevated 14 metres above sea level.
Bodie Hills is elevated 2871 metres above sea level.
The 1892 -- 93 Football League had a total of 936 points/goals/sets scored.
The patronage of Horta Airport is +5064.
Sabinópolis is elevated 714 metres above sea level.
Sigamary Diarra is a member of Valenciennes FC.
Jorge Silva (born 1972), a footballer, played for U.S.C. Paredes.
Swiss Federal Railways owns the Zofingen, Wässermattenweg Station.
Thomas Kruse played for the Germany national under 16 football team.
Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Filho is a member of Santa Helena Esporte Clube.
Sandgate, Queensland is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Scott Taylor, born 1970, played for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Enrique Parada is a member of the Bolivia national football team.
Tomasz Baliga is a member of Okocimski KS Brzesko.
The maximum capacity of Shea Stadium in Peoria, Illinois is 3800.
Reinier Estpinan participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Birsa Munda Hockey Stadium has a maximum capacity of 5000.
The 312th Cavalry Regiment is from the United States.
Davit G. Petrosian has an Elo rating of +2468.
Iyo-Nagahama Station is located in the Japan Standard Time.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of Manchester City W.F.C.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born in 1983, plays for F.C. Aboumoslem.
Veenendaal Centrum railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Dave Mustaine is the lyrics author of the song "Peace Sells".
Rufus is available for Windows 10.
Kurt Weill was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
Hiram Garcia is the executive producer of Shazam! ( film ).
Krasnokutsky District is located in the Samara Time zone.
The United States Marine Corps Reserve has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The Doris Day Show has 128 episodes.
Don Strock weighs +220 pounds.
Yair Netanyahu is a vegetarian.
Deltora Quest 1 has The Shifting Sands as part.
Kostas Kapetanos is a member of A.E. Karaiskakis F.C.
Andrei Bugneac is a member of FC Rapid Ghidighici.
Jason Trifiro plays for South Melbourne FC.
The population of Baden, Switzerland is 19,175.
Hélder Barbosa is a member of S.C. Braga.
Javier Clemente played for the Spain national under 23 football team.
George Ford (rugby union) is a member of the England Saxons team.
Supreme, Louisiana is elevated 488 metres above sea level.
Gabriel Zakuani is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
The population of Chok Chai District is 82462.
Jan Balet works in Munich.
John Graham (diplomat) is described in The National Cyclopaedia of American Biography.
Miguel Miranda is a member of Deportivo Wanka.
The Tayacaja Province includes the Colcabamba District.
Christoph Martschinko is a member of SC Wiener Neustadt.
Qusay Habib is 180 centimetres high.
Mahbubul Alam (cricketer) is a member of the Dhaka Dynamites team.
The orbital period of Soyuz 16 is +89.2 minute.
Amvrosios Papadopoulos is a member of Xanthi F.C.
The primary destinations of European route E52 are Strasbourg.
The Allagash River is +105 kilometres long.
Daniel Pedro Minorelli is a member of ABC Futebol Clube.
Joe Kendrick, born 1983, plays for Bray Wanderers F.C.
U.S. Route 400 is part of the state highways in Colorado.
Luis Monti played for Club Atlético Huracán.
Ernie Carless is a member of Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Bobb'e J. Thompson provided the voice for Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (film).
Nikolai Olenikov is a member of the Russia national football team.
The official language of Jeffreys Bay is Afrikaans.
Takeshi Kaga is a cast member of The Emperor's Cook.
Graham Newton is a member of Worcester City F.C.
Kure-Portopia Station is adjacent to Koyaura Station.
Pratik Chaudhari plays for Mumbai F.C.
Chiba Prefecture owns the Chiba Prefectural Road Route 157.
Latvian Railways is the owner of Milzkalne Station.
Larisa Li plays for the Kazakhstan women's national football team.
Pachakutiq (Puno) is elevated 5000 metres above sea level.
Mohd Hasmawi Hassan is a member of Penang FA.
Ikema Island is elevated 28 metres above sea level.
Firestone Stadium was opened in 1925.
Daysville, Illinois is elevated 699 feet above sea level.
Matthias Jansz van den Bergh was a student of Peter Paul Rubens.
Cromer Links Halt railway station is part of the railway stations in Cromer.
Japan National Route 479 connects with the Matsubara Route.
William Hakewill was a Member of the 1601 Parliament.
Clover Township, Clearwater County, Minnesota is elevated 385 metres above sea level.
Kaulbachplatz ( Nuremberg U-Bahn ) was opened on 10 December 2011.
Cristian Molinaro is 182 centimetres high.
The population of Vega de Valcarce is 735.
The category for people born in San Luis, Argentina is Category:Births in San Luis, Argentina.
José Ramón Alexanko played for the Basque Country national football team.
Lisa Smith-Batchen is sponsored by The North Face.
Park Township in St. Joseph County, Michigan is elevated 255 metres above sea level.
Niklas Andersson played for the Quebec Nordiques.
Herbert Read won the Erasmus Prize.
Titus Kaphar is represented by the Jack Shainman Gallery.
Cecilie Pedersen (Norwegian footballer) plays for LSK Kvinner FK.
Zoumana Camara is a member of Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Henry Seniloli is a member of the Fiji Warriors.
Linda Cardellini is a cast member of Freaks and Geeks.
Adam Kokoszka is 187 centimetres high.
The Cosmos CE2F series is a midget submarine.
Emily Bett Rickards is a cast member of Supergirl (TV series).
Ray Semproch played for the Philadelphia Phillies.
William Morton (footballer) plays for Durham City A.F.C.
Bill Radovich is a member of the Detroit Lions.
Hatcher, West Virginia is elevated 2028 feet above sea level.
Massimiliano Ammendola is a member of the Crociati Noceto team.
Ricardo Buitrago is a member of the Panama national football team.
Burgdorf, Switzerland is elevated 533 metres above sea level.
Maastricht Randwyck railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Edwin Gorter is a member of FC Lugano.
Casey Jones (TV series) has 32 episodes.
Delfina de la Cruz is a relative of Francisco Antonio Pinto.
Benson, Vermont is elevated 146 metres above sea level.
11885 Summanus has an orbital inclination of +19.41888 degree.
Ebina Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Daniel Montenegro is a member of Club Atlético Independiente.
Mahela Jayawardene was a member of the Kochi Tuskers Kerala team.
The population of Bueng Sam Phan District is 67,692.
Jim Broadbent is a cast member of Bright Young Things.
Arturo Soria y Mata contributed to El Progreso.
The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a member of Historic Hotels Worldwide.
Carlos Deltour participated in Rowing at the 1900 Summer Olympics -- Men's coxed pair.
Ben Stiller is a cast member of The Meyerowitz Stories.
The Otay Mesa-Nestor Branch Library is part of the San Diego Public Library.
Peterhead in South Australia has a female population of 609.
Adam Nemec plays for New York City FC.
Simone Malacarne is a member of Italy national football C teams.
Malaya ( film ) is a 95 minute movie.
The Mayor of Cuiabá is the head of government in Cuiabá.
Boudry is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Anaya de Alba is 228.
The population of Candaba, Pampanga is 16,036.
People born in Floyd County, Virginia are included in the category People from Floyd County, Virginia.
Pedro Correia (born 1987) played for the Portugal national under 20 football team.
Biro-Biro, born 1964, played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Tempe Pigott is a cast member of Man of the Forest.
Charles Wills was a member of the 5th Parliament of Great Britain.
Antonio Moreno (footballer) played for Mérida UD.
Vaigu is located in Saaremaa Parish.
Pavel Caicedo is a member of C.S. Emelec.
Bobby Locke (baseball) played for the Cleveland Indians.
Pascal Millien is a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Bobo Bola is a member of IFK Lidingö.
Mai Khet is part of Mueang Prachinburi District.
Roman Smishko is a member of FC Odessa.
Matteo Guarise participated in the 2018 Rostelecom Cup - pair skating.
Tatanagar Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Steve Burton, born 1983, plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Paul Evans, born 1973, plays for Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Mikhail Ryzhov (footballer) plays for FC Spartak Kostroma.
Davide Chiumiento plays for FC Zürich.
Plamen Iliev (born 1994), a footballer, plays for PFC Levski Sofia.
The discharge of Sunzha River is +82.9 cubic metre per second.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2004 -- 05 Cypriot First Division.
The population of Ban Thi Subdistrict is 9525.
Pollux ( star ) has an apparent magnitude of +0.39.
The region of Apulia includes the Metropolitan City of Bari.
The home ground of ASC Diaraf is Stade de Diaraf.
The population of Baskin, Louisiana is 188.
Boykin, Alabama is elevated 128 feet above sea level.
The subject is Justice Party (Turkey) and its main category is Category:Justice Party (Turkey).
Osvaldo Peretti is a member of Piacenza Calcio 1919.
Davit Benidze has an Elo rating of +2525.
Jim Hagan is a member of the Detroit Express team.
Encanto / Central Avenue station is adjacent to McDowell / Central Avenue station.
Angadipuram railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
The inflation rate in Honduras is +15.7 percent.
The population of Palazuelo de Vedija is 272.
Lee Sharpe played for Manchester United F.C.
Alon Hazan is a member of the Israel national football team.
Nick Viergever is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
The population of Francheleins is 1482.
Adam Shaiek is a member of Troyes AC.
Andromeda XXII is the parent astronomical body of the Triangulum Galaxy.
Detlef Schrempf won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award.
David Gerrold was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
Seydou Koné is a member of ES Uzès Pont du Gard.
The maximum capacity of Alush Noga Stadium is 4000.
Nicolaus Ferber is described in Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, 12th volume.
Food security is on the focus list of WikiProject Human rights.
The mean anomaly of 215 Oenone is +4.83020815415958 degree.
Kentucky Route 242 is +10.275 miles in length.
Iris Tabeling participated in the 2015 Swiss International Badminton Championships – Mixed doubles.
Nariyasu Yasuhara played for Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo).
The patronage of Teresina Airport is +89035.
The gens Fadia is in the category Fadii.
The patronage of Liverpool John Lennon Airport is +598844.
David Nègre is a member of FC Aurillac Arpajon Cantal Auvergne.
The population of Espeja is 245.
Fredric Steinkamp was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
Sergio Gori is a member of the Italy national football team.
Giulio Benso has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
Roman Zozulya is a member of Sevilla FC.
Sangrampur, Maharashtra is elevated 273 metres above sea level.
Printer, Kentucky is elevated 673 feet above sea level.
Ben Stiller is a cast member of While We're Young (film).
Alan Rawsthorne was a student of Lorne Betts.
Belén, Uruguay is elevated 44 metres above sea level.
Ivan Lazhechnikov is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
The Lebanon national football team has a ranking of +93.
Billy Konstantinidis is a member of Pierikos F.C.
Wolf Lake in New York is elevated 462 metres above sea level.
The 2010 League of Ireland First Division is the main category of the 2010 League of Ireland First Division.
Ellesmere Island is part of the Arctic Archipelago.
Mark Leiter is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies.
There were 88 participants in the 2015 La Madrid Challenge by La Vuelta.
The Principle of Moments was recorded at Rockfield Studios.
Alma, Texas is elevated 146 metres above sea level.
Nelson Carneiro was the signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
The Southeastern Anatolia Region shares a border with the Mediterranean Region, Turkey.
The game Joint Strike Fighter is set in Afghanistan.
Julian Symons won the Cartier Diamond Dagger.
The inflation rate of Brunei is +6 percent.
Virginia Madsen won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Acting Ensemble.
Éric Galliano is a cast member of A Soldier's Tale.
The Solidus (coin) is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Utzenfeld is +527.
The original language of Grasshoppers (Cavallette) is Italian language.
The head of government in Slobozia, Giurgiu is Mihai Gheonu.
Daowai District is elevated 119 metres above sea level.
Rolf Rasmussen is a cast member of Sommer (TV series).
Fielding, Iowa is elevated 1394 feet above sea level.
Tarrawingee, Victoria is located in Victoria, Australia.
Thomas Franck (footballer) plays for SV Darmstadt 98.
Tawarada Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Christine Magnusson participated in the 1992 Scottish Open Badminton Championships – Women's doubles.
Tamazi Yenik is a member of FC Dinamo Sukhumi.
Kwanchai Fuangprakob is a member of the Thailand national football team.
The Soviet submarine K-278 Komsomolets has a beam of +12.3 metres.
Semmangudi is located in the UTC + 05:30 time zone.
Jean-Marie Aubry is a member of Lille OSC.
Maksim Grigoryev, born in 1990, played for the Russia national under 21 football team.
Slatterys Lake is elevated 1 metre above sea level.
Valerie Adams participated in the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup.
The HSF Knossos Palace is +214.0 metres in length.
David Parnas was a doctoral student of Everard Mott Williams.
Lyons, Georgia is elevated 73 metres above sea level.
Thunderhead Mountain is elevated 5527 feet above sea level.
Asa Hartford plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Vadim Bolohan is a member of FC Nistru Otaci.
Marcel Duchamp was a partner of the artist, Maria Martins.
Arsen Balabekyan is a member of FC Kotayk.
Horacio Erpen is a member of U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Brusnica Velika is elevated 152 metres above sea level.
Harry Crane Perrin is in the archives at McGill University Archives.
Mourtala Diakité is a member of Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C.
Beverly Yanez is a member of PK-35 Vantaa.
Mikhail Gorbachev was awarded the Golden Plate Award.
Andy Bowman plays for Tonbridge Angels F.C.
The Mayor of La Ricamarie is the head of government in La Ricamarie.
Viktor Melnyk is a member of FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
Robin Atkin Downes provided the voice for Postman Pat : The Movie.
Clark Masters is a member of Redbridge F.C.
April Wine was nominated for the Juno Award for Group of the Year.
Steve Arnold (born 1951), who is a footballer, plays for Dorchester Town F.C.
Gangabal Lake is elevated 3566 metres above sea level.
Olympia, Kentucky is elevated 761 feet above sea level.
Garbagnate Parco delle Groane railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fritz Wunderlich is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Alberto Toril is a member of Real Madrid Castilla.
Bunny Larkin plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Ignacy Jan Paderewski was a student of Theodor Leschetizky.
Iuliu Bodola was a member of the Romania national football team.
Olumide Oyedeji is a member of the Orlando Magic.
Zaur Mamutov is a member of FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.
Diego Rivarola is a member of Club Atlético Platense.
J.J. Thomson won the Nobel Prize in Physics.
William Rose (footballer) is a member of Swifts F.C.
Yervand Sukiasyan is a member of Iraklis F.C. (Θεσσαλονίκη).
Richard FitzNeal was Bishop of London.
Costas Markou is a member of Ayia Napa FC.
The Central Denmark Region is twinned with Shanghai.
Kritsakorn Kerdpol is a member of PT Prachuap F.C.
Tommaso ( 2016 film ) is a 97 minute movie.
Raymond Felton is a member of the Charlotte Hornets.
Juan Figallo is a member of the Argentina national rugby union team.
Balázs Zamostny is a member of Pécsi MFC.
The population of Untereisesheim is 2127.
Juninho (born 1983) is a footballer who played for Clube Atlético Mineiro.
Pope Gregory IX is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Mehdi Zobeydi is a member of Foolad F.C.
The population of Navarredonda de la Rinconada is 276.
Maksim Bobylev is a member of FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jacob Poscoliero is a member of Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.
Humayun Farkhan is a member of the Sargodha cricket team.
Sakis Tsiolis is a member of Paniliakos F.C.
Christophe Gaffory is a member of Stade Bordelais (football).
The patronage of Glasgow Prestwick Airport is +405042.
The 2015 season was the season of IFK Norrköping.
Block Island is +11 kilometres in length.
Sahiti P. Lakshmi has an Elo rating of +2110.
Jo Hyeon-woo is a member of the South Korea national football team.
The patronage of Hervey Bay Airport is +8952.
David Galloway (footballer) is a member of Leyton Orient F.C.
Bertie Childs competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Fabio Borini played for Sunderland A.F.C.
Tommaso Crudeli was a student of Bernardo Tanucci.
The population of Haiti is 5,051,633.
Dennys Reyes played for the Colorado Rockies.
The Mayor of Cathervielle is the head of government in Cathervielle.
Leandro Amaral is a member of CR Vasco da Gama.
Marques Batista de Abreu is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Big Pit National Coal Museum is a subsidiary of Amgueddfa Cymru -- National Museum Wales.
Kieron Dyer played for Newcastle United F.C.
Oleh Mazurenko is a member of FC Obolon Kyiv.
Miguel Rojas is a member of Alianza Petrolera F.C.
Agent Sawu is a member of Dynamos F.C.
Oskar Eustis is the director/manager of The Public Theater.
Georges Urbain was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Zambia is a signatory of the Universal Copyright Convention.
Marc de Val is a member of CE Sabadell FC.
James Stewart (born 1885) played for Dumbarton F.C.
Artem Galyak is a member of FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi.
Thenmala railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Vesa Vierikko is a cast member of August Fools.
The Horde ( 2009 film ) is a 102 minute movie.
Ferdinando Sforzini is a member of F.C. Grosseto S.S.D.
Kevin Finney played for Lincoln City F.C.
Annaba is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Ted Hufton plays for Watford F.C.
Dante Mircoli played for Calcio Catania.
Attila Szili is a member of FC Rouen.
Iron Range Township, Itasca County, Minnesota is elevated 435 metres above sea level.
The inflation rate in Kenya is +19.3 percent.
The orbital eccentricity of 2995 Taratuta is +0.1351558.
Frankenstein (Pfalz) station is located in the Central European Time zone.
DeFuniak Springs Airport is elevated 289 feet above sea level.
Willie Naughton, born in 1962, plays for Bamber Bridge F.C.
The population of Berezivka is 9845.
Adriano Zecca is a member of Genoa C.F.C.
Tonnerre Yaoundé's home ground is Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo.
Jason Mooney (Northern Irish footballer) plays for Ards F.C.
The patronage of Cangyuan Washan Airport is +2773.
Hollandsville, Delaware is elevated 66 feet above sea level.
Panagiotis Katsiaros is a member of the Athletic Union of Larissa.
The edibility of Lactarius sanguifluus is choice mushroom.
Franco Paonessa is a member of the Canton Invaders.
Stratford, California is elevated 62 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Andahuaylas Airport is +1139.
Gustavo Rodas is a member of Beijing Renhe F.C.
Tom Webley is a member of the Dorset County Cricket Club.
The production designer for The Saga of Hemp Brown was Alexander Golitzen.
Frank Marlowe is a cast member of Journey into Light.
The editor of The London Magazine is John Lehmann.
Orfeas Nicosia were the participating team in the 1978-79 Cypriot Cup.
Brikama is the capital of Brikama (local government area).
Kazuaki Koide provided the voice for The Fuma Conspiracy.
Clydie Roberts is a member of Concord Rangers F.C.
Tatyana Nikitina is a Candidate of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics.
Ha Jung-eun participated in the 2011 Swiss Open Badminton Championships – Women's doubles.
Umesh Yadav is a member of the Vidarbha cricket team.
Daniel McNiven is a member of Indiana Flooring.
Jordi Fabregat is a member of Hércules CF.
Ryan Shawcross is a member of the England national football team.
Kumamoto Prefecture is the owner of Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 188.
Heroes and Villains has 6 episodes.
The John Mayer Trio is signed with Columbia Records.
' Neath Brooklyn Bridge is a +61 minute movie.
John Petts (footballer) plays for Bath City F.C.
John Howell Collier's place of burial was Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery.
Miyuki Sawashiro provided the voice for Naruto Shippuden the Movie.
The inflation rate in Ghana is +16.8 percent.
Stamatis Sapalidis is a member of PAS Giannina F.C.
The patronage of Mangalore International Airport is +199957.
Suzanne Davies is a member of Nottingham Forest L.F.C.
Ruben Schaken played for SC Veendam.
The population of Seranville is 95.
George Pal was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Roman Udodov is a member of FC Stavropol.
Hengyang contains Hengnan County.
The Falémé River is +400 kilometres long.
Patty Hearst is a cast member of Bio-Dome.
Shikaka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Dennis Etchison won the World Fantasy Award -- Anthology.
Xemi Fernández is a member of FC Barcelona B.
Alessandro Marchi is a member of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Nicolae Mușat is a member of CS Concordia Chiajna.
Marcelo Carballo is a member of the Bolivia national under 20 football team.
Alberto Escassi is a member of Hércules CF.
Hiroyuki Tomita participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Femi Ogunode participated in the 2010 Asian Games.
The list of hotels in Poland is a list article.
There are 13105 households in the Central District of Dargaz County.
Shizuoka Prefecture is the owner of Shizuoka Prefectural Road Route 245.
Thomas Götzl played for the Finland national under 21 football team.
Davide Taini is a member of FC Singen 04.
Delta Cassiopeiae has an apparent magnitude of +2.25.
Igor Ryzhkov is a member of FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
Simcha Zissel Ziv was a student of Israel Salanter.
Mosambik Lake (Ontario) is elevated 345 metres above sea level.
Jehad Muntasser played for Empoli F.C.
Murat Tleshev is a member of FC Taraz.
The Homework (Daft Punk album) is in English.
Niko Bianconi is a member of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
Sven Kreyer is a member of VfL Bochum II.
Lilian Nalis is a member of Plymouth Argyle F.C.
The population of Bouconville is 56.
The parent organization of the National Theatre Company of China is the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the People's Republic of China.
Yongde County includes the Daxueshan Yizu Lahuzu Daizu Township.
Michael Palardy has a mass of +191 pounds.
Hazel Keener was a cast member of The Racket (1951).
Hall Island (Alaska) is +9.7 kilometres long.
Yona, Russia is elevated 156 metres above sea level.
Boulevard de Sébastopol is bordered by rue Blondel.
Henning Hauger plays for the Norway national under 21 football team.
Seagraves, Texas is elevated 1022 metres above sea level.
The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups was established on 17 December 1987.
Verdi Godwin plays for Brentford F.C.
Adrian Neaga is a member of CS Mioveni.
Logan Botanic Garden is a category B listed building.
The maximum capacity of Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium is 9000.
Justin Moss is 80 inches high.
The Palouse Falls is located in the Snake River basin.
Gerald Williams (baseball) played for the Milwaukee Brewers.
Bobby Tolan played for the San Diego Padres.
Alessandro Carrozza is a member of A.C. Pisa 1909.
Raimo Summanen weighs +180 pounds.
Kristianstad Municipality is elevated 5 metres above sea level.
Michel Benoist was a cast member of The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film).
Simeon Masaba is a member of Police FC ( Uganda ).
The male population of Mangampadu is 625.
Matia Bazar was a participant in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979.
Volodymyr Hrynyov participated in the 27th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Woolley Edge services are in the United Kingdom.
Bukit Ketri railway station is located in the Time in Malaysia.
3749 Balam has an orbital inclination of +5.38052 degree.
Kudus Oyenuga is a member of Boreham Wood F.C.
Lake Manyara Airport is served by the transport hub of Haydom.
Shawn Weatherly is a cast member of Cold Case.
The population of Dlouhopolsko is 213.
The population of Sezemice (Mladá Boleslav District) is 265.
Yordan Gospodinov is a member of PFC Litex Lovech.
Alice Boyd is described in the English Female Artists.
HR 273 has a proper motion of -12.669 milliarcsecond per year.
Tarawli Kalan is elevated 491 metres above sea level.
LibreOffice is written in Welsh.
Marc Libbra is a member of Toulouse FC.
Yuriy Goltsev is a member of FC Neman Grodno.
Gedde Watanabe is a cast member of Armageddon (1998 film).
Toyama Prefecture is the owner of Toyama Prefectural Road Route 297.
Jean Pierre Flourens is a cast member of The Contessa's Secret.
Rasa Komuter station is located in Time in Malaysia.
Oak Point, Illinois is located in the Central Time Zone.
The population of Valle de las Navas is 618.
Ulunma Jerome is a member of Rivers Angels F.C.
The inflation rate in Thailand is +4.8 percent.
Jérôme Palatsi is a member of Olympique Alès.
Mikhail Yudin is a member of FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Wallonia is elevated 163 metres above sea level.
Javi Venta is a member of Real Oviedo B.
Chiba Prefecture owns the Chiba Prefectural Road Route 83.
Wanda Landowska is described in Riemann's Music Dictionary (1901–1904).
The maximum capacity of Island Federal Credit Union Arena is 4160.
Marcus Bean plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Krumbach, Bavaria archives are at Stadtarchiv Krumbach.
Fadhil Noh is a member of Home United FC.
Wayne Matle is a member of Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
The Regent Park Revitalization Plan is in Canada.
Waisale Sukanaveita is a member of the Barrow Raiders team.
Mongo ( horse )'s father was Royal Charger.
Holger K Nielsen was a member of the Folketing.
La Guaira is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Scott McBride is a member of Raith Rovers F.C.
The Usaghade language is indigenous to the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Walkers Crossing in West Virginia is elevated 597 feet above sea level.
Mauri Wasi is a member of Sobou F.C.
The Fable of the Bees is in the public domain.
Tremaine Stewart is a member of Waterhouse F.C.
The High Wycombe Chair Making Museum is in the United Kingdom.
Mickleton, New Jersey is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
The population of La Pobla Llarga is +4577.
Bryan Camilo Reyes is a member of San Luis de Quillota.
The patronage of Kingscote Airport is +52552.
Margrethe Munthe's brother is Hartvig Andreas Munthe.
Sheldon Brookbank played for the New Jersey Devils.
Rusty Schwimmer is a cast member of Arrow of Time (Numbers).
Wokkpash Lake is elevated 1167 metres above sea level.
Pipra Bhagwanpur is located in the UTC +05:45 time zone.
Parina, Kentucky is elevated 883 feet above sea level.
The University of Sousse is categorised as an educational institution and is the University of Sousse alumni.
Ivan Rocha is a member of Deportivo Alavés.
The Detective ( 1968 film ) is 123 minutes long.
Uschi Disl competed in the Women's relay at the Biathlon at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Japanese units of measurement.
Hardwick Hall Country Park is in the United Kingdom.
Hunter Gilstrap is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC team.
Ishikawa Prefecture owns the Toyama Prefectural Road and the Ishikawa Prefectural Road Route 74.
Thanasis Kolitsidakis is a member of Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Roy Kay is a member of York City F.C.
The Free Watermen and Lightermen's Almshouses were commissioned by the Company of Watermen and Lightermen.
Muralha is a member of Luverdense Esporte Clube.
Tiago Alves, born 1984, plays for Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
Andreas Granqvist played for Helsingborgs IF.
Stefan Pichler is the chief executive officer of Thomas Cook AG.
Vesta, Indiana is elevated 682 feet above sea level.
Svend Pri participated in the 1974 Denmark Open Badminton Championships – Men's singles.
Philipp von Stosch is a relative of Eberhard Heinrich Daniel Stosch.
Peter Schoomaker is the Director of the Joint Special Operations Command.
Amâncio Fortes is a member of Atlético Onubense.
Cayuga Lake has a tributary called Bloomer Creek.
Markku Markkula was a candidate in the municipal elections in Espoo, Finland in 2017.
Omega Sagittarii has an apparent magnitude of +4.70.
Joe Morgan (manager) is a member of the Cleveland Indians.
Luis de los Santos is a member of the Rochester Red Wings team.
Faisal Khalil is a member of Al-Shaab CSC.
Lüliang contains Jiaokou County.
Márcio Rosário is a member of Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube.
Marat Safin won the 2007 Kremlin Cup -- Men's Doubles.
The Pamir Mountains are elevated 7649 metres above sea level.
Brian Lockwood is a member of the Castleford Tigers.
Rohan Bopanna is right-handed.
Patricia Norris was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Steinbach am Ziehberg is elevated +547 metres above sea level.
Mount Khajeh is an Iranian National Heritage site.
Claudio Costa (artist) was a participant in Documenta 6.
The Calvados department includes the Arrondissement of Vire.
Tom Wilkinson was nominated for the BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
The patronage of Mercedita Airport is +15926.
Napat Tapketkaew is a member of TOT S.C.
Remy Reynierse is a member of VVV-Venlo.
Vladislav Mukhamedov is a member of FC Smolevichi.
Diyadin is elevated 1925 metres above sea level.
Charles T. Main won the ASME Medal.
Fabrizia Castagnoli is a cast member of Vai avanti tu che mi vien da ridere.
Steffi Jones played for 1. FFC Frankfurt.
The patronage of Akure Airport is +5462.
Maksim Stanislavovich Lepskiy is a member of FC Dynamo Vologda.
Steve Perrin (footballer) played for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
The Doberan Abbey is made of brick.
Gurtej Singh is a member of JCT F.C.
Abdelaziz Barrada plays for Getafe CF.
Puchenii Mari is part of Prahova County.
Francisco de Borja Queipo de Llano, 8th Count of Toreno's place of burial is Saint Isidore Cemetery.
The Kyoto Imperial Palace is maintained by the Kyoto Office of Imperial Household Agency.
Engelbert Humperdinck (composer) is described by Obalky knih.cz.
Fortine, Montana is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Juan Carlos Xama speaks the Basque language.
The Secretariat of Communications and Transportation (Mexico) is the owner of the Mexican Federal Highway 30.
Dumbarton Academy is a category for alumni of educational institutions and includes the following people: people who were educated at Dumbarton Academy.
Biranna Diop is a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team.
Lorenzo Pasqualini is a member of Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Kim Kwe-ryong participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Harry Hadley plays for Halesowen Town F.C.
Lucas Bovaglio is a member of Club Atletico Los Andes.
Larry Floyd weighs +180 pounds.
Faysville, Texas is elevated 26 metres above sea level.
Stéphane Adam is a member of US Créteil.
The area of Blanchard, Oklahoma is +77.096536 square kilometre.
Blumenau railway station is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
Wilder Guisao is a member of Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Lakeview, Arizona is elevated 2185 metres above sea level.
Julien Peyrelongue is a member of US Dax.
Rodolfo Vicente is a member of Club Atlético Atlanta.
Rinat Abdulin is a member of FC Ordabasy.
Gary Twynham is a member of Hednesford Town F.C.
Sebastian Telfair is a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Robert Acquafresca is a member of Torino F.C.
Tammetaguse is located in Alutaguse Rural Municipality.
Craig Pearce won the AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The 2016 Suzhou Ladies Open took place in Suzhou, Anhui.
A Flag Full of Stars is about James T. Kirk.
Peter Woodring played for Hamburger SV.
Mohler, Washington is elevated 1995 feet above sea level.
Wister, Oklahoma is elevated 148 metres above sea level.
Tom McQueen is a member of Accrington Stanley F.C.
The mean anomaly of 2927 Alamosa is +162.56265 degree.
The Mayor of Riencourt is the head of government in Riencourt.
Roberto Brunamonti competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Cameron Bright is a cast member of An American Affair.
Ahmed Kasoum is a member of Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Jonas Vandermarliere plays for K.F.C. Vigor Wuitens Hamme.
Craig Leipold is married to Helen Johnson-Leipold.
Samir Hadjaoui is a member of CR Belouizdad.
Esteban Fuertes is a member of Derby County F.C.
An ice cream cone is located in Fiji.
Oleg Dineyev is a member of FC Spartak Moscow.
Don McFadyen has a mass of +163 pounds.
Tal Ayela is a member of Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Armando de Vicente was a cast member of Yesterday Was Spring.
The patronage of Francisco B. Reyes Airport is +28867.
Selita Ebanks is represented by Women Management.
Badmus Babatunde is a member of ONGC F.C.
Alexander Shevchenko (ice hockey) played for Kristall Elektrostal.
Montacute is located in South Australia.
The population of Solikamsk is 41333.
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology is the main topic of the category Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology.
The population of Portugal is 9,964,675.
The patronage of Swami Vivekananda Airport is +69142.
Lucas Rastello is a member of Olympique de Marseille.
Stanislav Manolev played for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
The patronage of Janakpur Airport is +64703.
Torreya State Park is a National Natural Landmark.
Leon Knight is a member of Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Artur Jakubiec has an Elo rating of +2542.
Carlos Roa is a member of the Argentina national under 23 football team.
Westbrook, Connecticut is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Olga Dovgun participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Andre Boucaud is a member of Peterborough United F.C.
William Brownrigg is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Claude Clerselier was a student of Jacques Rohault.
Artyom Rebrov played for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Stowe's Hill is elevated 381 metres above sea level.
Louisine Havemeyer was the owner of A Woman Seated beside a Vase of Flowers.
Thomas Stangassinger has a mass of +82 kilograms.
Dr. Schultz is a character in Louis Riel ( opera ).
Center Township, Wayne County, Indiana is elevated 308 metres above sea level.
The scheduled service destination of Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport is Chennai International Airport.
Tissemsilt Province includes the Bordj Bou Naâma District.
The Bahr el Ghazal River has a watershed area of +520000 square kilometres.
Leonid Smetannikov performs "Vdol po Piterskoy".
Harry Cranfield plays for Colchester United F.C.
Bambuka is a language used in the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Rory Fallon plays for Crawley Town F.C.
Caitlin Lowe participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Paz is a member of CE Sabadell FC.
The patronage of Storuman Airport is +1012.
Gornyak in Altai Krai is elevated 270 metres above sea level.
Bobó Djalo played for the Portugal national under 21 football team.
Shiodamachi Station is adjacent to Nakano Station (Nagano).
Norman Abramson won the ASME Medal.
Ben Duckett is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes team.
Kazue Ikura is a cast member of Sakura Wars : The Movie.
John Fielding, born 1939, plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Andreas Rauscher is a member of Kapfenberger SV.
Simone Colombi is a member of Atalanta B.C.
Le Saturday Night Live is from France.
Waikato Stadium was opened in 2002.
Mark Redshaw plays for U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Stanislav Khan is a member of FC Zenit Penza.
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry is the main category of Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry.
Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase has an ortholog called LPD1.
Redland City is elevated 37 metres above sea level.
George Forrester Davidson graduated from Harvard University.
The Audi A7 is 1420 millimetres high.
Vitaliy Fedotov is a member of FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
The BR Standard Class 5 73082 Camelot has 2 cylinders.
The A54 road is located in Derbyshire.
Bob Stetler is a member of the Washington Diplomats.
The first flight of the Avia B-534 was on 25 May 1933.
Stacey Sher is an executive producer on Into the Badlands.
Prairie Township, Randolph County, Missouri is located in the Central time zone.
Maimatsubara Station is located in the Japan Standard Time.
Sean Berry played for the Montreal Expos.
Rodney Peete played for the Dallas Cowboys.
Jeannot Bouyain is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team.
Leipzig Wilhelm-Leuschner-Platz railway station is located next to Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof.
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for the New York Red Bulls.
Migen Memelli is a member of KF Laçi.
Gniezno is twinned with Falkenberg Municipality.
The herald moth's host is Populus.
Angol Los Confines Airport is elevated 81 metres above sea level.
The Berlin Springpfuhl station is located in Marzahn.
Anna Bornhoff is a member of the TSV Crailsheim team.
Sofia Gubaidulina won the Polar Music Prize.
Maurya ( film ) originates from India.
The total fertility rate in Liberia is 5.635.
Tim Coco worked for Scripps League Newspapers.
Frank O'Neill (footballer) played for Waterford F.C.
Hryhoriy Surkis was awarded the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd class.
Dan Amboyer is a cast member of Younger (TV series).
The population of Granadilla de Abona is 42,545.
Werner Lorant is a member of SV Heidingsfeld.
Public transport in New Plymouth is a bus company.
Razif Sidek participated in the 1992 Asian Badminton Championships – Men's doubles.
The main category of Provincial Highway 29 (Taiwan) is Highway 29.
Axel Schneider is the chairperson of the Altonaer Theater.
Igualada is elevated 313 metres above sea level.
José Angulo was a member of the Fort Lauderdale Strikers from 2006 to 2016.
Craig Sutherland is a member of Cowdenbeath F.C.
Cow Country is 82 minutes long.
Canada has a total fertility rate of +1.53.
Argentina has an unemployment rate of +16.6 percent.
Wiz Khalifa was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist.
Jorge Sampaio was awarded the Order of the Lion of Finland.
Patrick van Aanholt played for Coventry City F.C.
Andrea Masiello is a member of U.S. Avellino 1912.
Attila Kuttor plays for MTK Budapest FC.
The West Branch Delaware River has a tributary called Peaks Brook.
Barak Levi plays for the Israel national under 21 football team.
S Cassiopeiae has a parallax of +0.8585 milliarcsecond.
Simón Andreu was a cast member of Nero (2004).
Rezo Dzhikiya is a member of FC Rustavi.
Harry Curran is a member of Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
The list of monuments in Heumen are Gemeentelijke monumenten in Heumen.
The Mayor of Glénay is the head of government in Glénay.
Smedjebacken Municipality is bordered by Skinnskatteberg Municipality.
Davor Landeka played for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national under 21 football team.
The population of Chippubetsu, Hokkaido is 2421.
Gaetano Vasari is a member of S.S.D. Palermo.
Lutz Pfannenstiel is a member of SV Wacker Burghausen.
Alexei Fedorov has an Elo rating of +2540.
Isaac Grünewald's student was Stig Alyhr.
Erindale in South Australia has a population of +581 men.
The 2019 Tour of Belgium had 124 participants.
The patronage of Salgado Filho International Airport is +7691181.
The Mayor of Bergnicourt is the head of government in Bergnicourt.
Muriel Bowen was employed by The Sunday Times.
Santa Cruz, Texas is elevated 49 metres above sea level.
Franz Heinrich Schwechten is buried in Berlin.
Floe, West Virginia is elevated 318 metres above sea level.
Andreas Sotiriou is a member of the Cyprus national football team.
Hoidas Lake is elevated 474 metres above sea level.
The Fabulous Baker Boys was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The South Australia Police is located in Marree, South Australia.
Discovery, Inc. owns the TLC (Asian TV channel).
The Sky Tower in Abu Dhabi has 27 elevators.
King Cobra ( 2016 film ) is a 92 minute movie.
Expo This Week has 25 episodes.
The maximum capacity of Wilderspool Stadium is 9000.
Ronald Rauhe participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Shingo Suetsugu participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Antal Nagy (born 1944), the footballer, played for Wuppertaler SV.
Marco Vélez was a member of the Seattle Sounders from 1994 to 2008.
Henry Frederic Turle is buried in West Norwood Cemetery.
Yu Rui (footballer) plays for Tianjin Tianhai F.C.
Kittisak Rawangpa plays for Jumpasri United F.C.
Christer Youssef is a member of Aris Limassol FC.
The Kazakhstan national football team has a ranking of +133.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Eltinho is a member of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
The population of Jaqui District is +1532.
The ATPase ASNA1 has an ortholog called asna-1.
Maurice Peddelty is a member of Darlington F.C.
The population of San Clemente Island is 300.
Ceduna, South Australia has a female population of 946.
Rodolfo Acosta was a cast member of The Lovers (1951).
Alberto Manga is a member of FC Barcelona C.
The patronage of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is +4864335.
Hazel Hogarth participated in the 1905 All England Badminton Championships – Mixed doubles.
Matthew Berkeley plays for Droylsden F.C.
Adi Nimni is a member of Hapoel Ra'anana A.F.C.
Sean Flynn (footballer) played for Evesham United F.C.
Daniel Carr plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Elmwood, Texas is elevated 620 feet above sea level.
Keith Quinn (footballer) played for Waterford F.C.
Elliott Frear is a member of Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Stanislav Strebko was awarded the Hero of Ukraine.
The Colonel ( 2006 film ) is a 104 minute movie.
The copyright representative of Lucian Freud is the Bridgeman Art Library.
Vitali Seletskiy is a member of FC Chita.
Antaeus Limassol play their home matches at the GSO Stadium.
The River Severn has a watershed area of 11420 square kilometres.
The population of Tranqueville-Graux is 101.
Hanns Zischler is a cast member of Angels of Iron.
The distribution format of Undead Knights is Universal Media Disc.
François Remetter is a member of RC Strasbourg Alsace.
Marion Isbert is a member of the Germany women's national football team.
Pietro Miglio is a member of A.C. Meda 1913.
Casto Plasencia's student was Luis Bertodano.
Untergrombach station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fighting Island is elevated 174 metres above sea level.
Jingle Ma won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Cinematography.
The parallax of HD 240237 is +0.67 milliarcsecond.
The 1994 French Open is the main topic of the category 1994 French Open.
Patrick Agyemang is a member of Stevenage F.C.
The category for people born in Windhoek is Category:Births in Windhoek.
Robert Duncan McNeill is a cast member of The Chute.
Giovanni Domenico Mansi's consecrator was Henry Benedict Stuart.
Ollie Griffiths is a member of the Dragons (rugby union) team.
Evgeny Gleizerov has an Elo rating of +2545.
Jimmy Glass plays for Burnley F.C.
The Sasanian Empire was followed by the Dabuyid dynasty.
Denis Shchetkin is a member of FC Kyzylzhar.
Eva Craig Graves Doughty is described in A Woman of the Century.
Vadims Gospodars is a member of the Latvia national under-17 football team.
Anthony Flood plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Rashad Sadygov (footballer, born 1983) plays for the Azerbaijan national football team.
Emanuele Berrettoni is a member of Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Jeremy Christie played for the New Zealand Knights FC team.
Annalisa Minetti participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Ohio State Route 160 is +38.82 miles long.
Heroes is a American TV series with the character Daniel Linderman.
Aarons, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Ender Günlü plays for Étoile Carouge FC.
The Taebaek Mountains are +500 kilometres long.
Belarusian Railway is the owner of Pralyetarskaya Pabyeda.
Veronika Exler has an Elo rating of +1950.
Reina de corazones (American TV series) has 140 episodes.
Ahmet Dursun is a member of the Turkey national football team.
Anton Arkhipov, born in 1985, plays for FSC Dolgoprudny.
Troy Crowder plays for the Los Angeles Kings.
Elmer Bernstein was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Kirill Kochkayev is a member of FC Atyrau.
Frode Holstad Hansen is a member of the Fredrikstad FK team.
Kevin James (English footballer) played for Yeovil Town F.C.
Ervin Skela played for 1. FC Union Berlin.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
The patronage of Windsor International Airport is +241684.
Bolivar Municipal Airport is elevated 333 metres above sea level.
Ruth E. Carter was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
The rector of Ukrainian Catholic University is Bogdan Prach.
Luigi Facta was the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy.
Foxleigh, Florida is elevated 20 feet above sea level.
The Mayor of Bracieux is the head of government in Bracieux.
Max Handelman graduated from Catlin Gabel School.
Rubén Piaggio is a member of Tigres UANL.
Stock Island, Florida is elevated 1 metre above sea level.
The population of Bangladesh is 102,133,217.
Scott Wootton is a member of Rotherham United F.C.
The Flaming Hour is in the public domain.
Nicky Maynard played for West Ham United F.C.
Tamás Somorjai is a member of Vasas SC.
The director of Hamburger Bahnhof is Eugen Blume.
Middle Haddam Historic District is elevated 33 metres above sea level.
Andreas Matthä is the director/manager of Austrian Federal Railways.
Walt Martin was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Castelfranco in Miscano is bordered by Roseto Valfortore.
Zhuangqiao station is adjacent to Yunlin station (Wuxi Metro).
Ghasipura is elevated 52 metres above sea level.
Yevgeni Glukhov (born 1976), a footballer, played for FC Tyumen.
Constantinos Coconis is the illustrator of Summer of the Swans.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto is a member of FC Seoul.
Reuben Gabriel plays for Waasland-Beveren.
K. Schippers was awarded the P.C. Hooft Award.
The Caledonian Canal Act 1840 is a legislation.
Mike Tredgett participated in the 1983 Welsh International Badminton Championships – Men's doubles.
Anne Byrne (actress) has 2 children.
Dimitar Vezalov is a member of PFC Bansko.
Armando Silvestre is a cast member of Lola Casanova.
Jamie Staff competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The life expectancy in Cyprus is 79.071 years.
Serge Branco is a member of Levadiakos F.C.
The Stewart R. Mott Foundation is on the focus list of WikiProject Human Rights.
Seaside, Oregon is part of Clatsop County, Oregon.
Joonas Tamm is a member of Trelleborgs FF.
FC Lorient were the participating team in the 2019-20 Ligue 2.
Jason Banton plays for Notts County F.C.
The patronage of East London Airport is +49820.
The director of photography for Keep the Aspidistra Flying (film) was Giles Nuttgens.
Moody Tank Conservation Park is elevated 132 metres above sea level.
The Mbanderu people are from Southern Africa.
Cristian Cigan is a member of CS Gaz Metan Mediaș.
The population of Shizong County is 392361.
Denis Kokarev has a mass of +174 pounds.
Daan de Lange participated in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The Thai Song language is indigenous to Nakhon Sawan Province.
Hamed Namouchi is a member of SC Freiburg.
House Husbands has 46 episodes.
El Hadji Diouf (born 1988) played for Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
Baby Mama ( film ) is a 95 minute movie.
Polhamus Landing, Arizona is elevated 539 feet above sea level.
Naoki Imaya is a member of Marconi Stallions FC.
The Kaimanawa Range is +50 kilometres long.
30th Street Station is connected to the Chestnut Hill West Line.
Robin Tunney won the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.
Tibor Végh played for FC Veszprém.
Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales is available on GOG.com.
Vadim Shefner was awarded the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Jörgen Pettersson (footballer) played for Malmö FF.
Paul Dougherty is a member of the New York Red Bulls.
Otto Lyng was a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway.
Casey Thomas plays for Port Talbot Town F.C.
The inflation rate in Guatemala is +27.9 percent.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The Final Cut ( song ) was written by Roger Waters.
Cameron Delport is a member of Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Carlos Alberto Riccelli is married to Bruna Lombardi.
Chensagi Lake is elevated 261 metres above sea level.
Bluebell in Fairyland is about Peter.
Mihail Petrov is a member of FC Dobrudzha Dobrich.
Charlie Henry, born in 1962, is a footballer who played for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Laverton Airport is elevated 466 metres above sea level.
Kelly Bowen is 72 inches high.
Andrea Pazzagli played for Calcio Catania.
Fayzabad District is part of Jowzjan Province.
Moore, Idaho is elevated 1668 metres above sea level.
Ivan Hetsko is a member of FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.
Ludovic Clemente is a member of FC Andorra.
The Chicago Transit Authority owns the 35th / Archer station.
The Altes Stadthaus, Berlin is the main topic of the category Altes Stadthaus (Berlin).
Nigatake Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Daniel Russo is a cast member of Mado (film).
The executive producer of Earth ( 2007 film ) is André Sikojev.
Rinat Jumabayev has an Elo rating of +2611.
The novel Nightmare Alley is written in English.
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station.
Clarkfield, Minnesota is elevated 332 metres above sea level.
The 2014 U.S. Open Grand Prix Gold is on the focus list of WikiProject Badminton/tournament focus list.
Oleh Mishchenko played for FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Ashley Westwood, born in 1976, plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Live at Montreux 2003 ( Jethro Tull album ) has a duration of 4303 seconds.
Paint Township, Holmes County, Ohio is elevated 394 metres above sea level.
Nenad Pralija is a member of HNK Hajduk Split.
John Casken works at the University of Manchester.
Emi Wada was the costume designer for the film Hero.
Patrick Ochs is a member of TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Jimmy Miller was the producer of Parachute Woman.
Fred Fisher, born January 1910, played for Swindon Town F.C.
Igor Kovalenko has an Elo rating of +2639.
Eddy Vega is a member of Deportivo Zacapa.
The Albany and Schenectady Railroad is in the United States.
Grahamvale, Victoria is located in the City of Greater Shepparton.
Hernán Grana is a member of Club Atletico Los Andes.
Houston, Kansas is elevated 2274 feet above sea level.
Carlos Llamosa is +180 centimetre high.
Sean Connery won the MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo.
Bill Henderson (born 1878), a footballer, played for Southampton F.C.
167th Street station (IND Concourse Line) is connected to the B (New York City Subway service).
Simon Wingfield Digby was a Member of the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Markus Grössinger is a member of SV Grödig.
Tito Santana was a cast member of WrestleMania IV.
Alexandre N'Gadi is a member of Toulouse FC.
The municipality of Sant Llorenç des Cardassar is bordered by Petra, Spain.
Italy won the 2009 Archery World Cup.
Paul Rémy was a participant in the Davis Cup.
Walter Guglielmone is a member of the Uruguay national football team.
Pablo Sarabia is a member of Sevilla FC.
Steve Jocz plays the drum kit.
The Bordj Bou Arréridj Province includes the Bir Kasd Ali District.
Deepak Mondal is a member of Mahindra United F.C.
Chua Boon Huat participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
The parallax of HR 7703 is +166.25 milliarcsecond.
Michele Tarallo is a member of U.S.O. Calcio.
Moctezuma Serrato is a member of Club Atlético Zacatepec.
Olga Konon was a participant at the 2018 BWF World Championships - Mixed doubles.
Randy Livingston is a member of Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball)
The Iceland national football team has a ranking of +97.
Chompoo Sangpo plays for Songkhla United F.C.
The architect of the Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts is Wendy Foster.
Johann Smith is a member of Kalmar FF.
Robert Kodym is part of the band Lucie.
Jason Floros is a member of the Sydney Thunder team.
Tanimbar Islands are elevated 49 metres above sea level.
Waleed Jassem is a member of Al Ahli SC ( Doha ).
Olaf Seier played for Berliner FC Dynamo.
Sergio Bustos is a member of Talleres de Remedios de Escalada.
Peter Charanis has a Doctor of Historical Sciences degree.
The First Battle of Salvador da Bahia is part of the Dutch -- Portuguese War.
Breadalbane, New South Wales is located in the Division of Hume.
The population of Villabuena del Puente is 705.
The population of Nong Chok District is 98,407.
The Hunted ( 2003 film ) is a 91 minute movie.
The population of Mill Park, Victoria is 29710.
Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
Santiago Ventura Bertomeu's playing hand is right-handed.
Cheoljong of Joseon was replaced by Gojong of Korea.
Paul Popovich is a member of the Chicago Cubs.
Giorgio Barbolini is a member of Modena F.C. 2018.
Vallamand is elevated 516 metres above sea level.
Petar Aleksandrov is a member of FC Blue Stars Zürich.
Mathias Jack is a member of FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Sulphur Springs, Alabama is elevated 925 feet above sea level.
Dafne Schippers participated in the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera is a member of Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield.
Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira is a member of Fluminense FC.
Melbourne, Florida is elevated 4 metres above sea level.
Harika Dronavalli has an Elo rating of +2526.
Boris Tessmann provided the voice for Through the Looking Glass (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine).
Goodview, Virginia is elevated 997 feet above sea level.
Willie D. Burton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Stanislav Tecl played for the Czech Republic national under 18 football team.
The Queensland Railways 2100 class is powered by the EMD 645.
Stepping Out (British TV series) has 5 episodes.
Jeon Kyung-jun is a member of Home United FC.
Dollah Salleh is a member of Negeri Sembilan FA.
Amelia Alicia Anscelly participated in the 2011 Vietnam International Badminton Championships – Mixed doubles.
Alex Afonso is a member of G.D. Estoril Praia.
Michel Acosta is a member of Atenas de San Carlos.
Aegina is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Hervé Renard is the coach of Lille OSC.
Dimitar Pechikamakov is a member of FC Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa.
Timur Bogatyryov is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Avnei Hefetz is elevated 200 metres above sea level.
Kryoneri in Olympia is elevated 486 metres above sea level.
Leo and Diane Dillon are the illustrators of Ashanti to Zulu.
Txomin Nagore is a member of RC Celta de Vigo.
Wanderson Cristaldo Farias is a member of Clube Esportivo Nova Esperança.
Jim Leonhard is a member of the Baltimore Ravens.
Heidelberg Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania is elevated 797 feet above sea level.
Shadowboxing ( 2005 film ) is a 132 minute movie.
Teri Garr's father is Eddie Garr.
Maksym Trusevych is a member of FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Noe-Uchindai Station is adjacent to Sekime-Takadono Station.
Tavares Seaplane Base is elevated 63 feet above sea level.
Yevhen Kovalenko is a member of FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
The 2018 WNBA season was a sports season of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Nathan Ashton plays for the England national under 17 football team.
Levan Kebadze is a member of FC Torpedo Kutaisi.
Richard Steven Horvitz is the voice actor for Invader Zim.
Lewis Toshney plays for the Scotland national under 19 football team.
Donald G. Saari won the Chauvenet Prize.
Wilfried Pallhuber competed at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
The population of El Port de la Selva is 791.
Simon Brown, born in 1976, plays for Hibernian F.C.
Andreas Vogler (footballer) played for Tennis Borussia Berlin.
Kali Alaudeen is a member of Mumbai F.C.
Chandrika de Silva participated in the 1995 Sri Lanka Badminton Championships – Women's doubles.
The Edward Harrison Memorial Prize is conferred by the Chemical Society.
The Mayor of Triors is the head of government in Triors.
Eric Bana won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Mirko Taccola is a member of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
The Mayor of Villechantria is the head of government in Villechantria.
Tim Sills is a member of Hereford United F.C.
Wollaston Foreland is located in the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Ted Critchley plays for Port Vale F.C.
Ilha das Flores is elevated 3 metres above sea level.
Kremlin, Oklahoma is elevated 341 metres above sea level.
Cheri Oteri is a cast member of Grown Ups 2.
Avenue de Wagram is bordered by rue Alphonse-de-Neuville.
The population of Villers-sur-Mer is 2721.
Nélson Fernandes is a member of S.L. Benfica.
Mikita Bukatkin plays for FC Minsk.
Ganiu Ogungbe is a member of AC Omonia.
Aksel Gresvig is the chairperson of the Norwegian Skating Association.
Ana Romero is a member of Real Betis Féminas.
Benjamin Raich competed in the men's slalom at the Alpine skiing event of the 2006 Winter Olympics.
The director of photography for The Man with the Twisted Lip (film) was Germain Burger.
William H. Hudnut III is the head of government in Indianapolis.
Hikaru Sulu is in The Voyage Home.
The population of L'Anse-au-Loup is 558.
Juan Ferreri is a member of Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo).
Darjeeling Himalayan Railway has a two-foot gauge.
Mathieu Robail is a member of Dijon FCO.
Kepler-444 has an apparent magnitude of +10.01.
Vampirates : Tide of Terror is published by Simon & Schuster.
Steinfeld railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
El Rebollar is part of the Merindad de Sotoscueva.
The population of Delaware County, New York is 47,621.
Bryan Mélisse is a member of F91 Dudelange.
Dan Fritsche plays for the New York Rangers.
Brittany Murphy was a cast member of Cherry Falls.
István Ferenczi is a member of VfL Osnabrück.
Andy Sandell is a member of Forest Green Rovers F.C.
San Buenaventura Municipality, La Paz is elevated 300 metres above sea level.
Pablo Vitti is a member of Toronto FC.
Jean-Christian Lang is a member of the France Olympic football team.
Jimmy Mann (footballer) plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Lord Jasper Tring is a character in Me and My Girl.
Mobin Mirdoraghi is a member of Sanaye Giti Pasand F.C.
Jack Riley (actor) provided the voice for Rugrats in Paris : The Movie.
The University of South Australia is located in Whyalla Norrie, South Australia.
Isques is located near Saint-Léonard in the Pas-de-Calais.
Andrius Gedgaudas is a member of Keşla FK.
James Bridges is a partner of Jack Larson.
Christophe Lemaitre won the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Marcelo Guerrero is a member of Club Sportivo Cerrito.
The population of Chiang Rai Province is 1,129,701.
Hondlon District is located in the UTC+08:00 time zone.
Makkaur Lighthouse has a range of +17.6 nautical miles.
Cesar Rivera is a member of Orange County SC.
Georges Schneider was the flag bearer for Switzerland at the 1956 Winter Olympics.
The tributary of the Godesberger Bach is Keltersbaumbach.
The patronage of Clark International Airport is +877757.
Hellen Obiri participated in Athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Norbert Hofmann, born in 1972, plays for FSV Oggersheim.
The population of Oberweser is +3278.
Thomas Supis has a mass of +187 pounds.
The New Haven EP-2 is manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
Nordheim, Baden-Württemberg is elevated 188 metres above sea level.
The Royal Opera was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production.
Manu Hervás is a member of Valdres FK.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2113.
Jota (footballer, born 1999) has a mass of +60 kilograms.
Takayuki Yoshida is a member of the Yokohama Flügels team.
Zakraj, Bloke is elevated 774.9 metres above sea level.
Fabien Boudarène is a member of Dijon FCO.
The cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vila Real is the Cathedral of Vila Real.
Beiye Township is elevated 338 metres above sea level.
Mercy Lewis is a character in The Crucible.
The patronage of Cairns Airport is +2690311.
Lili Hinstin is the director/manager of the Locarno Festival.
Kutlovac, Mitrovica is located in the Central European Time zone.
Louise Chevalier was a cast member of Une ravissante idiote.
Goshen, California is elevated 87 metres above sea level.
Ruslan Malinovskyi plays for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
Joe Oliver (baseball) is a member of the Cincinnati Reds.
The population of Ceiba, Puerto Rico is 12,218.
Russell Maughan graduated from Utah State University.
Oier Olazábal is a member of Real Sociedad.
The population of Torrelles de Foix is 1103.
Moshe Glam is a member of Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Roberto Mogrovejo is a member of Defensa y Justicia.
Ismail Morina is a member of 1. FC Bad Kötzting.
Antonio Ananiev is a member of PFC Slavia Sofia.
Renato Anselmi competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Rodrigue Dikaba is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
Japan National Route 422 is partially coincident with Shiga Prefectural Road and Kyoto Prefectural Road Route 3.
Manfred Pohlschmidt played for FC Schalke 04.
Alessandro Pellicori played for U.S. Lecce.
Piz Toissa has a topographic prominence of +310 metre.
Eric Bokanga plays for S.L. Benfica ( Luanda ).
Arkansas Timberlands is in the United States.
Haltom City, Texas is elevated 163 metres above sea level.
The patronage of Tezpur Airport is +711.
Klavdiya Shulzhenko was awarded the Medal « For the Defence of Leningrad ».
Kristen Skjeldal participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2003.
Esteiro Lighthouse has a range of +21 nautical mile.
A food steamer is located in Tunisia.
Johnny Dusbaba is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Doug Sisk played for the Baltimore Orioles.
Naoto Takenaka provided the voice for Sword of the Stranger.
Brindisi railway station is adjacent to Brindisi Perrino railway halt.
The patronage of Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is +136783.
The Naples -- Aversa railway is 10.5 kilometres long.
Cheng Wen-hsing participated in the 2001 IBF World Championships -- Women's Doubles.
Renze Fij is a member of SC Veendam.
The patronage of Colorado Springs Airport is +2481098.
Gerrie Mühren is a member of AFC Ajax.
Mahovci is elevated 223 metres above sea level.
Kim Barnett is a member of the Impalas (cricket team).
Jonathan Howard (footballer) plays for Burton Albion F.C.
The Sadang River is +180 kilometres long.
San Salvador is elevated 658 metres above sea level.
Saralee Thungthongkam participated in the Women's doubles badminton event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Johansen is a member of the Norway national football team.
Jingdezhen Luojia Airport is elevated 34 metres above sea level.
Nortons, Oregon is elevated 187 feet above sea level.
Iliyan Kiryakov is a member of OFC Akademik Svishtov.
Zaza Janashia is a member of the Georgia national football team.
The patronage of King Island Airport is +34975.
Craig Stanley (footballer) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Taylor Peay is a member of the Ogden Outlaws.
Ulrich Vinzents played for the Denmark national under 21 football team.
Johnny Downie is a member of Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
John Alt is 80 inches tall.
Bell, Wisconsin is elevated 339 metres above sea level.
The KML file for Metcalfe Street in Ottawa is Template:Attached KML/Metcalfe Street.
Denys Vasin is a member of FC Belshina Bobruisk.
Luis Abramovich is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano.
Abhimanyu Mithun is a member of Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Marcel Oerlemans is a member of First Vienna FC.
Jorge Espinoza is a member of the Illinois Thunder team.
The life expectancy in Mozambique is +50.007 year.
The film Stowaway ( 2001 ) originates from Hong Kong.
The Statute of Westminster 1931 applies to Mauritius between 1968 and 1992.
Francisco Sánchez de la Fuente was a Diocesan bishop.
Berrian Mountain has a topographic prominence of +927 foot.
Malcolm Thomas, born in 1988, plays for the Austin Spurs.
Kimiko Shiratori plays for the Japan women's national football team.
Abdellatif Boutaty is a member of Stade Toulousain.
Marcel Schied is a member of TSG Neustrelitz.
The Philippines uses Villa Viciosa Agta.
Vladislav Kulik is a member of FC Rotor Volgograd.
Johannes Walther is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Robert Vidalin is a cast member of Elena and Her Men.
Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics is a university with rector Valerii Semenets.
The Simple Pleasures album by Bobby McFerrin is in English.
Maxime Faget won the ASME Medal.
Rodrigo Ruiz is a member of Tecos F.C.
The 2016 Strade Bianche event had a distance of +176 kilometre.
Shlomi Yosef Azulay is a member of Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Roberto de Assis Moreira is a member of CR Vasco da Gama.
Nachi Primeval Forest is part of Kumano Nachi Taisha.
José Manuel Babak is a member of Club 2 de Mayo.
Kathryn V. Marinello is the chief executive officer of Thrifty Car Rental.
The Raven River is +85 kilometres long.
Billy Bitzer was the director of photography for The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of.
Steve Balboni played for the Texas Rangers baseball team.
Yevgeni Pesegov is a member of FC Tolyatti.
Eckert Field Airport is elevated 426 feet above sea level.
The rector of Humboldt University of Berlin was Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin.
Rubén Capria is a member of Chacarita Juniors.
Antoine Tassy is a member of the Haiti national football team.
Deon Butler has a mass of +182 pounds.
The Sun-Shooting Tower is part of Chiayi Park.
The 2016-17 Azerbaijan Premier League had 8 participants.
Kanagawa Prefecture is the owner of the Kanagawa Prefectural Road Route 75.
Davide Biondini is a member of Cagliari Calcio.
Otis Roberts is a member of Barnet F.C.
Rocco Sabato is a member of U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Upshur County, West Virginia is bordered by Harrison County, West Virginia.
John Middleton, born 1910, played for Darlington F.C.
Rosalind Rafferty is a character in the musical Sally.
Ricky Januarie played for Lyon OU.
Sangamori Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
William Robert Colton works in Paris.
John Burgoyne is described in The New Student's Reference Work.
Ardian Kozniku is a member of GNK Dinamo Zagreb.
Littlefield, Arizona is elevated 565 metres above sea level.
Brundage, Texas is located in the Central time zone.
Nick Wright, born 1987, plays for Tamworth F.C.
Aleksandr Molodtsov played for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jorge Manuel Ulate is a member of the Costa Rica national under-20 football team.
Protoconchoididae belongs to the Monoplacophora.
Jon Conway played for Chivas USA.
Star Trek: The Next Generation (season 6) has 26 episodes.
Sania Mirza participated in Tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gustav Siemon works in Berlin.
Torrington, Wyoming is located in the Mountain time zone.
The album Paradise Lost is in English.
The Mayor of Faulquemont is the head of government in Faulquemont.
Jim Allenby is a member of Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Julia Dent Cantacuzène Spiransky-Grant was the spouse of Prince Mikhail Cantacuzène.
The population of Ide, Kyoto is 7910.
Paul Sabatier University is categorised as an educational institution and is the University of Paul Sabatier alumni category.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 had 42 participants.
Amin Younes is a member of S.S.C. Napoli.
Ethan Jolley is a member of Lynx F.C.
Kjetil Osvold plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Histon railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Mueang Ranong District contains Ngao.
Tobias Duffner is a member of the Kickers Emden team.
Bradley Bubb is a member of the Grenada national football team.
Alan Lascelles was awarded the Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath.
The 2008 BNP Paribas Masters is the main topic of the Category:2008 BNP Paribas Masters.
Joeri Schroyen is a member of VVV-Venlo.
Niklas Westberg is a member of AFC Eskilstuna.
Daniel Quaye plays for Chongqing Dangdai Lifan F.C.
Aleksandr Valentinovich Zhidkov is a member of FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
R.A. Dickey is a member of the Tacoma Rainiers.
The patronage of Linköping / Saab Airport is +4696.
Alim Karkayev is a member of FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Lee Beevers played for Ipswich Town F.C.
Neil Harvey (footballer) plays for Hednesford Town F.C.
The population of Winnenden is 24655.
Anton Kostadinov is a member of FC Montana.
Lewis Young is a member of Yeovil Town F.C.
Oguchi Uche is a member of Enyimba International F.C.
Franck Lepage was inspired by Karl Marx.
Chiba Prefecture is the owner of Chiba Prefectural Road Route 32.
Vampeta played for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
The population of Hesperange is 12,395.
Mike Perkins is the illustrator of Ruse (comics).
Panagiotis Spyropoulos is a member of Niki Volou FC.
Andy McGuigan is a member of Port Vale F.C.
Ismo Lius is a member of Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead has 2 children.
Frank McEwen was educated at Mill Hill School.
Arne Feick played for the Germany national under 20 football team.
Marcus Richardson plays for Harrow Borough F.C.
The patronage of Salamanca Airport is +22718.
John Paterson (footballer) plays for Leicester City F.C.
Giuseppe Alessi (footballer) played for S.S.C. Napoli.
Eta Microscopii has an apparent magnitude of +2.596.
Sydney Trains operates the Bankstown Line.
Lev Aptekar has an Elo rating of +2240.
Andy Marriott played for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Osip Senkovsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Randall William Cook was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
The Starpoint Gemini uses the computer keyboard.
Viktor Mikhalchuk was awarded the Order of Merit (Україна), 3rd class.
Souleymane Youla plays for the Guinea national football team.
Harib Al-Habsi is a member of the Oman national football team.
Sergei Kosov is a member of the Columbus Crew SC team.
Ohio State Route 363 is +1.43 miles long.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of +2526.
Sergei Kovalev was awarded the Officer of the Legion of Honour.
Yevgeni Varlamov is a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Fritz Weiss was in the Theresienstadt Ghetto.
Eduardo Ribeiro dos Santos is a member of RC Lens.
Brian Deane is a member of Sheffield United F.C.
Gladstone, Queensland is elevated 21 metres above sea level.
Fabián Bordagaray is a member of Defensa y Justicia.
Chris Illingworth is part of GoGo Penguin.
Marcel Gassouk was a cast member of The Joker (1960).
Deborah Richter is a cast member of Winners Take All.
Carrie Preston is a cast member of The Good Wife.
Steve Buscemi was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male.
Dmitry Ignatenko (born 1969), a footballer, played for FC Luch Vladivostok.
The terminus location of the Neustrelitz -- Warnemünde railway is Neustrelitz.
Harry Penk plays for Wigan Athletic F.C.
Jon Knudsen plays for FC Midtjylland.
Roberto Cortese is a member of A.S.D.P. Ribera 1954.
Lenzburg is elevated 413 metres above sea level.
Bebe Neuwirth is a cast member of The Good Fight.
Sandip Trivedi was a doctoral student of John Preskill.
Omar Sowunmi plays for Braintree Town F.C.
Mick Mahon is a member of North Shields F.C.
German Avenue Road is located in Saxony.
The population of Sostis is 1176.
Arad County includes the commune of Dezna.
The Townline Tunnel crosses the Welland Canal.
Nathan Paulse played for Ajax Cape Town F.C.
John Vogel contributed to the Catholic Encyclopedia.
Sofie De Vuyst is a member of the Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.
Jimmy Argue plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Alex Pineda Chacón is a member of the LA Galaxy.
Mattersburg District contains the municipality of Wiesen, Austria.
Omsukchan is located in the Vladivostok Time zone.
Andy Sayer plays for Fulham F.C.
Serampore is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Catuji Human Development Index is +0.621.
Thomas Mavros is a member of Panionios F.C.
Miah Dennehy is a member of Waterford F.C.
The patronage of Kota Airport is +215.
Soh Wooi Yik participated in the 2018 BWF World Championships -- Men's doubles.
Georgi Kaloyanov is a member of PFC Burgas.
Conor Ramsay is a member of Arthurlie F.C.
Hong Kong is a signatory of the Berne Convention.
The population of Collado de la Vera is 181.
Stefan Halper graduated from Stanford University.
Miguel Herlein is a member of Club Recreativo Granada.
John Brown, born in 1947, plays for Stockport County F.C.
Martin McNeil plays for Torquay United F.C.
Hristijan Dragarski is a member of FK Radnik Surdulica.
Jonas Lindberg is a member of Varbergs BoIS.
The Misumi Line connects with Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 50.
Montenegro has a total fertility rate of +1.875.
John Morris (cricketer) is a member of the England cricket team.
Matthias Morys is a member of VfB Stuttgart II.
The population of Vallda is 913.
Mikkel Andersen plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mario Cáceres plays for FC St. Gallen.
Independencia Department, La Rioja, is part of La Rioja Province, Argentina.
The Branisko Tunnel is +4975 metres in length.
The population of Lapu-Lapu, Philippines is 217019.
Lusk, Tennessee is elevated 801 feet above sea level.
Iwate Prefecture is the owner of Iwate Prefectural Road Route 225.
The Bolshoy Salym River has a tributary called Chupa.
Antron Dillon has a mass of +270 pounds.
Aleksei Trinitatskiy is a member of FSC Dolgoprudny.
Stephan Loboué is a member of SC Paderborn 07.
Batman Returns was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Fuxian Lake is +30 kilometres long.
Pingfeng Mountain is elevated 3250 metres above sea level.
Muscat is elevated 69 metres above sea level.
Suradej Saotaisong plays for Police Tero F.C.
Cory Gibbs is a member of the New England Revolution.
Julianne Moore has won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead.
Belle Valley, Ohio is elevated 227 metres above sea level.
Saeed Al-Zahrani is a member of Al-Wehda Club ( Mecca ).
Evan Bates participated in the 2019 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships - ice dancing.
Wells Fargo Tower is part of the Wells Fargo Center ( Los Angeles ).
Cec Edey plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
The Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore is maintained by the National Park Service.
John Fishbaugher is a member of the Kitsap Pumas.
Perth railway station in Scotland is adjacent to Ladybank railway station.
Thiouthioune is elevated 23 metres above sea level.
Jack Obersteller is a member of Grays Athletic F.C.
Alfortville is twinned with San Benedetto del Tronto.
The population of Gutach im Breisgau is 3498.
The population of Poinville is 144.
Line 1 (Rio de Janeiro) is part of the Rio de Janeiro Metro.
Sanma Province uses the Tasmate language.
Gavin Strachan plays for Corby Town F.C.
Marian Ilitch founded Ilitch Holdings.
Mike Williamson (footballer) plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Japan National Route 313 is maintained by Hiroshima Prefecture.
Sandy Sánchez is a member of CF Granma.
Chris Brown, born in 1984, plays for Norwich City F.C.
Paracetamol has a mass of +151.063 dalton.
PJ Marsh plays for the New Zealand Warriors.
The James Monroe Building has 12 elevators.
Andreas Hilfiker plays for FC Aarau.
Chinna Rajulagumada has 419 households.
MacAskills Lake is elevated 192 metres above sea level.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference was founded by Saeima.
Inside Fighting China is +22 minutes long.
Livio Pin is a member of Udinese Calcio.
Domenico Bianconi was the consecrator of Aurelio Bacciarini.
La Roue Tourangelle starts in April.
The population of Diyala Governorate is 1,371,035.
The population of Walldorf is +14592.
Luke O'Neill plays for the England national under 17 football team.
Werner Schroeter was a participant in Documenta 5.
The Prayag - Bareilly Express is an express train in India.
Joel Filani is a member of the Tennessee Titans.
The Canaseraga Creek has a watershed area of 334 square miles.
Wang Wei participated in the men's doubles badminton event at the 2002 Asian Games.
R Coronae Australis is an infrared source.
Adrian Viveash is a member of the Swindon Town F.C. team.
The patronage of Strasbourg Airport is +964000.
Misbun Sidek was a participant at the 1980 IBF World Championships - Men's Doubles.
Sergi Darder is a member of the Spain national under 21 football team.
Clifford Heap plays for Burnley F.C.
David Chipperfield was awarded the European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards.
Dave Beasant played for the England national football team.
Francisco Zuela is a member of Xanthi F.C.
Mike Ambersley is a member of the St. Louis Strikers.
Randy Kuhl was a member of the New York State Assembly.
Toshiharu Sakurai is the voice actor for Kaiji (manga).
Frank Richardson, born in 1897, played for West Ham United F.C.
Royersford, Pennsylvania is elevated 239 feet above sea level.
The population of Fiji is 754923.
Ariel Damian Grana is a member of CD Toledo.
Fritz Lindemann was awarded the Order of the Crown (Romania).
The Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm's installed capacity is +402 megawatts.
Paul Adelstein is a cast member of Medium (TV series).
Chris Rogers (cricketer) played for the Australia national cricket team.
Sonny Pike is a member of Barnet F.C.
David Bruno plays for FC Porto B.
Bruno Koagne Tokam plays for Odivelas F.C.
The Software and Information Industry Association was founded in 1984.
Dean Chandler plays for Woking F.C.
Thomas Birtles is a member of Barnsley F.C.
Kaliningrad Oblast includes the Nemansky District.
The Lithuania national football team has a ranking of +98.
Itoigawa Station is adjacent to Himekawa Station (Niigata).
Gershon Koffie is a member of International Allies F.C.
The municipality of Kadov in the Znojmo District is bordered by the municipality of Petrovice, also in the Znojmo District.
Fort Sill has been designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The 2011 season was the season of Kelantan FA.
Oliver Grainger is the voice actor for Arthur (TV series).
Mikhail Alfimov is a member of FC Yelets.
Hoyershausen is elevated 142 metres above sea level.
Samir Subash Naik is a member of the India national football team.
STS-60 has a periapsis of +348 kilometres.
The Hardanger District Court applies to Granvin.
Matthias Peßolat is a member of Chemnitzer FC.
Adam Sandler is a cast member of The Wedding Singer.
Jawad Williams is a member of Hapoel Jerusalem B.C.
Jason Ward plays for the New York Rangers.
Federico Nanni is a member of the San Marino national football team.
Peter Tempesta's sister was Maria of Naples.
Jonathan Filewich has a mass of +208 pounds.
Pavel Loskutov participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kearney, Missouri is elevated 261 metres above sea level.
Lester Conner is a member of the Rapid City Thrillers.
Luck, North Carolina is elevated 780 metres above sea level.
Youngs Bottom, West Virginia is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Leo White is a cast member of Little Miss Thoroughbred.
The Elms is in Derbyshire, in the United Kingdom.
The 2nd Spetsnaz Brigade was involved in the Second Chechen War.
Union Maids was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The Remains of the Day (film) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
Ty Shipalane plays for the Richmond Kickers.
Laura Linney provided the voice for Arthur Christmas.
Steve Wilkos is a character in Jerry Springer : The Opera.
Heiwajima Station is located in the Japan Standard Time.
Ed Olwine is a member of the Norfolk Tides team.
Alessandro Petrucci was consecrated by Pope Paul V.
The presenter of Miss World 2013 was Myleene Klass.
The 2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg -- Doubles is part of the 2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg.
Gilles Sunu plays for Derby County F.C.
Winslow, Arkansas is elevated 527 metres above sea level.
Pentala Harikrishna has an Elo rating of +2741.
The 1987 film Sleeping Beauty is based on The Beauty Sleeping in the Wood.
Duffy Cobbs weighs +178 pounds.
Vanderson Stolk Francisco is a member of Central Sport Club.
Svoboda, Burgas Province is elevated 24 metres above sea level.
Oleksandr Koval played for FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Oliver Springs, Tennessee is elevated 243 metres above sea level.
Ivan Petkov is a member of FC Kaliakra Kavarna.
Rehburg Hills is elevated 138 metres above sea level.
La Chapelle-Yvon has a population of 525.
Peng Bunchay is a member of Boeung Ket Angkor FC.
The Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway owns the Vuarennes station.
Julio Marchant is a member of Boca Juniors.
Wang Mang is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Guido Balsamo Stella has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
The Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is adjacent to the Gare de Gannat.
The population of Devanakonda is 10493.
The inflation rate in Estonia is +3.9 percent.
The South Asian Federation of Accountants is an international organization.
State Route 343 (New York − Connecticut) is +18.45 miles in length.
Pavel Bugalo is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team.
Joel Sánchez (Mexican footballer) played for C.D. Guadalajara.
Kagawa Prefecture is the owner of Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 24.
Sofiane Ben Braham is a member of Amiens AC.
Faryab Province is elevated 584 metres above sea level.
Doug Beach is a member of Colchester United F.C.
Hristo Yanev is a member of PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.
The Parc Naturel Régional de la Chartreuse is located in Barraux.
The population of Vaja is +3515.
The population of Altbach is +5559.
Bridget Malcolm is represented by The Society Management.
Stockport, Iowa is elevated 229 metres above sea level.
Ludlow, Maine is part of Aroostook County, Maine.
Chandler Catanzaro is +191 centimetre high.
Leigh Jakes is a member of Kokkola Futis 10.
Xiangtan North railway station has 3 platform tracks.
The Exhibition Stadium cost +17,600,000 Canadian dollars.
Artem Simonyan is a member of the Armenia national football team.
Dimitris Karademitros is a member of Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Kita-Urawa Station has +2 platform tracks.
Shimane Prefecture is the owner of Shimane Prefectural Road Route 310.
The 26th Division of the German Empire was located in Stuttgart.
Marcello Boldrini is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Francis B. Schulte was the consecrator of Roger Morin.
Gregory III Laham was the consecrator of Youssef Absi.
The patronage of Sydney Airport is +6813214.
Dennis Schmidt (footballer) plays for TSV Meerbusch.
The Fraunhofer Institute for Photonic Microsystems is a subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Society.
Lake Gardner Seaplane Base is elevated 87 feet above sea level.
Javier Bardem was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Actor.
Hakim Warrick is a member of the Phoenix Suns.
Pennsylvania Route 445 is approximately 11.998 miles long.
John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C.
Agustín Torassa is a member of Chacarita Juniors.
The Burundi national football team has a ranking of +112.
Vercelli railway station is adjacent to San Germano Vercellese train station.
Darius is a character in Highlander : The Series.
Frans Badens works in Amsterdam.
The Rhode Island Historical Society has a total revenue of +6520752 United States dollar.
Waldeck Ornelas is the signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
Fausto Fernandes is the signatory of the Constitution of Brazil.
John Fleming (born 1890), a footballer, played for Newcastle United F.C.
The patronage of Roskilde Airport is +30252.
The Mayor of Saessolsheim is the head of government in Saessolsheim.
Anatoli Kozhemyakin weighs +78 kilograms.
The life expectancy in Eswatini is 47.805 years.
Salmon Falls, California is elevated 469 feet above sea level.
Kelve Road railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Sarah Wagenfuhr is a member of the Western New York Flash team.
Nagano Prefecture is the owner of Nagano Prefectural Road Route 183.
André Gomes is a member of FC Barcelona.
Jeff Francis is a member of the Toronto Blue Jays.
Nick Ingman graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
The 900 South station is maintained by the Utah Transit Authority.
Clayton Township, Perry County, Ohio is elevated 299 metres above sea level.
Fatboy Slim won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction.
Gunma Prefecture is the owner of Gunma Prefectural Road Route 222.
Roman Oreshchuk is a member of PFC CSKA Moscow.
Yani Urdinov played for the Belgium national under 17 football team.
Simona Quadarella participated in the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships.
Jordan Kirkpatrick is a member of Dumbarton F.C.
Jermaine Jackson (basketball) is a member of the Great Lakes Storm.
J. Smith-Cameron is a cast member of The Equalizer.
Asempa FM broadcasts at a frequency of +94.7 megahertz.
Frank Martin (mayor) is an English speaker.
Sara Bronfman's brother is Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Sven Dodlek is a member of the Slovenia national under 17 football team.
The game mode of Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. is a single player video game.
Supriyadi (footballer) is a member of Persitara Jakarta Utara.
The film Shanghai Express was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Gibralter Hill is elevated 483 metres above sea level.
Ludwigsfelde-Struveshof station has 2 platform tracks.
Freddie Woodman plays for Crawley Town F.C.
The fictional universe of Donald Duck is described in Trash or Treasure.
Pat Heard plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Wally Schang is a member of the Boston Red Sox.
Wilman Conde is a member of S.D. Aucas.
Tony Bird, born in 1974, plays for Cardiff City F.C.
North Korea has a total fertility rate of +1.991.
Freck Langsam is a +84 minute film.
Emiliano Bigica is a member of Mantova 1911 S.S.D.
Rena Inoue is a partner in business or sport with John Baldwin (figure skater).
Sorin Cârțu is a member of CS Universitatea Craiova.
Ken Wallace (canoeist) competed in Canoeing at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Common shrew's gestation period is +20 day.
Sif Ruud is a cast member of Sommar och syndare.
The effective temperature of Theta Centauri is +4755 kelvin.
Elisabeth Risdon is a cast member of The Roaring Twenties.
Jaime Navarro played for the Chicago Cubs.
Milton James was a cast member of The Stranger (1987).
The Liteyny Bridge is +396 metres in length.
Henrique Loureiro dos Santos is a member of Esporte Clube Bahia.
Ilija Petrov was a student of Nikola Marinov.
Ian Muir plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
The inflation rate in El Salvador is +9.8 percent.
The Mayor of Iba, Zambales is the head of government.
Marco Rossi (born 1987) plays for Robur Siena.
Hagens Berman Axeon 2019 were the participating team in the 2019 Tour of Utah.
The maximum capacity of Viking Stadion is 16300.
The patronage of Barra Airport is +8486.
Jamie McQuilken is a member of St Johnstone F.C.
Bates County, Missouri is bordered by Cass County, Missouri.
Colin Blakely was a cast member of Red Monarch.
Matthias Lehmann is a member of VfB Stuttgart II.
Dimitrios Verginis is a member of Panathinaikos B.C.
Vladimir Kazakov is a member of FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Shlomi Avisidris is a member of Hapoel Ironi Safed F.C.
Serge Djiehoua is a member of Stella Club d'Adjamé.
Ronen Harazi is a member of the Israel national football team.
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire is in French.
Jim Barron plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Ball's Bluff Battlefield and National Cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ramón Rivas participated in the 1990 FIBA World Championship.
Ken Loach won the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Andrea Gasbarroni played for the Italy national under 18 football team.
Fabio Lauria is a member of Parma Calcio 1913.
New Harmony, Utah is elevated 1617 metres above sea level.
Sky Office Tower is 22 floors above ground.
Ryan Baldacchino is a member of Hume City FC.
The population of Maure, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is 112.
The district of Dillingen contains the village of Villenbach.
Tony Smith (basketball) is a member of the Phoenix Eclipse team.
Ichikawa-Hommachi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Andy Kennedy, born in 1964, played for Sheffield United F.C.
Camille Patha is on the focus list of WikiProject Art + Feminism.
Banj, Croatia is located in Zadar County.
The patronage of Porto Santo Airport is +1083.
Artyom Kulishev is a member of FC Vityaz Podolsk.
Bojan Djordjic played for Aarhus Gymnastikforening.
Andrzej Kubica is a member of Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Marianne Vos won the 2010 Giro d'Italia Femminile.
Amir Hossein Yousefi is a member of Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Walter Tyndale works in Paris.
Juanjo (futsal player) plays for Santiago Futsal.
Taylor Pyatt is a member of the Buffalo Sabres.
Adam Stachowiak is a member of Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Jan Justus Enschedé's brother is Frederik Eduard Enschedé.
Randy Niemann plays for the Minnesota Twins.
The fruit type of Alnus cremastogyne is nucule.
Milano Certosa railway station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Luke McAlister plays for the Sale Sharks.
ABNT NBR 15607 is a technical standard.
Hejiang County includes Fawangsi.
Marshall Soper plays for the Australia national soccer team.
Tol Air was founded in 1981.
The apparent magnitude of NGC 5679 Group is +12.200.
André Luciano da Silva is a member of Sport Club Internacional.
Morten Christensen is a cast member of This Life (film).
Olympiakos Nicosia were the participating team in the 1954-55 Cypriot First Division.
Eaton Square is connected to Lyall Street.
Zyryansky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone.
Antun Kovacic is a member of Oakleigh Cannons FC.
Ricardinho Paraiba is a member of Valeriodoce Esporte Clube.
The population of Pontassieve is 20646.
Efosa Eguakun is a member of the Nigeria national under 23 football team.
Paulo Henrique Carneiro Filho is a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Albert Hall participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nitish Kumar was the Chief Minister of Bihar.
Winterthur Wallrüti railway station is elevated 458 metres above sea level.
Eugene Chung is 193 centimetres high.
Chiraiotsu Station is adjacent to Ishikari-Tsukigata Station.
Mariángel Ruiz is the presenter of Miss Venezuela 2012.
Vladimir Golmak is the coach of FC SKVICH Minsk.
The Small Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary describes Kymi (river).
Simone Borgheresi won the 2000 Giro del Trentino.
The County of Moira includes Boomahnoomoonah.
Gustavo Bastos is a member of ABC Futebol Clube.
Georgi Kanev participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Kamarul Effandi is a member of Perak FA.
Daniel Waenga is a member of Hawke's Bay Rugby Union.
David Chadwick Smith graduated from Harvard University.
Brian Vandenbussche is a member of Club Brugge KV (women)
Erftstadt is elevated 94 metres above sea level.
The 1992 Leeds City Council election followed the 1991 Leeds City Council election.
Rio Grande City, Texas is elevated 53 metres above sea level.
Silvio Pagano is a member of Wuppertaler SV.
Kazuhiro Suzuki is a member of JEF United Chiba.
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania is a subsidiary of Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
Drew Powell is a cast member of Twisted (TV series).
Podgora, Dobrepolje is elevated 438.9 metres above sea level.
Robert Baxter Llewelyn was the Administrator of Grenada.
NGC 6210 has a right ascension of +251.1229983222050 degree.
S Coronae Australis has an apparent magnitude of +11.76.
Berrilee, New South Wales is elevated 182 metres above sea level.
Sascha Lenhart is a member of Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
The maximum capacity of Haixia Olympic Center is 60000.
The Tuska Open Air Metal Festival is held at the VR warehouses.
Eynsham railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Parli Vaijnath railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Ramon Sinkeldam is 193 centimetres high.
The original language of The Tunnel ( 2009 film ) is Shona language.
Keilor North, Victoria has a female population of 34.
Walnut Springs, Texas is elevated 278 metres above sea level.
Ruslan Khubetsov is a member of FC Elista.
The population of Chozas de Abajo is 2449.
Bill Cobbs was a cast member of Duck.
Lilian Astier is a member of FC Mulhouse.
Patrick Galbraith (ice hockey) played for Frölunda HC.
The aspect ratio of Deadfall ( 2012 film ) is 2.35:1.
The Mulgi dialect is part of the South Estonian.
Darryl Shannon played for the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Marlon Moore weighs +190 pounds.
Sophia Kokosalaki was born in Athens, Greece in 1972. She graduated from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens. She is a fashion designer who is a woman.
The 2007-2008 Cypriot Fourth Division was a one-year period. Digenis Oroklinis was the winner and was also promoted. Enosis Kokkinotrimithia and ASPIS Pylas were participating teams in the league.
Belfast Child was adapted by Jim Kerr, written by Jim Kerr, with lyrics by Charlie Burchill and composed by traditional. It was performed by Simple Minds.
The HM Passport Office, an executive agency and organizational subdivision of the United Kingdom, is located at 2 Marsham Street. It is governed by the Identity Documents Act 2010 and was established on May 13, 2013.
The United States is the location of Block Island, which was established in 1664. The island is located in Washington County, Rhode Island, in the Atlantic Ocean. New Shoreham is a coextensive place with the island.
The film Venom was rated For ages 15 and up by Medierådet and was released on October 4, 2018 and October 5, 2018. The film stars Ellen Gerstein and Scott Haze, and was directed by Ruben Fleischer.
Dimitrij Skolil, whose real name is Dmitry, is a male human being who is a citizen of Czechoslovakia. He is a canoeist who competes in canoeing and kayaking.
The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup - Singles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was a women's singles competition and was part of the 2001 Betty Barclay Cup, which took place in the year 2001.
André Ghem is a male tennis player born in Porto Alegre, Brazil on 29 May 1982. He is a citizen of Brazil and plays the sport of Tennis.
Andre Cushing III is a member of the Maine Republican Party and the Republican Party in the United States. He is also a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council and a human being. Andre Cushing III is a member of the Maine House of Representatives and his given name is Andre.
True at First Light is a memoir and fiction writing written by Ernest Hemingway, published by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1999.
Love Is in the Air is a musical film that was released on 23 June 2011. It was directed by Simon Staho, stars Claus Gerving and Donna Marie Thyrrestrup.
Taylor Ware, a female given name, is a performer of country music. Taylor Ware is a human being.
Pierre Bousmanne, born in 1925, is a male field hockey player who is a human being and plays Field hockey.
Palisades Park, New Jersey, United States, was created on March 22, 1899. Palisades Park is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, which is bordered by Leonia, New Jersey. It is also located in New Jersey.
The 1977 Paris Open - Singles was a men's singles tennis event held in France in the year 1977.
Tune Up! is a jazz album by Don Patterson (organist). It was released in 1971 by Prestige Records and was produced by Ozzie Cadena.
Regina Ip was born in Hong Kong on 24 August 1950. She graduated from the University of Hong Kong and is a politician. Regina Ip is a woman from China.
Flavia Company was born in Buenos Aires, Spain on 27 September 1963. She is a screenwriter, journalist, and writer.
For a Friend is a pop music song by The Communards, released in 1988. It is a single from the album Red and is an instance of a song.
Spy Groove is a television series from the United States. It was created by Elliot M. Bour and was first broadcast in 2000. It was also directed by Elliot M. Bour and Saul Andrew Blinkoff.
Bayswater railway station, Melbourne, was opened on 4 December 1889. It is owned by VicTrack and serves the transport hub of Bayswater, Victoria. The station is an instance of a train station and is named after Bayswater, Victoria. It closed on 15 October 2016.
Tom Hasslan is a jazz musician, a musician, and a guitarist. He was born in Kongsberg on November 23, 1983. He is a man.
Imanol Rojo was born in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, Spain on 30 November 1990. He was the men's cross country skier who competed in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2015.
Sukavich Rangsitpol was a Thai politician born on December 5, 1935 in Bangkok. He was a man and a citizen of Thailand. He was a member of the House of Representatives of Thailand.
Roman Zobnin is a football player from Russia who was born in Irkutsk on 11 February 1994. He was part of the Russia men's national football team at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Sublime is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 1988. Their genre is a combination of Reggae rock and Ska punk. They are signed to Gasoline Alley.
Yasuhito Morishima, a Japanese football player, was born in Kobe on 18 September 1987. He is a male citizen of Japan.
Briton Ferry Athletic FC is an association football club from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1925 and play in the Welsh Football League Division Three. They dissolved in 2009.
Dumpy Goes to the Big Smoke is a 2012 short film starring Anthony Hayes and directed by Mirrah Foulkes, who also wrote the screenplay. David Michôd produced the film.
Keith Potger, born with the given name Keith, is a human being. He is a folk music performer and a voice player. He was educated at Melbourne High School and was awarded the Officer of the Order of Australia.
Chief White Eagle is a 1912 silent film directed by Romaine Fielding, starring Romaine Fielding, and produced by Siegmund Lubin.
Claudio Nieto Jiménez was born in Santiago, Chile on 24 September 1977. He is a triathlete and a ski mountaineer. Claudio Nieto Jiménez is a man from Chile.
Shane Mangroo, a male swimmer from Seychelles, was born on 12 March 1993. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of Swimming (sport).
The Judah and 19th Avenue station is located in San Francisco, United States. It is owned by the San Francisco Municipal Railway and was opened on October 21st, 1928. It is a tram stop on the line N Judah.
The Warehouse District/Hennepin Avenue station is owned by Metro Transit in Minnesota, United States. The station was opened on June 26, 2004 and is a train station. Target Field station is adjacent to this station.
Orbisongs is a rock music album by Roy Orbison. It was released in 1965 by Monument Records and was produced by Fred Foster.
Out of the Dark is a literary work, a science fiction novel and an Alien invasion story written by David Weber and published on 28 September 2010 in the United States.
Andriy Khomin, whose full name is Andriy, is a human being. He is a defender (association football) who plays for FC Borysfen Boryspil, a sports team from Ukraine.
Dusty's Trail is a television series. The series features Bob Denver. The series is a television comedy. The series was directed by Earl Bellamy and Leslie H. Martinson. It originated in the United States.
Yuliana Slashcheva was born in Moscow on 09 September 1974. She was a businessperson from the Soviet Union and Russia. Yuliana Slashcheva is a woman.
Onaje Allan Gumbs was born in New York City, United States on 03 September 1949. He is a pianist, songwriter, and jazz musician.
Patrik Abrahám was born in Czechoslovakia on 10 December 1991. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for FK Dubnica.
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor is a video game that was released in March 1992 in Japan and published by Capcom. It belongs to the genres of Action game and Platform game.
Hong Tai-kwai was born in Pingtung City, Taiwan on December 8, 1946. She was a female gymnast who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Creighton University is a private not-for-profit educational institution in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. It was founded in 1878 and is affiliated with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
The film Trading Places has toplessness as a film quality. It is a film that was released on 01 January 1983 and also on 16 December 1983. It stars Philip Bosco and Eddie Jones.
Maggi Hambling was born on 23 October 1945 in Suffolk, United Kingdom. She graduated from the Slade School of Fine Art and is a painter. She is a woman.
Harri Nykänen was born in Helsinki, Finland on 20 June 1953. He is a writer, screenwriter, and journalist.
Greg Feek, a male from New Zealand, was born in New Plymouth on July 20, 1975. He is a rugby union player and a citizen of New Zealand.
Margot Eppinger is a female athletics competitor born on January 1, 1952, in Denkendorf, Baden-Württemberg. Her given name is Margot.
Yuma Kawamori, a male from Japan, was born in Yokkaichi on 1 February 1993. He is a football player and a citizen of Japan, and he plays Association football.
The Way of Cross and Dragon is a science fiction short story written by George R.R. Martin. It was published in Omni magazine in June 1979.
The Unicorn Series is a speculative fiction novel series written by Tanith Lee. The series originated in England and was published in 1991.
Metal Masters is a video game developed by Bit Managers and published by Electro Brain. The music was composed by Alberto Jose González. It was released on December 00, 1993 and is a fighting game.
George Aiken was educated at Brattleboro Union High School and worked in Montpelier, Vermont. He was Lieutenant Governor of Vermont and was a human being.
The Statue of Niels W. Gade, made of bronze, is located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark. It was created in 1897 by Vilhelm Bissen.
Bothwell Chapungu was born in Kwekwe, Zimbabwe on November 22, 1987. He is a male cricketer and a citizen of Zimbabwe.
The Malediction is a written work, a novel from France, published by Éditions Gallimard in 1951, written by Jean Giono.
Enzo Sacchi is a male from the Kingdom of Italy and Italy, who participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and his sport is Track cycling.
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings is a business located in Rancho Cordova, California, United States. It was founded in 1915 and is owned by Aerojet Rocketdyne. Additionally, it has a subsidiary called Aerojet.
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 is a video game. It was published by Electronic Arts on June 17, 1997. It is a sports game for the Nintendo 64 video game console, developed by EA Vancouver.
Eva Golinger is a female lawyer and journalist. She was born in New York City on 19 February 1973 and is a citizen of the United States.
Marlborough Girls' College is a secondary school in New Zealand. It was established in 1963 and is located in Marlborough Region. It was previously known as Marlborough College and is named after Marlborough Region.
Mike Bellamy is a male American football player born in New York City on June 28, 1966. He is a citizen of the United States.
Orivesi, a city in the municipality of Pirkanmaa in Finland, was founded in 1869.
Marianna Csörnyei was born in Budapest, Hungary on October 8, 1975. She is a female mathematician who was born in Budapest, Hungary on October 8, 1975. She is a citizen of Hungary and works at University College London.
Fernando Palomeque was born in Mexico City on 20 March 1968. He is a football player and a football manager from Mexico. He is a man.
CZ12 is an action film and a martial arts film written by Jackie Chan. The cast includes Jackie Chan, Shu Qi and Daniel Wu.
Olga Ivanova, a female, was born in Verkhneuralsk, Russia on 23 March 1993. She is a taekwondo athlete from Russia.
Christina Gonzalez, a US citizen, was born in New York City. She attended the University of Miami and worked as a reporter for KTTV. Gonzalez is a woman.
The SNCF Class Y 9000 is a locomotive class from France. It is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive and was made by Socofer. It comes from France and is operated by SNCF.
Dragon Age Pure, a Japanese language magazine, was founded in Japan on 30 January 2006. It is published by Fujimi Shobo.
De Staat is an alternative rock band from Nijmegen, Netherlands. The band was created in 2006.
Baishizhou station is a metro station located in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, China. It is part of the Shenzhen Metro and was opened on September 28, 2009. Baishizhou station is a station located underground.
Dean Brown (American football) was born on November 16, 1945 in McDonough, Georgia. He is an American football player who played as a defensive back for the Miami Dolphins.
The Mykolas Romeris University in Vilnius, Lithuania was established in 2004. The university is a member of the European University Association.
Bo'ness is a small burgh and a town located in the United Kingdom, specifically in Falkirk Council and Bo'ness and Carriden. It falls under the category of Bo'ness.
Needle is a science fiction novel written by Hal Clement and published by Doubleday in the United States in 1950.
The Charioteer of Delphi is a literary work from the United Kingdom written by Caroline Lawrence, published by Orion Publishing Group in 2006, classified as a Novel.
The architect of Marselisborg Palace in Denmark is Hack Kampmann. The palace was inaugurated in 1902 and is located in the Aarhus Municipality.
One Clear Call is a historical novel written by Upton Sinclair, published by Viking Press in the United States in 1948, which is a literary work from the United States.
The Statue of Henry Havelock, Trafalgar Square is located in the city of Westminster, United Kingdom. The statue is a public art work created by William Behnes in 1861.
Jewelled Nights is a 1925 silent film directed by Louise Lovely, starring Louise Lovely and Gordon Collingridge.
The Rouge River Bridge is a bridge located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was constructed in 1994 and officially opened in 1994.
Abdul Gaddy is a person with the surname Gaddy (surname). He is a point guard from the United States, a member of the Maine Red Claws in men's basketball.
Aaron Westervelt, whose full name is Aaron (given name), is a human being. He plays as a midfielder for the Adelaide Cobras FC and the Seaford Rangers FC.
Chetumal International Airport is an international airport located in Chetumal, Mexico and is operated by Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares. It serves the transport hub of Chetumal.
Robert Bouloux, a male, was born in Ploubalay, France on May 22, 1947. He is a sport cyclist who participates in Cycle sport.
The film Kalichaat is a Film from India. It was composed by Sanjeev Kohli. The film was directed by Sudhanshu Sharma, who also produced it. The original language of the film is Hindi.
Barry House, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council. He was the President of the Council and attended Busselton Senior High School.
Dulquer Salmaan was born in Kochi, India on 28 July 1986. He is a businessperson and an actor. Dulquer Salmaan is a man.
Sylvan Hills High School is a state school in the United States, in the Pulaski County Special School District. The school was established in 1956 and is located in the administrative territory of Arkansas.
The NZR KB class is a New Zealand locomotive class which was introduced in 1939 and retired in 1969. The New Zealand Railways Department operate this class.
Jan Fredrik Vogt was born in 1974 in Norway. He is a politician from the Progress Party and was a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway. He is a man.
Miki Tanaka, a judoka from Japan, was born in Nagahama, Shiga on October 20, 1987. She is a female athlete who competes in the sport of Judo.
State Highway 140 is a road in Colorado, United States. The Colorado Department of Transportation is the owner of the highway and is also responsible for its maintenance. It is part of the state highways in Colorado.
Tarryl Clark was born in Norfolk, Virginia on 31 July 1961. She is a female politician and lawyer from the United States.
Dulce Pontes was born in Montijo, Portugal on 8 April 1969. She is a singer and a singer-songwriter from Portugal. Dulce Pontes is a woman.
Mario Torelli was born in Rome, Italy on 12 May 1937. He is a classical scholar, art historian, and archaeologist.
Bruce Bouton was born in South Carolina in 1954. He was a student at Virginia Commonwealth University. He is a guitarist and human being.
The action film Blade of the Immortal, from Japan and the United Kingdom, has a Kijkwijzer rating of 16. It was produced by Jeremy Thomas and belongs to the genres of Drama (film and television) and Action film.
Seiko Hashimoto is a female track cyclist who participated in the 1994 Asian Games. She is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan and also competes in speed skating.
The film Son of Django was released in 1967. It was composed by Piero Umiliani. The cast includes Daniele Vargas and Ignazio Spalla, and it was directed by Osvaldo Civirani.
Si Todos Fuesen Iguales a Ti is a pop song performed by Miguel Bosé, composed by Antônio Carlos Jobim. The song is part of the album Papito and was released in 1992.
The company Zonergy, in the palm oil industry, is owned by ZTE and was founded in January 2007. The company is headquartered in Beijing.
Chris Biotti, born Chris, is a defenceman who played ice hockey. He graduated from Harvard University. He is from the United States.
Douglas Luiz, a male football player from Brazil, was born in Rio de Janeiro on May 9, 1998. He is a professional footballer who plays Association football.
Robert R. Reisz, whose real name is Robert, is a human being who works at the University of Toronto. His field of work is paleontology. His doctoral advisor was Robert L. Carroll and his doctoral student was Michel Laurin.
Ivan Almeida Dias, a male human being, was born in Niterói on August 28, 1972. He is a football player who plays association football.
Lee Trevino won the 1971 Open Championship, which was held at the Royal Birkdale Golf Club.
Rakesh Mohan was born in Uttar Pradesh, India on 14 January 1948. He is a male economist. He was educated at Princeton University and is a citizen of India.
Nina Bassuk is a female landscape architect and architect. She was born on 16 February 1952. She graduated from Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and is employed at Cornell University.
The film Youth was released in 1934. Its music was composed by Georges Van Parys. The film stars Lisette Lanvin and Robert Arnoux and was directed by Georges Lacombe.
The Kiev Municipal Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre for Children and Youth is located in Kiev, Ukraine. It was founded in 1982. The Opera House is located in Kiev and is a youth theatre.
Jil is an action film from India, produced by UV Creations. The original language of the film is Telugu language. Sakthi Saravanan was the director of photography and Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao was the film editor.
Empire is a historical novel written by Gore Vidal and published by Random House in the United States in 1987.
Kavalu is a Kannada book written by S.L. Bhyrappa, published in 2010, and originates from India. It is a work of fiction.
Hoar Cross Hall is an English country house in the United Kingdom. It was designed by Henry Clutton and was completed in 1871. It is owned by Hugo Meynell.
Vanessa Boslak is a female from France who was born in Lesquin on June 11th 1982. She is a pole vaulter and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The film Victoria has a PG12 rating and stars Franz Rogowski and Martin Goeres. It is a film and was released on 11 June 2015 and also on 01 July 2015.
The List of Delaware Byways is a highway system in the United States, located in Delaware. It was established in 2000 and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Szandra Szalay is a female triathlete from Hungary. She was born on July 30, 1989. Szandra Szalay is a human.
The Keio Challenger is a tennis tournament. It was created in 1999 and is located in Yokohama, Japan. It is played on hard courts.
WAPS is an FM radio station in Akron, Ohio, United States. It was established in 1955 and is owned by Akron Public Schools.
Elias Bjuhr, a male ice hockey player from Sweden, was born in Sweden on 17 October 1988. He is a citizen of Sweden.
Tweetie Pie is a US children's comedy film distributed by Warner Bros. The film was produced by Edward Selzer and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Serhiy Zahidulin is a human being from Ukraine. His given name is Serhiy. He is a midfielder who plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv and FC Karpaty Lviv.
Colton Hills Community School is a secondary school located in Wolverhampton, in the administrative territory of the City of Wolverhampton, United Kingdom. It is a community school in England and Wales and was established on January 1, 1974.
The Elephant Celebes is a 1921 oil on canvas painting by Max Ernst from the United States. The painting is in the Tate Modern.
Kurt Stillwell is a human being. He is a shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds and the San Diego Padres. His full name is Kurt Stillwell.
Cedric Gondo was born in Divo, Ivory Coast on November 25, 1996. He is a football player who has played for both Delfino Pescara 1936 and ACF Fiorentina, playing association football.
York County Courthouse is located in York, South Carolina, United States. It was designed by William Augustus Edwards in the Neoclassicism style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vin Bourke was born in Henty, New South Wales on 14 September 1933. He is an Australian rules football player who played for the North Melbourne Football Club and the North Albury Football Club.
Auston Matthews, an ice hockey player, was born in San Ramon, California, United States on September 17, 1997. He is a male athlete who plays Ice hockey.
The film S/O Satyamurthy was released in 2015. It was directed by Trivikram Srinivas, starred Vennela Kishore and Upendra (actor) and has Devi Sri Prasad as the composer.
Luciano Astudillo was born in Sweden in 1972. He is a politician from the Swedish Social Democratic Party and a member of the Swedish Riksdag. He is a man.
Judith W. Rogers was born in New York City on 01 January 1939. She graduated from Harvard Law School and is a judge. Mrs. Rogers is a woman from the United States.
The film Dragon Hunters is a children's film from Luxembourg and Germany. It was distributed by InterCom. The original language of the film is French. Arthur Qwak was the director of photography.
Sharon Needles is a male drag queen and singer. He was born in Newton, Iowa, United States on 28 November 1981.
The Science of Discworld II: The Globe is written in English, written by Jack Cohen (biologist), and originates from the United Kingdom. It is part of the Discworld series, following The Science of Discworld and preceding The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch.
Thomas Dougherty is a male human being. He was born in Casper, Wyoming in 1951. He is a diplomat and was educated at Brown University.
NHL 08 is a video game developed by EA Vancouver. EA Sports published the game, which is a sports game. It was released on September 12, 2007 for Microsoft Windows.
The Alexander Theatre (constructed in 1879) is an opera house in Helsinki, Finland. The Alexander Theatre is part of Esplanadi-Bulevardi and is located in Helsinki.
Homemade Millionaire is a reality television series that was broadcast on TLC. The series is based in New York City, United States. The series is in English.
Demetrio Steffè is a football player born in Trieste on 30 July 1996. He is associated with Robur Siena and plays association football as a midfielder.
Frank Torre, a first baseman, played baseball for the Atlanta Braves and the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Night Riviera is a night train service that was established on 11 July 1983 in the United Kingdom. It is operated by the Great Western Railway.
Funtaine Hunter, a male American football player, was born in Valdosta, Georgia, United States on December 27, 1983.
The Orpheum Theatre in San Francisco, United States, is a movie theater and a theater structure. It was established on January 1, 1926.
The 2003 Japanese Grand Prix was an auto racing event held at Suzuka International Racing Course in Japan on October 12, 2003. It was part of the 2003 Formula One World Championship.
Columbia TriStar Television, a United States based business, was founded in 1994 and dissolved in 2002. Sony Pictures Television was the owner of Columbia TriStar Television.
Katya Adler was born on 3 May 1972 in London. She graduated from the University of Bristol and worked as a journalist for the BBC. She is a woman.
After Hours at the London House is a live album of vocal jazz. It was recorded in 1959 and was produced by Jack Tracy. The album is performed by Sarah Vaughan and was released by Mercury Records.
A Paris Apartment is a book written by Michelle Gable, published on January 1, 2014, in the United States, by Thomas Dunne Books, and written in English.
Indie Allen, whose surname is Allen, was born on December 27, 1992 in Montego Bay. He is a singer and human being. Indie Allen's musical genre is male.
The film Muthal Mariyathai, released on 01 January 1985, is a film. The music for the film was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The film features Sivaji Ganesan in the cast and was directed by P. Bharathiraja, who also wrote the screenplay.
Iwanka Sanjula was born in Galle, Sri Lanka on 16 February 1997. He is a cricketer from Sri Lanka and is a male athlete who plays Cricket.
Rag Tale is a 2005 film. It is a film. The film stars John Sessions. The film stars Simon Callow. The film is a comedy film. The film was published in 2005. The film was directed by Mary McGuckian.
The Anzhi Arena is a soccer-specific stadium located in Kaspiysk, Russia. It is operated by FC Anzhi Makhachkala and is occupied by two teams: FC Anzhi Makhachkala and FC Makhachkala.
Hammerson is a business and an enterprise located in the United Kingdom. Its headquarters are in London and it is a public limited company established on January 1, 1942.
The Schleicher ASW 20 is a 15 metre Class aircraft family from Germany. It was designed by Gerhard Waibel and manufactured by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.
Roy Brindley, a man, was born in Southampton, United Kingdom on 10 June 1969. He is a journalist and his given name is Roy.
The film Hachi: A Dog's Tale was written by Kaneto Shindo and stars Kevin DeCoste, Richard Gere, and Robert Capron. It was produced by Richard Gere and is in the English language.
Rough River Lake is a lake located in Kentucky, United States. It is situated in the United States and its outflow is the Rough River, which also flows into the lake.
A Chef in Love is a romantic comedy and a drama film and television genre, written by Irakli Kvirikadze. The film features Jean-Yves Gautier as a cast member. It was produced by Alexander Rodnyansky and Temur Babluani.
Justin Catanoso, a male from the United States, was born on 5 November 1959. He attended Wake Forest University, where he worked as a journalist. He is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Wake Forest University.
Alexander Tarasov, whose family name is Tarasov, is a human being who competes in the sport of figure skating. He competes in pair skating and is from the Soviet Union.
Gwethalyn Graham is a human being who received the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction. Her notable work is Earth and High Heaven. She was married to David Yalden-Thomson.
Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty is a film from India. It was produced by August Cinema and distributed by August Cinema. The original language of the film is Malayalam. The cast includes Sekhar Menon and Nedumudi Venu.
Mitchell R. Julis was born on 01 January 1955. He is a male. He is a business executive. He graduated from Harvard Law School and Princeton University.
Milton Jones is a stand-up comedian and comedian from the United Kingdom. He was born on 16 May 1964. Mr. Jones is a man who graduated from Middlesex University.
The 2011 International Cup of Nice was a figure skating competition held in France. It was a figure skating competition that took place on October 26th 2011 and ended on October 30th 2011.
Johan Sotil is a male football player and manager from Peru, born in Lima on August 29, 1982. He is also a football manager.
The Blue Bonnet is a 1919 film. It is a film directed by Louis Chaudet. The screenwriter is Eugenie Magnus Ingleton. The genre is Drama (film and television). The producer is William Parsons (actor).
The Magician's Elephant is a novel written by Kate DiCamillo, published by Candlewick Press in the United States on January 1, 2009.
Air Above Mountains is a live album of Jazz and Free jazz by Cecil Taylor. It was recorded in 1978 and was produced by Matthias Winckelmann.
Jordan Palmer-Samuels was born in London on 12 September 1994. However, there is also a conflicting date of birth listed as 10 June 1995. He is an association football player who has played for Karmiotissa FC.
Masato Matsui, a Japanese baseball player, was born in Maebashi on November 19, 1987. He is a male baseball player from Japan.
Elizabeth Anton is a female football player who was born in Auckland, New Zealand on December 12, 1998. She is a citizen of New Zealand and plays as a midfielder.
The Stranger Next Door is a Novel written by Amélie Nothomb, published by Éditions Albin Michel in Belgium in 1995.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the same output. If you have new data, I'd be happy to help.
Denis Shapovalov was born in Tel Aviv on April 15, 1999. He is a male tennis player and a citizen of Canada, however, he plays Ice hockey, not tennis.
Martin Cameron (footballer) was born in Dunfermline, United Kingdom on 16 June 1978. He is a male football player who plays Association football.
Velenka is a municipality in the Nymburk District of the Czech Republic. Velenka is located in the historical region of Bohemia, it is a cadastral area in the Czech Republic and the border with Kounice is also shared with Velenka.
Paradise Hills is a film written by Brian DeLeeuw, starring Emma Roberts, Danielle Macdonald and Awkwafina, and produced by Adrián Guerra. It is originally in English.
Marian Dougherty, a female football player, was born in Denver, United States on November 25, 1984. She is a citizen of the United States.
Takuya Murayama, a male football player, was born in Osaka, Japan on August 8, 1989. He is a citizen of Japan and plays Association football.
High Energy is an album by The Supremes, released in 1976 by Motown. The album is a soul music album and was produced by Brian Holland. It is an instance of an album.
Jacob Gillbee, born on 13 September 1992, is a male Australian rules football player who plays for the Gold Coast Suns in Australian rules football.
Hazel English is a female musician born in Sydney, Australia on 27 November 1990. Her given name is Hazel.
Cornelius Redick was born in the United States, on January 7, 1964. He was an American football player for the Green Bay Packers, and was a member of the US men's national football team.
La mascotte is a French language opera, specifically an Opéra comique, written by Alfred Duru. It was composed by Edmond Audran and published in 1850.
J-League Dynamite Soccer 64 is a video game that was published by Imagineer ( Japanese company ) on September 5, 1997. It is a sports game from Japan and was released for the Nintendo 64.
The JGR Class 8150 is a locomotive class from the United States that was operated by the Ministry of Railways in Japan. It was put in service in 1890 and retired in 1927.
1988 Tokyo Indoor was a tennis tournament that was held in 1988. The 1988 Tokyo Indoor - Singles was part of the tennis tournament and was the sequel to the 1987 Tokyo Indoor.
Suzuka 8 Hours is a video game that was released on October 10th, 1992. It is a racing video game from Japan, set in Japan, and is an arcade game.
Jarmo Jokila, a Finnish ice hockey player, was born in Turku on 13 February 1986. He is a male athlete who participates in the sport of Ice hockey.
Hollyn is a songwriter born on January 3, 1997, in Waverly, Ohio, United States. She is a female human being.
Morecambe FC is a United Kingdom association football club that was founded in 1920. They play in the EFL League Two league. The club's headquarters are in Morecambe.
The Apostles is a film from China which was released on January 17, 2014. It was also released in 2013 and stars Josie Ho. The film is a thriller.
Cam Neely, a winger, is a member of the Vancouver Canucks and Boston Bruins ice hockey teams.
Keiko Terada is a singer and a singer-songwriter from Japan. She was born in Funabashi on 27 July 1963. Keiko Terada is a woman.
Faber and Faber is a book publishing company, publisher, founded in 1929 by Geoffrey Faber, located in London, United Kingdom.
Tommy Steel is a male football player from Glasgow, United States. He plays for Fore River ( soccer ).
ERROR This is the same data as before. Here is the lexicalisation:\n\n"A Few Good Men is a legal drama play written by Aaron Sorkin. The play was written in English.
William César de Oliveira, a Brazilian male, was born in Cuiabá on 17 October 1968. He is a football player who participates in Association football.
Every Loser Wins is a pop music single by Nick Berry, released in 1986. It is part of the New Vintage: The Best of Simon May album and is available on the BBC Records label.
The Three Rivers Heritage Trail, a National Recreation Trail and a rail trail, is a trail in North America. It is located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Renat Yanbayev is a male football player from Russia who was born in Noginsk on April 7th, 1984. He was part of the Russia national team that participated in the UEFA Euro 2008.
The Picton Reading Room and Hornby Library, a public library and reading room, is located in Liverpool, United Kingdom, and is part of the Liverpool Central Library. It was established in 1906.
Sibel Güler was born in Bulgaria on 28 September 1984. She is a female from Turkey who lives in Ankara and is a taekwondo athlete.
Vladimir Solovyov, a human being, is a doctor in engineering and a cosmonaut. He received the Gold Star and the Order of Honour (Russia). He worked at Bauman Moscow State Technical University and studied there as well.
Josef Tal is a human. He is an opera composer and a musicologist. His given name is Josef. He is also a composer and has received the Wolf Prize.
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop is a mystery film distributed by Warner Bros. It stars Donald Woods and Ann Dvorak and was produced by Bryan Foy. The original language of the film is English.
Martin Gethin, a boxer from the United Kingdom, was born in Walsall on 16 November 1983. He is a male athlete who competes in the sport of Boxing.
Mathew Barzal is a male ice hockey player from Coquitlam, Canada, born on May 26, 1997. He is a citizen of Canada and plays the sport of Ice hockey.
Fulvio Pea is a male football player and manager from Italy, born in Casalpusterlengo on 10 February 1967. He is also a football manager.
Freddie Jenkins was a jazz musician, trumpeter, and composer born in New York City on October 10, 1906, who died on July 12, 1978.
Justin Orenduff was born on May 27, 1983. He is a male citizen of the United States and is a baseball player. He is a member of the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes baseball team.
Dmytro Tishyn was born on 24 June 1988. He is a male chess player from Ukraine, and he is a citizen of Ukraine. He competes in the sport of Chess.
The Lowry Avenue Bridge, a steel bridge, is located in Minneapolis, United States. It is a transportation infrastructure in Minnesota and was opened in October 2012.
O Prithibi Ebar Ese Bangladesh Nao Chine is a song written by Zulfiqer Russell and performed by Elita Karim. It is a song from Bangladesh, related to the sport of Cricket, and was released on 17 February 2011.
Wizz Air UK was founded in September 2017 in the United Kingdom. The parent organization of Wizz Air UK is Wizz Air and the hub airport is Luton airport. The headquarters of Wizz Air UK are located in London.
South Carolina Highway 83 is a state road in South Carolina, United States. It was completed in 1938 and is owned by the South Carolina Department of Transportation.
Phil Groeneveld, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Oshawa on September 18, 1974. He is a male athlete who plays Ice hockey.
The NREC RL class locomotive is a diesel-electric locomotive made by the National Railway Equipment Company. It is operated by the Southern Shorthaul Railroad in Australia.
Maserati manufactures the Maserati Shamal sports car model. It is a successor to the Maserati Khamsin and was followed by the Maserati 3200 GT.
Montmartre Rose is a film from the United States. It was directed by Bernard F. McEveety, has the narrative location of Paris, and was released in 1929. Montmartre Rose is a silent film.
Mike Matheson, a male ice hockey player from Canada, was born in Pointe-Claire on February 27, 1994. He is involved in the sport of Ice hockey.
Alfred Pittard, born Alfred (name) (3 August 1868 - 16 May 1950), was a male politician and a member of the Victorian Legislative Council.
Claudio O'Connor, a male, was born in Llavallol, Argentina on 28 April 1963. He is a singer and his given name is Claudio.
The Decision is a science fiction novel written by K.A. Applegate and published by Scholastic Corporation in the United States in May 1998.
Neesha Wieser was born on 25 October 1986 in New Zealand. She is a female Netball player and her occupation is netballer. She is a human.
The Kirkby Project, a sports venue in Kirkby, is owned by Everton F.C. and operated by the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in the United Kingdom. The Kirkby Project was designed by Barr Construction.
The University of Bolton is a public university in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, United Kingdom. Bolton is the location of the University of Bolton, which is a higher education institution.
Larry Weiss is the composer and writer of the song "Rhinestone Cowboy". The song was produced by Dennis Lambert. The song is originally from the United States. The song won the American Music Award for Favorite Country Single.
Acclaim Studios Manchester is a business in Manchester, United Kingdom. It was founded in 1987 and was acquired by Acclaim Entertainment in 2004.
Rock School is a 2005 documentary film directed by Don Argott and produced by Sheena M. Joyce. Rock School stars Paul Green.
The Buffalo Airport is located in Texas, United States. It was established on January 6th, 1954. The airport serves the transport hub of Amarillo.
Bas Paternotte, a man, was born in the Netherlands on 1 September 1976. He is a journalist and is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. His given name is Bas.
The Boeing AH-64 Apache entered service on 26 January 1984. It is operated by the Royal Netherlands Air Force. It was manufactured by Hughes Helicopters in the United States and was first flown on 30 September 1975.
Mouhamadou Sarr is a football player born in Kaolack on 5 January 1997. He plays association football and is a member of Bologna F.C. 1909, where he plays as a goalkeeper.
Al-Tai FC is a Saudi Arabian association football club based in Ha'il. It is a football club. It was founded on 23 July 1960. It plays Association football. It competes in the Saudi Professional League.
Tokyo Fiancée is an autobiographical novel written by Amélie Nothomb and published by Éditions Albin Michel in Belgium in 2007.
Gundello Godari is originally in Tamil language and Telugu language and originates from India. The film is produced by Lakshmi Manchu and stars Lakshmi Manchu and Sundeep Kishan.
The Electric Light Orchestra (album) is a studio album, released by Harvest Records, produced by Roy Wood, and part of the Electric Light Orchestra studio albums discography. It is a progressive rock music album and has an edition called The Electric Light Orchestra - First Light Series.
Dean is a comedy film written by Demetri Martin. It stars Demetri Martin, Kevin Kline and Reid Scott (actor). The language of the film is English.
Barrett's Ferry Bridge is located in James City County, Virginia, United States. It was inaugurated on January 24, 2009.
Henry Wood Hall in Southwark, London, United Kingdom is a concert hall named after Henry Wood. It was designed by Francis Octavius Bedford and is in the London Borough of Southwark.
The action film Dheena is from India and was written by AR Murugadoss. It features Suresh Gopi in the cast and was performed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The narrative is set in Chennai.
The Best of Sugar Ray is an album by Sugar Ray, a pop rock band. It was released in 2005 by Atlantic Records and was produced by David Kahne.
Luke Glendening, an ice hockey player, was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States on April 28, 1989. He is a male athlete who plays Ice hockey.
Trish Hina, whose full name is Trish Hina, is a female rugby union player. She was born on 3 May 1977 and is a citizen of New Zealand. She is a member of the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Nishi-Obihiro Station is a train station in Obihiro, Hokkaido, Japan. It was opened on September 8, 1907 and is connected to the Nemuro Main Line.
Vivian Segnini, a female tennis player from Brazil, was born in São Carlos on January 3, 1989. She is a professional tennis player.
The Winter Room is a novel written by Gary Paulsen and published by Scholastic Corporation in the United States in 1989.
Jermaine Gresham, a tight end from the United States, was educated at Ardmore City Schools. He is a member of the Cincinnati Bengals.
Allen Tankard, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Islington on 21 May 1969. He is a football player in the Association football genre.
Behind Closed Doors is a country music album by Charlie Rich. It was released in 1973 and produced by Billy Sherrill. The album is an album and was released by Epic Records.
Over the Pop is an album by Sabrina Salerno, released in 1991. It is a dance-pop and pop music album, following Super Remix.
Wally Moon, a man, played baseball for John Brown University. He was an outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Rochester Red Wings.
American Psycho 2 is a thriller film and a horror film distributed by Lionsgate Home Entertainment. The film was produced by Lionsgate Home Entertainment and stars Lindy Booth and Robin Dunne.
The video game Super Adventure Rockman, released on June 25, 1998 in Japan, is an interactive film. It was published by Capcom and is available for the Sega Saturn.
Silent Hill 2 is a video game. The video game's music was composed by Akira Yamaoka. Silent Hill 2 was released in Japan on September 24th, 2001 and September 27th, 2001.
Gossip in the Grain is a folk music album by Ray LaMontagne. It was released on October 14, 2008, and is produced by Ethan Johns. The record label is BMG Rights Management.
Ben Jeffries, a male, was born in Australia on 4 September 1980. He is a rugby league player and is a citizen of Australia.
The 1995 Stockholm Open was an instance of a tennis tournament edition, held in Sweden, and was a part of the Stockholm Open, which is a sports season of league or competition, and it was related to the sport of tennis, and it took place in the year 1995.
The Greek National Tourism Organization in Greece was created in 1927. It is a government agency that is part of the Ministry of Tourism. It is located in Athens and is a destination marketing organization.
Passaic County (United States) is located in New Jersey, its capital is Paterson and it was created on 7 February 1837. It is bordered by Bergen County, New Jersey.
Adrian Liu is a male badminton player from Canada who was born in Prince Rupert, British Columbia on September 17th, 1983. He participated in the 2010 Peru International Badminton Championships – Mixed doubles.
Grand Slam is a funk album by The Isley Brothers from the United States. The album was released in 1981 and was recorded by T-Neck Records.
Erling Moreno, a baseball player, was born in Cartagena, Colombia on 13 January 1997. He is a male citizen of Colombia and plays the sport of Baseball.
Troy Menzel is a male Australian rules football player. He was born on September 22, 1994. He plays Australian rules football and is a member of the Adelaide Football Club and the Carlton Football Club.
God: The Failed Hypothesis is a written work in English. It was written by Victor J. Stenger and published in 2007 by Prometheus Books in the United States.
Alabama State Route 239 is a road in the state of Alabama, United States. It is owned by the Alabama Department of Transportation and is part of the Alabama State Route System. The Alabama Department of Transportation is also responsible for maintaining the road.
La Booga Rooga is a pop rock album by Andy Fairweather Low, released in 1975 on A&M Records. The album was produced by Glyn Johns.
Imaginary Day is a jazz fusion album by the Pat Metheny Group. It was released in 1997 by Warner Bros. Records and was produced by Pat Metheny.
Lauri Johnson (born December 27, 1949 in Santa Monica, California) is a female actor from the United States.
Hang Lung Properties, a business and enterprise, is owned by Hang Lung Group. It was founded in 1987 and is located in Hong Kong, operating in the real estate economics industry.
Girls of Riyadh is an Epistolary novel written by Rajaa al-Sanea, published by Penguin Books in Saudi Arabia on 05 July 2007.
Free Love is a 1930 film. It is an instance of a film. The publication date is 00  1930. The cast includes Conrad Nagel. The director is Hobart Henley. The screenwriter is Edwin H. Knopf. The genre is Comedy film.
Carthage College is a liberal arts college in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States. The college was founded in 1847.
Mohammad Khodabandelou was born in Tehran on 7 September 1999. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Paykan FC.
WildStorm, a book publishing company in the United States, was founded in 1992. The company is owned by DC Comics. The company is headquartered in La Jolla.
Des Moines is the capital of Iowa, where the Mississippi River is the lowest point. The state is part of the Midwestern United States and is surrounded by Minnesota and South Dakota. Iowa is also the location of Delaware County.
Yuki Muto was born in Chiba Prefecture on May 9, 1995. He is a male football player who plays for Matsumoto Yamaga FC and is involved in Association football.
Josh Ralph (rugby league) is a male human being. He was born on 21 July 1997 in Southport, Queensland. He is a rugby league player and a member of the Tweed Heads Seagulls team.
Adriana Lima was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil on 12 June 1981. She is a supermodel, a person model, and an actor. 
Bertha Isaacs is a female tennis player and suffragette from The Bahamas. She is a member of the Progressive Liberal Party and a teacher.
Dave Carlock, a male, is a songwriter and a record producer. He was born in 2000. His genre is Hard rock. His given name is Dave.
Albert Masland was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States on 18 September 1956. He graduated from Dickinson College and is a politician. Mr. Masland is a man.
The film Tracers was written by Leslie Bohem, directed by Daniel Benmayor, and released on 20 March 2015 and 28 May 2015. The cast includes Marie Avgeropoulos and Taylor Lautner.
Wendy Armoko was born in Jakarta, Indonesia on 8 May 1978. He is a male actor.
Argiro Zapata was born on June 14th 1971 in Colombia. He is a male cycle sport athlete and human.
The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open was a tennis tournament held in India from 1996 to 2007. It was organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals.
Cecilio Lastra, a Spanish boxer, was born in Santander, Spain on August 12, 1951. He is a man and a citizen of Spain.
The Almost Impossible Gameshow, a TV game show series, originates from the United Kingdom. The series was first broadcast on 1 October 2015 on ITV2 in English. Endemol Shine UK is the distributor of the series.
Stephanie Grebe, a female table tennis player, was born in Berlin, Germany on September 24, 1987. She is a citizen of Germany.
Per Carlsen, a diplomat and politician, was born in 1948. He is a man and a citizen of Denmark.
Bojan Kusmuk was born in Kraljevo on September 12, 1969. He is a male basketball player who is a member of KK Sloga and plays the sport of Basketball.
Babita was born in Mumbai, India in 1948. She is a human being and an actor. She was the first woman to appear in a movie.
Mother Holly is a children's film written and directed by Fritz Genschow. It was released on December 5th, 1954. The cast includes Werner Stock and Peter-Uwe Witt.
Massimo Carraro was born in Camposampiero, Italy on 8 March 1959. He is a male politician and entrepreneur.
The Ashram is a novel written by Sattar Memon. It was published in April 2005 and is a literary work from India, set in India.
The Secret Ways was distributed by Universal Pictures. It stars Howard Vernon, Oskar Wegrostek and Sonja Ziemann and was produced by Euan Lloyd. The original language of the film is English.
The Pioneering Spirit is a working ship and a ship. It was built in Geoje by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering and is operated by Allseas in Malta.
Hernani Almeida, a man, was born in Mindelo, Cape Verde on 7 April 1978. He is a musician.
Night in Paradise is a historical film written by Ernest Pascal and starring Gale Sondergaard, Jerome Cowan, Rex Evans and produced by Walter Wanger.
The 1986 U.S. Open (golf) was held at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in the United States in 1986. It was an instance of the U.S. Open (golf) and was a golf event.
Ten Modern Commandments, a silent film and romance film, was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Neil Hamilton, Neil Hamilton, and Esther Ralston.
Genaro Borrego Estrada, whose full name is Genaro, was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and held the position of President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was a member of the Senate of Mexico and the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico, and worked in Mexico City.
Wrong is a comedy film written by Mr. Oizo. The film features Regan Burns, William Fichtner and Todd Giebenhain in its cast. The language of the film is English.
Jim Anderson, a male basketball coach from the United States, was born on April 20, 1937, and is associated with the surname Anderson and the sport of Basketball.
Russell Martin, who was educated at Chipola College, is a resident of Montreal. He played as a third baseman and catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Myles Wakefield, a male from South Africa, was born in Durban on June 13, 1974. He is a tennis player.
Takayuki Ochiai was born in Tokyo, Japan on 17 August 1979. He graduated from Keio University and is a politician. Mr. Ochiai is a man.
Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses is an Italian comedy film written by Bernardino Zapponi. The film stars Giovanna Ralli, Giacomo Rizzo and Gigi Proietti. The language of the film is Italian.
Lambert Belmas was born in Carcassonne, France on 11 August 1997. He is a male rugby league player and a citizen of France.
The Oxford Internet Institute is a research institute in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2001 by Derek Wyatt. It is part of the University of Oxford in Oxford.
Deep Saini was born on 25 October 1955. He is a physiologist and a biologist. Mr. Saini is a man from Canada and graduated from the University of Alberta.
Your Memory and Me is a 1953 comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado, starring Domingo Soler and Pedro Vargas.
Brodie Moles was born in Hobart on November 7, 1985. He is an Australian rules football player who is a member of the Western Bulldogs and a man.
Federico Proia was born in Rome on 4 February 1996. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Robur Siena.
Georg von Habsburg was born on 16 December 1964 in Starnberg, Austria. He is a male journalist and was awarded the Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Victor Posa, born on November 5, 1966 in Bari, Italy, is a male ice hockey player from Italy.
Klaas-Jan van Noortwijk, a male, was born in Rotterdam on July 10, 1970. He is a cricketer and a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, who plays Cricket.
Vaalii Faalogo was born in Samoa on November 9, 1983. However, another source states he was born on September 11, 1983. He is an association football player who plays for Vailima Kiwi FC.
Norm Spencer was born in Canada on 23 February 1958. He is a television actor, voice actor, and actor from Canada.
The River City Marketplace is a shopping mall in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. that was opened on November 17, 2006. The mall is owned by RPT Realty.
The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway, which has Dongguan-Huizhou as part of it, is operated by the China Railway Guangzhou Group. The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway was opened in 2011 and is part of the regional rail network in China.
Princesa Yamal was born in Mendoza, Argentina on 01 January 1901. She is a film actor, actor, and dancer from Argentina.
Darwin's Radio, written by Greg Bear, is a techno-thriller from the United States. It was published on 31 August 1999.
The Skulls II is a 2002 thriller film directed by Joe Chappelle and starring Robin Dunne. The film's musical score is by Christophe Beck.
Marc Sagmoen, a baseball player, was born in Seattle, United States on April 16, 1971. He is a male baseball player from the United States.
Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams is a game that uses the DualShock 2 input method. It is available on the PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Game Boy Advance platforms, and is distributed via optical disc.
Yamato Tamura was born in Hachinohe, Japan on May 28, 1979. He is a figure skater and a male figure skating coach.
Avengers Grimm: Time Wars is a 2015 film that is both a fantasy film and a superhero film. It was written by Jeremy M. Inman and produced by Paul Bales.
Rappottenstein is a market municipality in the Zwettl District of Austria. It is bordered by the municipalities of Groß Gerungs and Schönbach, Austria.
The film Generation 1000 Euros is from Italy and was written by Massimo Venier. The film is in the Italian language and stars Francesco Brandi and Francesca Inaudi. The narrative is set in Milan.
Kristin Cooper is a female from the United States. She was born on July 19, 1956. She is a lawyer who graduated from the University of Oklahoma and currently resides in Rocky Mount, North Carolina.
Yekaterina Marennikova was born on 29 April 1982 in Saint Petersburg. She represented Russia at the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.
The Van Donge & De Roo Stadion in the Government of Rotterdam, Netherlands is owned by SBV Excelsior. The stadium was opened on 23 July 1902 and is a soccer-specific stadium.
The Luxemburger Wort is a daily newspaper in Luxembourg, owned by Saint-Paul Luxembourg. It is a periodical literature publication from Luxembourg, founded on March 23, 1848.
Leigh Tudor (born 25 September 1969) is a male Australian rules football player who played for the North Melbourne Football Club and the Geelong Football Club.
James Okwuosa, a Nigerian male, was born in Lagos on 14 September 1990. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Randika Galhenage was born in Colombo on 14 August 1978. She is a cricketer from Sri Lanka and is a female athlete who plays the sport of Cricket.
Diana, a biographical film, was produced by Le Pacte and was produced by Douglas Rae. Diana was distributed by Entertainment One. The film stars Juliet Stevenson and Naveen Andrews.
Evan Dimas was born in Surabaya, Indonesia on 13 March 1995. He is a male football player who plays Association football.
Deathstalker Rebellion is a science fiction novel written by Simon R. Green and published by Victor Gollancz Ltd in the United Kingdom in 1996.
Bernard Pierce, whose surname is Pierce, is a human being from the United States. He played as a running back for the Baltimore Ravens.
Tan White, a female basketball player from the United States, was born in Tupelo, Mississippi on September 27, 1982. She is a basketball player.
Pink Hill Airport is located in North Carolina, United States. It is an airport and was established on January 8, 1963. The airport is named after Pink Hill, North Carolina and serves the transport hub of Pink Hill, North Carolina.
Everything's on Ice was made by RKO Pictures and distributed by RKO Pictures. The film's cast includes George Meeker, Wade Boteler and Sol Lesser. The film was originally shown in English.
Viktor Bolikhov was born on 01 December 1983 in Russia. He is a male football player and a citizen of Russia. He plays association football and is a member of FC CFKiS Lobnya.
Cyril Bagnost is a male athlete from Épernay, France, born on January 24, 1985. He is a citizen of France and a member of the Racing Club de France Football team.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot (Casa Grande, Pinal County, Arizona) is in the United States. The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot was a train station operated by the Southern Pacific Transportation Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was dissolved in 2009.
Humberto Ramos was born in Mexico on November 27, 1970. He is a painter, comics artist, and illustrator.
Gregg Blundell, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Liverpool on October 3, 1977. He is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Malo Vaga is a man from Samoa. He was born on 12 April 1965. Malo Vaga is a football player and also a football manager. He was born in Samoa.
Alfred Enoch is a film actor, television actor, and actor from London, Brazil. He was born on 2 December 1988.
They Just Had to Get Married is a 1933 film. The film is of the genre Comedy film. The director was Edward Ludwig. The cast member was Slim Summerville. The screenwriter was Preston Sturges.
Jeon Hye-sook was born in Chilgok County, South Korea on 05 May 1955. She graduated from Yeungnam University and is a politician. She is a woman.
Lorna Tolentino was born in Concepcion, Tarlac on 23 December 1961. She is a female actor and comedian from the Philippines.
Fist City is a country music album by Loretta Lynn, released in 1968 on Decca Records. It was produced by Owen Bradley.
Ground Control is a video game. It is a video game. It was released on June 1, 2000. It is a real-time tactics video game. It was published by Sierra Entertainment. It was developed by Massive Entertainment. It is available for Microsoft Windows.
All the Rage has an edition called All the Rage. The novel was written by F. Paul Wilson and published in July 2000 in the United States. It is a novel, a written work, and originates from the United States.
P. Rajendran, a male, was born in Kollam, India on 28 August 1949. He is a politician.
Kaori Nazuka was born in Tokyo, Japan on 24 April 1985. She is a Japanese voice actor, child actor, and actor.
Luke Molyneux, born in Bishop Auckland on 29 March 1998, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Sunderland A.F.C.
Mike Spreitzer, a man, was born in Torrance, California, United States on 10 February 1981. He is a guitarist.
Pooja Khanna, a female archer from Haryana, India, was born on 19 November 1990. She won the gold medal at the Olympic Games.
Tod Sloan is a hockey player with the surname Sloan and given name Tod. He played ice hockey for the Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League and the Pittsburgh Hornets.
Erik Goeddel, whose family name is Goeddel, is a pitcher for the New York Mets in the United States. He was educated at The Nueva School.
Niklas Svedberg, a male ice hockey player, was born in Sollentuna Municipality, Sweden on September 4, 1989. He is a citizen of Sweden.
The General Office of the State Council was established in 1949 and is a government agency in China. It is headquartered in Beijing and its parent organization is the State Council of the People's Republic of China. It was formerly known as the Secretariat of the Government Administration Council.
Morningtown Ride is a folk music single by Malvina Reynolds, released in 1966 by Columbia Graphophone Company and produced by Tom Springfield.
The film Bullfighter and the Lady, starring John Hubbard and Katy Jurado, was produced by John Wayne and Budd Boetticher. The film was distributed by Republic Pictures.
Ma Sufen was born in China on January 28, 1987. She is a sport cyclist from China and a woman who participates in the cycle sport.
Damian Boeselager is a male who was educated at the University of Bayreuth and the Hertie School. He is a member of the Volt Europa party and a member of the European Parliament. He is employed by McKinsey & Company.
Ohlsdorf is a municipality in the Gmunden District of Austria. It is a rural municipality of Austria and borders the municipalities of Laakirchen and Gmunden.
The film Salto, directed by Tadeusz Konwicki, was released on 11 June 1965. The film's music is by Wojciech Kilar and stars Zbigniew Cybulski. The Polish language is used in the film.
The Tahitian Football Federation (founded 1989) is a sports governing body in France. It is located in Pirae and plays association football. It is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation.
Christine Blower was born in Surrey on 20 April 1951. She was educated at Tolworth Girls' School. She is a female trade unionist who held the position of Secretary.
Ontario Highway 534 is a road in Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1956 and is owned by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario.
Vasilis Metaxoulis was born in Katochi, Greece on 16 June 1995. He is a male football player and a citizen of Greece.
Dinuk Wikramanayaka, a male, was born in Kandy, Sri Lanka on 15 May 1994. He is a cricketer who plays the sport of Cricket.
Chieko Higuchi is a female singer and voice actress in Japan. She was born in Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan on 30 January 1981.
The Eisenhower Executive Office Building is located in Washington, D.C., United States. It was designed by Alfred B. Mullett and is a National Historic Landmark. The building forms part of the White House Complex.
Lidia Vitale, a female, was born in Rome, Italy, on 12 October 1972. She is an actor.
I'm Still Swinging is a jazz album by trumpeter Joe Newman, released in 1956 on RCA Records. It is the sequel to The Count's Men.
Jamie Hewitt (footballer) is a male football player from the United Kingdom, born in Chesterfield on May 17, 1968. He plays Association football.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orizaba, in Mexico, was established in 2000. It is located in Orizaba, Orizaba, and shares borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuacán.
Jason Gavadza is a male Canadian football player who was born on 31 January 1976. He is a citizen of Canada and was educated at the University of Toronto. Jason Gavadza is a member of the BC Lions.
Sean Conover, a male American football player, was born in Brockton, Massachusetts, United States on July 31, 1984. He is a citizen of the United States.
Shishir Hattangadi, a male cricketer, was born in Kolkata, India on July 30, 1961. He is a professional cricketer who plays Cricket.
Peter Pund was born in Augusta, Georgia and plays American football for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team. He is a male and plays as a center in gridiron football.
Manuela De Iuliis was born in Italy on 23 March 1991. She is a female sport cyclist and a human being.
Tai Shui Hang station is an elevated and metro station in Sha Tin District, China. It is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by the MTR Corporation.
Enrique Romero is a male football player from Spain who was born in Jerez de la Frontera on June 23, 1971. He was part of the Spain men's national football team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Speed Kings is a video game. The video game Speed Kings was published on 23 May 2003. Speed Kings is a racing video game. It is from the United Kingdom. Speed Kings is available for the Xbox console. Speed Kings was published by Acclaim Entertainment.
Odnoklassniki is a social networking service website in Russia that was created on 04 March 2006 and is owned by Mail.Ru. The company headquarters are in Moscow.
Mr. Nookayya is an action film from India which was released on January 1, 2012. The film's musical score is by Yuvan Shankar Raja and Manchu Manoj is a cast member.
Odoriba Station, located in Yokohama, Japan, is a metro station that was established in 1999 and also exists underground.
Ryan Esders was born in Kingston upon Hull on 20 October 1986. He is a rugby league player for London Broncos. He is a man.
Jens Karlsson, a male ice hockey player from Sweden, was born in Gothenburg on November 7, 1982. He plays ice hockey.
The Alchemy of Desire is a novel written by Tarun Tejpal and published by Ecco Press on 26 December 2006. It is a literary work and a novel.
Greasy Lake & Other Stories is written in English and published by Viking Press in the United States. It was written by T.C. Boyle and was published in 1985. It is a book.
A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night is a pop music album by Harry Nilsson. It was released in 1973 and produced by Derek Taylor. The record label is RCA Records.
The album Muse by Candy Lo was released in 2000 by Sony BMG. The album is an alternative rock album and was produced by Kubert Leung. Candy Lo is the performer.
Roznovanu Palace is a city hall located in Iași, Iași County, Romania. It is designated as a Monument istoric.
Six Degrees : Our Future on a Hotter Planet is an essay written by Mark Lynas and published by Fourth Estate in the United Kingdom in 2007.
RayForce is a video game published by Taito in 1993 in Japan. The music for RayForce was composed by Tamayo Kawamoto and it is available for Android.
Leandro Lacunza, a football player, was born in Punta Alta, Argentina on 21 July 1997. He is a male athlete who plays Association football.
Sheriddin Boboev was born in Tajikistan on 21 April 1999. He is a football player who plays for FC Istiklol as a forward.
Ken Watanabe was born in Uonuma, Japan on 21 October 1959. He is a film actor, stage actor, and television actor from Japan.
The 1st Venice International Film Festival was held in Venice, Italy in 1932. It was followed by the 2nd Venice International Film Festival. It is part of the Venice Film Festival series.
Tom Nilsson, a Swedish ice hockey player, was born in Tyresö Municipality on 19 August 1993. He is a male athlete who plays Ice hockey.
Mixed Nuts is a 1922 silent short film directed by James Parrott and produced by Samuel Bischoff. Stan Laurel was a star.
The Pointy End is an English TV series episode, which was broadcast on June 5th 2011. It was directed by Daniel Minahan, written by George R.R. Martin and has Ramin Djawadi as the composer.
The Final Countdown is a glam metal single from Europe, released by Epic Records on February 14th 1986.
Dushawne Simpson is a male football player from the United States, born on December 5, 1972. He is a citizen of the United States and played association football for Seacoast United Phantoms.
Hallsberg is a urban area in Sweden and the capital of Hallsberg Municipality. It is located in Kumla Municipality and Hallsberg Municipality.
Addys Mercedes is a musician, singer, and singer-songwriter from Moa, Cuba. She was born in Cuba on January 1, 1973.
The novel Prester John, written by John Buchan, is an English language adventure novel. It was published by William Blackwood in 1910.
Gary Fan was born in British Hong Kong on 30 October 1966. He graduated from the Academy of Art University and is a politician. Mr. Fan is a man from Hong Kong.
Yu Hasegawa, a male football player from Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan, was born on July 5, 1987. He is a citizen of Japan and plays Association football.
Always and Forever is a single by Kostas Martakis, released on January 1, 2008 by Sony BMG. The song is a pop music single and was produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos.
Not on Our Watch is a nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles, United States. The organization was founded by Don Cheadle.
The Arthur Ashe Stadium is a stadium in the United States, owned by the United States Tennis Association. It is located within the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, and is part of it. The stadium is used for the sport of Tennis.
GNR is a rock and pop band from Portugal. The band was formed in 1981. The band's genre is punk rock and they are signed to EMI.
Amal Allana was born in Mumbai, India on 14 September 1947. She is a female theatre director. She graduated from the National School of Drama.
Chioma Ubogagu is a female football player. She was born in London on 10 September 1992. She is a citizen of the United States and the United Kingdom.
Stan O'Neill, born on 6 January 1932, is a male Australian rules football player who played for the Sydney Swans. His given name is Stan. He played Australian rules football.
Sealed Hearts is a 1919 film from the United States, directed by Ralph Ince, which is in the English language and is a drama film.
The City of Moonee Valley is a local government in Victoria, Australia. Its capital is Moonee Ponds, Victoria, and it was created on January 1, 1994. It is located in Victoria, Australia and shares a border with the City of Maribyrnong.
Pat Crow, a male tennis player from the United States, was born in California on April 11, 1966. He is a tennis player.
The United States is the origin of Doom: Annihilation, which was distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. The main cast includes Lorina Kamburova, Amy Manson and Luke Allen-Gale. The original language of the film is English.
Honey, a song by Moby, was composed by Moby and Bessie Jones, and also by Alan Lomax. The song is from the United States and is in the English language.
Seiloni Iaruel was born in Vanuatu on 17 April 1995. He is a male football player from Vanuatu who plays Association football.
Roberth Björknesjö was born in Stockholm, Sweden on 30 April 1973. He is a male football player and manager, also from Sweden.
Elizabeth Manu, a netballer, was born in Wellington, New Zealand on 16 September 1986. She is a female athlete who competes in the sport of Netball.
Konoura Station, which is operated by East Japan Railway Company, is located in Nikaho, Akita, Japan. The station was established on 30 June 1922 and is a train station on the Uetsu Main Line.
The comedy-drama Three in the Attic was produced by Richard Wilson and distributed by American International Pictures. It stars Christopher Jones and Judy Pace. The original language of the film is English.
Fling in the Ring is a 1955 comedy film directed by Jules White and written by Clyde Bruckman. It stars Moe Howard.
Renan da Silva Costa, a male football player from Brazil, was born in Campina Grande on 4 September 1987. He is a football player in the Association football genre.
The drama film Transit, directed by Hannah Espia, was released on 27 July 2013 and features Irma Adlawan. It has a Kijkwijzer rating of 9.
Penmani Aval Kanmani, a 1983 film starring Pratap K. Pothen, was directed by Visu and written by Visu. The music of the film is composed by Sankar Ganesh.
The film Yolki 3 was released on 26 December 2013. It was directed by Levan Gabriadze and stars Ivan Urgant, Anton Bogdanov. The film's score was composed by Nikolai Fomenko.
The Ryan Center is owned by the University of Rhode Island and operated by Comcast Spectacor. The building is located in the city of Rhode Island, United States and is occupied by the Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team.
Texas State Highway 163 (state road number 163) is a road located in Texas, United States. The Texas Department of Transportation is the owner of the state highway, which was created in 1930 and is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Connor Gordon was born in Huntington Beach, California on 11 September 1996. He is an association football player who plays as a forward for Orange County SC.
The Siege of El Arish was part of the French campaign in Egypt and Syria. The Siege of El Arish was an instance of a siege. It took place in Egypt, specifically in Arish. The siege began on 11 February 1799 and ended on 19 February 1799.
Ahmad Nivins, a male basketball player from the United States, was born in Jersey City, New Jersey on February 10, 1987. He is a citizen of the United States.
Ma Xichong was born in Changsha on 01 January 0912 and is a male human being. He is a politician and his father is Ma Yin.
Iowa Highway 150 is a road in the United States, specifically located in Iowa. It is owned by the Iowa Department of Transportation and is part of the Iowa Primary Highway System. The Iowa Department of Transportation is also responsible for maintaining the highway.
Andy Reece was born on 5 September 1962 in the United Kingdom. He is a male football player who played for Bristol Rovers F.C. and is associated with association football.
Andre Agassi Tennis is a sports video game from the United States, released on March 31, 1994 for the Sega Genesis in ROM cartridge format.
Detective School Dropouts is a comedy film written by David Landsberg. It stars George Eastman, Giancarlo Prete and Lorin Dreyfuss. The film was produced by Yoram Globus.
102 Minutes is a nonfiction book written by Jim Dwyer, published by Times Books in the United States in January 2005.
Paul Butler, a boxer from the United Kingdom, was born in Chester on November 11, 1988. He is a male boxer who competes in the sport of Boxing.
Jonathan Zwikel was born in the Brussels metropolitan area on July 16, 1975. He is a male ice hockey player from Belgium who participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Aizkraukle Station in Aizkraukle, Latvia is operated by Latvian Railways. The station was opened in 1919 and is a train station.
Steve Mandanda is a male football player from Kinshasa, born on March 28, 1985. He is a citizen of France and was part of the 2008-09 UEFA Champions League.
Geoff Collier, born in Blackpool on 25 July 1950, is an association football player who played as a forward for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Arnold G. Kluge was a zoologist and herpetologist born on January 1, 1935, in the United States. He was a man and a citizen of the United States. He worked at the University of Michigan.
JellyRoll is a rapper from the United States who was born on December 4, 1986 in Nashville, Tennessee. JellyRoll is a male human being.
The TV show Minuta slavy was presented by Alexander Oleshko and originally aired on Channel One Russia. It started on 17 February 2007 and ended on 29 April 2017. The production company behind the show is Soho Media and the original language is Russian.
Norberg Municipality is situated in Västmanland County, Sweden. It was created in 1971 and it has a border with Hedemora Municipality.
Robertstown GFC is a sports club in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland. Robertstown GFC was founded in 1919 and they play Gaelic football.
Rahul Mahajan was born in Ambajogai, India on 25 July 1975. He is a male artist from Mumbai, India.
Darryl Worley's album is a country music album. It was released in 2004 and was produced by Frank Rogers. The record label is DreamWorks Records and the performer is Darryl Worley.
Javagal Srinath was born in Mysore, India on 31 August 1969. He is a male cricketer and a citizen of India.
The Riverside Municipal Auditorium is a performing arts center in Riverside, California, United States. The building was constructed in 1929. The Opera company Live Nation is the operator of the auditorium.
Guardians 4 is a rock and pop band from Japan, that was formed in 2009. Their members are Aika Mitsui and the band's genre is pop music.
Filip Mingotti, a male ice hockey player, was born in Sweden on December 18, 1993. He is a citizen of Sweden and plays the sport of Ice hockey.
The Plough Publishing House, founded by Eberhard Arnold in 1920, is located in Walden, New York, United States. The company is owned by Bruderhof Communities.
Matt Doran is an actor from Australia. He was born in Sydney on 30 March 1976. He is a film actor, television actor, and actor.
Haygrove School, which was established on July 1, 2011, is a secondary school in Bridgwater, Somerset, United Kingdom. It is located in the administrative territory of Somerset and is an English school.
Valentina is a 2008 film from Argentina. The film was directed by Eduardo Gondell and was released on 01 January 2008. The original language of the film is Spanish.
The film People of Rome was released in 2003 and 2005. The film's music was composed by Armando Trovajoli. The cast includes Fabio Ferrani and Nanni Moretti.
Bratty Babies, from Canada, is produced by Shawn Williamson. The film was originally made in English and was distributed by Saban Entertainment. Capital Arts Entertainment is the production company of Bratty Babies.
David Mitov Nilsson, a male football player from Sweden, was born in Norrköping on January 12, 1991. He is a football player in the Association football genre.
Gilbert Rozon is a male television presenter and talent manager from Canada, born in Montreal on October 26, 1954.
The film Gung Ho was released in 1986. Its musical score was composed by Thomas Newman. The film stars Clint Howard and Rick Overton, and was directed by Ron Howard.
The Davis Wade Stadium is a stadium located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States. It is owned by Mississippi State University and operated by the same institution. The stadium is the home of the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
Simran Kaur Mundi is a model, born in Mumbai, India on 13 September 1988. She is also a beauty pageant contestant and an actor.
The Fiat 508 is manufactured by Fiat Automobiles and is an A-segment car model. It was preceded by the Fiat 509 and was followed by the Fiat 1100.
Virgilio Rodríguez Beteta was a historian and a lawyer from Guatemala City, Guatemala. He was born on March 10, 1885, and died on March 23, 1967.
Juan Redondo was born in Camas, Seville, Spain. He was born on either 16 or 17 January 1977. He is a male football player from Spain.
Arnhem Centraal railway station in Arnhem, Netherlands is a train station owned by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and was opened on May 14, 1845. It was first established on January 1, 1845.
Harry Roy is a male jazz musician from the United Kingdom. His given name is Harry and his family name is Roy. He is a citizen of the United Kingdom and his genre is Jazz.
The Liberty Bell Classic is an athletics meeting that took place in July 1980 in the United States. The Liberty Bell Classic is part of the sport of athletics.
On the Fire is a silent film from the United States. It stars Marie Mosquini and Bebe Daniels, and was produced by Hal Roach. The film is in the public domain.
Dean Edward Johnson is a male from the United States. He was born in Atlanta on 15 July 1950. Mr. Johnson is a prosecutor who graduated from Yale University.
Campbell Best, a male, was born in the Cook Islands on March 12, 1986. He is a citizen of the Cook Islands and plays football, a sport.
Sidney Moraes was born in Ituiutaba, Brazil on 3 March 1977. He is a male football player and manager, also from Brazil.
The Secret Orchard is a United States silent film distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was produced by Jesse L. Lasky. Homer Scott was the director of photography. The original language of the film is English.
The Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata is an association football club located in La Plata, Argentina. It was founded on 3 June 1887 and plays in the Argentine Primera División league. It is a football club.
Jillian Smythe, whose real name is Jillian Smythe, was born in Dublin on 19 December 1985. She played cricket for Ireland women's national cricket team.
Jens Wahl was born in East Germany on 24 July 1966. He is a former male football player from Germany, who was also a citizen of East Germany.
Kodak Alaris, a business and an enterprise, is a private company limited by shares in the photo industry and is located in Hemel Hempstead. It was founded in 2013.
Brian Lavender, a male ice hockey player from Canada, was born in Edmonton on April 20, 1947. He is a former ice hockey player.
Josh Robinson is a male basketball player. He was born in St. Louis on March 13, 1996. He plays basketball and is a member of the Austin Peay Governors.
Scaredy Cat is a Merrie Melodies comedy horror film from the U.S. It was produced by Edward Selzer. It originates from English. It is distributed by Warner Bros.
John Scott, born in 1928, was a Canadian ice hockey player who was a member of the East York Lyndhursts. He was a male ice hockey player.
DubVision is an electro house musical duo from the Netherlands, formed in 2010. They are from the Netherlands and are signed to Spinnin' Records.
Chwalfa is a novel written by Thomas Rowland Hughes in Welsh. It was published by Gomer Press.
The Captive Temple is a novel written by Jude Watson, published by Scholastic Corporation in the United States on April 1, 2000.
The Duke Spirit is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. They were formed on January 1, 2003, and are signed to Fiction Records. The band's genre is a combination of Alternative rock and Garage rock.
Max Osborne, a male, was born in Orsett, United Kingdom on November 21, 1990. He is a cricketer.
Dalian Airlines is a Chinese airline based in Dalian, China. The airline was founded in 2011 and has its hub at Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport. Its parent organization is Air China.
Parkside School, Cullingworth is a secondary school located in Cullingworth, City of Bradford, United Kingdom. It is a foundation school established on September 1, 2000.
The film Hangup was released in 1974. Its musical score was composed by Tony Camillo. The film stars Cliff Potts and Herbert Jefferson Jr. and was directed by Henry Hathaway.
Ma Boyong, a male novelist, was born in Chifeng, China on December 14, 1980.
Kirk Bowman, a male ice hockey player from Canada, was born in Leamington, Ontario on September 30, 1952. He is a professional ice hockey player.
Holy Diver is a heavy metal song by Dio, released in August 1983. It is a single from the album Holy Diver and is a song.
Tone magazine was founded in January 1999 in New Zealand. It is a magazine and was published in October 1999. It is published by Parkside Media.
Merlin's Ring is a speculative fiction novel written by H. Warner Munn, published by Ballantine Books in the United States in June 1974.
The 2015 Aegon Classic - Singles was a tennis event that was part of the 2015 Aegon Classic, held in the United Kingdom, in the year 2015, and was a women's singles competition.
Illusion and Reality is a non-fiction literature book written by Christopher Caudwell, published by Macmillan Publishers in the United Kingdom in 1937.
Graham Barrow was born in Chorley, United Kingdom on 13 June 1954. He is a football player and manager, also from the United Kingdom, and is a man.
Jenny Morrison, a female nurse, was born in Canterbury, New South Wales, Australia on 8 January 1968. Her given name is Jenny.
Ross McKenzie, a male football player from Dundee, Scotland, was born on 16 March 1983. He is a citizen of New Zealand and plays Association football.
The Lackey and the Lady, a silent film from the United Kingdom, was produced by the British Actors Film Company. It was written by Tom Gallon and Roy Travers was a cast member. The language of the film is English.
Chaste Susanne is a 1926 comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg, starring Otto Wallburg and Jean Gilbert.
Inoka Ranaweera was born in Balapitiya, Sri Lanka on 18 February 1986. She is a female cricketer from Sri Lanka.
The Bookshop is a novel from the United Kingdom published by Gerald Duckworth in 1978, written by Penelope Fitzgerald.
Keith Davis is the surname Davis and the given name Keith. He is a defensive back for the Miami Dolphins and Oakland Raiders, and he is from the United States.
Jacek Kurski, a member of the Law and Justice party, holds the position of Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland and Member of the European Parliament. He was awarded the Cross of Freedom and Solidarity.
The TV series X Factor India was created by Simon Cowell. The show is based in India and the original language is Hindi. It began broadcasting on 29 May 2011 and is produced by Fremantle.
Bob Newland was born on October 27, 1948 in the United States. He is an American football player who played for the New Orleans Saints. He is a man.
Rick Ladson, born on 18 February 1984, is a male Australian rules football player who played for the Hawthorn Football Club. His given name is Rick.
Mihaela Buzărnescu, a Romanian tennis player, was born in Bucharest on May 4, 1988. She is a woman who plays the sport of Tennis.
The Walsh County Courthouse, located in North Dakota, United States, was designed by Theodore B. Wells in the Art Deco style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Indiana (novel) was written by George Sand in France and was published in April 1832. It is a novel, a literary work, and was created in 1832.
SV 19 Straelen is a German association football club located in Straelen. The club was founded in 1919 and plays Association football.
The 1911 silent short drama film The Battle was written by D.W. Griffith, directed by D.W. Griffith and starred Charles West.
Kentucky Route 79 is a road in Kentucky, United States. It is owned by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and maintained by the same entity. The road is part of the Numbered highways in Kentucky system.
Anna Umemiya is a model from Tokyo, Japan. She was born on 20 August 1972. She is a fashion model and tarento, which is a type of Japanese celebrity.
Svetlana Lipatova, a female freestyle wrestler from Russia, was born in Kazan on 19 February 1993. She competes in the sport of freestyle wrestling and is an amateur wrestler.
The Murarai railway station in Birbhum district, India is a train station owned by Indian Railways. It was established in 1866 and officially opened in 1866.
John Curry, an ice hockey player from the United States, was born in Shorewood, Minnesota on February 27, 1984. He is a male ice hockey player.
The Mayor of Christchurch is a Mayor, a position that is located in Christchurch, New Zealand. The office of the Mayor of Christchurch was established on June 10, 1868, and applies to the jurisdiction of Christchurch.
Paolo Facchinetti, a male, was born in Calcinate, Italy on 6 March 1984. He is a football player and a citizen of Italy who plays Association football.
Argentum Fondsinvesteringer is a Norwegian business located in Bergen. It is an instance of a business and is an investment fund in the investment industry. It was founded on October 1, 2001 and is a legal form of Aksjeselskap.
The Gran Hotel Montesol Ibiza is a hotel in Ibiza, Spain. It was established on January 1, 1933 and officially opened on June 4, 1933. The hotel is owned by Hilton Worldwide.
Archie Bunker's Place was created by Norman Lear and starred Anne Meara and Danielle Brisebois. The series was distributed by ELP Communications and originally aired on CBS, starting on September 23rd, 1979.
Spinning Around is a house music single by Kylie Minogue, released on June 19th 2000. It is part of the Light Years album and is a song.
Gondwana Choirs, located in Sydney, Australia, is a choir founded by Lyn Williams in 1989 and managed by Lyn Williams.
The House of Stuart, which was founded by Robert II of Scotland in 1371, is a royal house in the Kingdom of Scotland. It is a part of the Clan Stewart of Appin.
Polina Leykina, a Russian tennis player, was born in Moscow on 20 September 1994. She is a female athlete who plays the sport of Tennis.
Nandana Sen was born in Kolkata, India on 19 August 1967. She is a film producer, screenwriter, and actor.
Kyoga Nakamura, a male football player, was born in Funabashi, Japan on 25 April 1996. He is a citizen of Japan and plays Association football.
Libby Copus-Brown, a female football player, was born in Australia on November 10, 1997. She is a citizen of Australia and plays Association football.
Daam Foulon was born in Mechelen, Belgium on 23 March 1999. He is a male football player who plays Association football.
Mutsuna Station, located in Okazaki, Aichi, Japan, is a train station that was opened on 31 January 1988 and is connected to the Aichi Loop Line.
Bank Error in Your Favour is a film from France, originally in French. It was written by Gérard Bitton, starring Roger Dumas and Gérard Lanvin. The film is set in Paris.
Dexter Holland is a human being. He is a virologist and a composer. He is associated with punk rock music and is signed to Epitaph Records. He studied at the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
Amanda Nunes was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil on 30 May 1988. She is a female mixed martial artist and judoka.
High There is a 2015 documentary film directed by and starring Wayne Darwen, who also wrote the screenplay.
Soil is an American hard rock band formed in 1997 in Chicago, U.S. The band is signed to the record label DRT Entertainment.
Sirens Stadium is a stadium located in St. Paul's Bay, Malta. It was established in 1970 and is owned and operated by Sirens F.C.
Stuttgart-Weilimdorf station is a train station in Stuttgart, Germany. It was opened on December 3, 1988 and is part of the Stuttgart S-Bahn line. It is a train station.
The 1998 Eurocard Open was a tennis tournament in Germany that had a singles event.
Guy A. Lepage was born in Montreal, Canada on 30 August 1960. He is a television producer, television presenter, and actor. He is a citizen of Canada.
Vasili Pavlov is a Russian football player who plays as a forward for FC Rubin-2 Kazan and FC Dacia Chișinău.
Jonas van Genechten, a man, was born in Lobbes, Belgium on 16 September 1986. He is a male sport cyclist.
Knot Gneiss is a speculative fiction novel written by Piers Anthony and published by Tor Books in the United States on 12 October 2010.
Wolverhampton Wanderers FC play in the Premier League, are based in Wolverhampton, and play at Molineux Stadium. They are an association football club who were in the 1889 FA Cup Final.
Something Breathing is a poetry collection written by Stanley McNail, published by Arkham House in the United States in 1965.
Pepa Poch, a female artist, was born in Barcelona, Spain. Her birthdate is unclear.
Iwakuni Station, in Iwakuni, Japan, is a train station which was opened on 25 September 1897. It is part of the San'yo Main Line. However, the date of official opening mentioned is 1 January 1897, which seems to be incorrect given the inception date.
Yashio Station, in Yashio, Saitama, Japan, is a train station which was opened on 01 January 2005 and is connected to the Tsukuba Express line.
The Shenzhou 1 spacecraft was launched on November 19, 1999 from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center. It is operated by China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation and is part of the Shenzhou program. The launch vehicle was the Long March 2F.
Mick Heath, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Hillingdon on 9 January 1953. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Raksha Khadase was born on 13 May 1987 in India. She is a politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party. She was a member of the 17th Lok Sabha and was the first woman to be a member of the Lok Sabha.
Saskatchewan Highway 303 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada, which is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan). It is part of the roads in Saskatchewan.
Pete Smith, a male, was born in the United Kingdom on May 1, 1944. He is a sport cyclist from the United Kingdom.
Robin Gladwin, born in Harlow on 12 August 1940, is an association football player who played as a defender for Norwich City FC.
The Steamer is a jazz album by Stan Getz, released in 1957. The album was produced by Norman Granz and was recorded by Verve Records.
Ilias Manikas was born in Greece on 11 May 1980. He is a football player and a citizen of Greece. He is a male who plays Association football.
Edgar Varela, born on 2 March 1996 in Portugal, is a male athlete from Portugal who competes in men's sports.
The album Deceptive Bends was released in 1977 by the band 10cc, who are signed to Mercury Records. The album is a progressive pop album and was also produced by 10cc.
Jutta Weber was born in Hamm, Germany on June 28th, 1954. She was a female swimmer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, specifically in the Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay event.
Lost Youth is a film from Italy. It was originally made in Italian language. The film was produced by Carlo Ponti and Lux Film, which is also the production company. Lux Film distributed the film.
Cody Fajardo, a human being, plays American football for the Nevada Wolf Pack football team. He is a quarterback and graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno.
Johnny Walker ( footballer, born 1973 ) is a human being. His surname is Walker ( surname ). He is a midfielder for Mansfield Town F.C. and also a midfielder for Mansfield Town F.C.
Na Maloom Afraad is a 2014 comedy thriller film directed by Nabeel Qureshi (director). The film stars Fahad Mustafa and was composed by Sabir Zafar. It was released in August 2014.
Christakis Christoforou, a male, was born in Cyprus on 26 January 1964. He is a citizen of Cyprus and plays Association football.
Nightrise is a thriller and speculative fiction novel written by Anthony Horowitz, published in the United Kingdom on 02 April 2007.
Nurettin Canikli was born in Alucra, Turkey on 15 May 1960. He graduated from the University of Sheffield and is a politician. Mr. Canikli is a man.
The Bunkyo Civic Center in Tokyo, Japan, is a skyscraper designed by Nikken Sekkei. It was opened in 1994.
Olga Gorshenina was born in Tolyatti, Russia on November 9, 1990. She is a female handball player and a member of the HC Kuban Krasnodar team.
Saulo Fernandes, a man, was born in Barreiras, Brazil on 9 September 1977. He is a singer.
Betty Castor was born in Glassboro, New Jersey on May 11, 1941. She is a woman and a politician. Additionally, she is a teacher.
Newton Cardoso was born on 22 May 1938 in Brumado, Brazil. He is a male politician and was a Brazilian federal deputy.
David Celermajer is a cardiologist born in Sydney, Australia on 08 December 1961. He graduated from Sydney Grammar School and is a man. Mr. Celermajer is an Australian citizen.
Tatum Airport is located in New Mexico, United States. It is an airport and was established on January 6, 1958. The airport is named after Tatum, New Mexico and serves the transport hub of the same location.
Plymouth railway station is in Plymouth, United Kingdom. The station is operated by the Great Western Railway and is located on the Cornish Main Line. The line is part of the Exeter-Plymouth Line.
The Gentleman Misbehaves is a musical film from the United States, released in 1946. It was directed by George Sherman and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Patrice Siolo, a male, was born in Auckland on 23 February 1994. He is a rugby league player and a citizen of New Zealand.
Richard Bloom, a member of the California Democratic Party, is a human being who resides in Sacramento, California. He is known by the name Richard and speaks the English language.
Ricky Greenough, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Mexborough on May 30, 1961. He is a football player who participates in the sport of Association football.
Cha Hwa-yeon is a film actor born in South Korea on 27 December 1960. She is a woman from South Korea and graduated from Seoul Arts High School.
Robert Eckels (born Robert) is a member of the Republican party of the United States. He was born in Austin, Texas. He graduated from the University of Houston and is a member of the Texas House of Representatives.
Marco Reus is a male football player from Germany who was born in Dortmund on May 31st, 1989. He was part of the UEFA Euro 2012.
The film High Explosive was released in 1943. It was directed by Frank McDonald. Maxwell Shane wrote the screenplay and Chester Morris starred. Daniele Amfitheatrof composed the music for the film.
Blair Riley, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Kamloops on November 1, 1985. He is a male ice hockey player from Canada.
FlingSmash is a video game from Japan, released on November 7, 2010. It is an action game and was published by Nintendo for the Wii.
The United States Springfield Municipal Airport is located in South Dakota. The airport was established on January 4, 1964. The airport is named after the city of Springfield, South Dakota and serves the transport hub of the same name.
Yury Kazlow played for FC Minsk from an unknown start time until an unknown end time. He also played for FC Minsk-2 from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and was acquired by FC Minsk-2 in an unknown transaction.
Eugenio Calderón was born on May 21, 1963 in Mexico. He is a male football player who played for Tigres UANL, a Mexican football team.
W. Benton Evans, a politician from Canada, was born on 18 January 1882, in Fredericton. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick. He was a man of great ability.
Yayoi Kobayashi was born in Tama, Tokyo, Japan on September 18th 1981. She is a female football player who was a participant of the 2004 Summer Olympics.
TG Viktoria Augsburg is an association football club in Augsburg, Germany. The club was founded in 1897 and is located in Augsburg, Germany. They play Association football.
In Watermelon Sugar is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel written by Richard Brautigan, published in the United States on 14 June 1968.
Ahmed Talbi, a male football player from Berkane, Morocco, was born on August 18, 1981. He is a citizen of Morocco and plays Association football.
Omonigho Temile, a male football player, was born in Lagos, Nigeria on October 30, 1984. He is a citizen of Nigeria.
The album Fantasy by Jay Chou was released in 2001 under the record label Sony Music. It is a Mandopop album and was produced by Jay Chou himself.
Frozen Land is a 2005 film starring Matleena Kuusniemi and Sulevi Peltola, directed by Aku Louhimies. It was released on January 1, 2005 and January 14, 2005.
Henry Casimir II, Prince of Nassau-Dietz, who was a male, had the given name Henri and was a Count. He worked in Leeuwarden and was buried in Leeuwarden. His father was William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz.
Natália Lage was born in Niterói, Brazil on 30 October 1978. She is a female actor.
1830: Railroads & Robber Barons is a video game that was developed by Simtex and published by Avalon Hill. The game is available for DOS and was published in 1995 in the United States.
EXFO is a business in the telecommunication industry, located in Quebec City, Canada. EXFO was founded in 1985 and is also located in Quebec City.
Pioneer Coal Limited is a company located in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada. The company is a company in the mining industry and was founded in 1980.
Angela Ridgeon was born in the United Kingdom. She is a female actor and human from the United Kingdom.
Giorgio Rasulo, a male football player, was born in Banbury, United Kingdom on 23 January 1997. He is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays Association football.
Sandra Madgwick was born in Taplow on 07 March 1963. She is a ballet dancer and dancer. She was educated at the Royal Ballet School and is a woman.
Clifford Durr was a human being who was a male. He was educated at The Queen's College, Oxford and the University of Alabama. He was awarded the Rhodes Scholarship. His given name was Clifford.
Eric M. Fowler, a male musician, was born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, United States on 2 March 1968.
Original Plumbing was published in the United States. It was founded in January 2009 and published in September 2009. It was edited by Amos Mac.
Live! Visions of Europe is a live album by Stratovarius, a power metal band, released on July 7, 1998, on Noise Records. It is the sequel to The Past and Now.
Patrick Nys, a football player from Belgium, was born in Turnhout on January 25, 1969. He is a man.
Patrik Gunnarsson, born in Iceland on 15 November 2000, is an association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Brentford FC.
Microcosmos is a nature documentary film directed by Claude Nuridsany and Marie Pérennou. It is a documentary film and was produced by Christophe Barratier for Miramax.
The City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited is the operator of the Bankside Power Station in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom. The station was designed by Giles Gilbert Scott and is an oil-fired power station.
Quantum Psychology is an English book written by Robert Anton Wilson, published in 1990. The book is about consciousness and was written in the United States.
The Man Who Fights Alone is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and starring Edward Everett Horton and George Irving. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Adolph Zukor.
Michael Quinn, known as Micky Quinn, is an association football forward who plays for Portsmouth F.C. and Reading F.C.
ShortCutz Amsterdam is a film festival and organization located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It was founded in 2013 in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Naive John, a male, was born on 18 October 1962 in the United Kingdom. He is a painter and a citizen of the United Kingdom. He studied at Liverpool John Moores University.
Oklahoma State Highway 79 is a road in Oklahoma, United States, owned by the Oklahoma Department of Transportation and maintained by the same entity. It is part of the numbered highways in Oklahoma.
Lauren Kinsella, a female, was born in Dublin, Republic of Ireland in 1983. She is a singer.
Xhevdet Shabani was born in Kaçanik, Albania on 10 October 1986. He is a male football player and a citizen of Albania.
Ernst Burger, a musicologist, was born in Munich, Germany on 26 March 1937. He is a pianist, music critic, and non-fiction writer.
When the People Fell is a Science fiction book written by Cordwainer Smith and published by Baen Books in the United States in September 2007.
The film No Down Payment was released in 1957. It was directed by Martin Ritt and features Sheree North and Patricia Owens in key roles. The film's musical score is by Leigh Harline.
Granrodeo is an anison rock band which was formed in 2005 in Tokyo. Its member is Kisho Taniyama and it is signed to the record label Lantis.
Nicole Killian, a female artist, was born in Buffalo, New York, United States on 16 September 1982. Her given name is Nicole.
Imoh Ezekiel is a male football player from Nigeria who was born in Lagos on October 24th, 1993. He was part of the Nigeria men's national football team at the Football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Nico and the Niners is a song by Twenty One Pilots, written by Tyler Joseph and composed by Tyler Joseph. It was released in 2018.
The University of Missouri - Kansas City, Kansas is a public educational institution in the United States. The University of Missouri was founded in 1933 and its parent organization is the University of Missouri System.
Emily van Egmond was a member of the Western New York Flash team. The team acquired Emily van Egmond from Western New York Flash in an unknown date. Emily van Egmond started playing for Western New York Flash in an unknown date.
You'd Be Surprised is a silent film written by Robert Benchley and produced by Jesse L. Lasky for Famous Players-Lasky. The cast includes Dorothy Sebastian and Earle Williams.
Marco Di Lauro was born in Naples, Italy on 16 June 1980. He is a male Italian citizen. He is a human being.
Linnea Olsson, a female, was born in Sweden in 1983. She is a singer-songwriter from Sweden.
The Body Wishes Tour was a concert tour by Rod Stewart, which took place from 25 May 1983 to 7 August 1983. It was a concert tour, following the Worth Leavin' Home For Tour and preceding the Camouflage Tour.
Roberto Mirri, born on August 21, 1978, in Imola, Italy, is a male football player from Italy who plays Association football.
The Chinese Convert is a 1687 portrait painting on canvas by Godfrey Kneller, located at Windsor Castle.
Michael Hennet Sotomayor was born in Tenerife, Spain on January 20, 1983. He is a male singer who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
Benfica TV is a television network in Portugal that is owned by S.L. Benfica. The channel was launched in 2008 and is located at the Estádio da Luz.
Northumberland Park Metro station is a train station in North Tyneside, United Kingdom. It is part of the Tyne and Wear Metro system and was opened in 2005.
Appenzeller Kantonalbank, a public-law institution, is a cantonal bank in the financial services industry in Switzerland. It was founded in 1899 and is located in Appenzell, a village in Switzerland.
The Archbishop Holgate's School is an English academy secondary school in the City of York, United Kingdom. It is an instance of a secondary school and an academy (English school). The school was founded by Robert Holgate on 1 April 2011.
Bill Stinchcomb was born on June 21, 1963 in Sarasota, Florida. He is a human being and actor.
Terminator Gene is a science fiction novel written by Ian Irvine and published by Simon & Schuster in Australia in 2003.
Mississippi Highway 21 is a road in Mississippi, United States, which is owned by the Mississippi Department of Transportation and is part of the Mississippi State Highway System. The road is maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation and is located in the state of Mississippi.
The 1996 Summer Olympics opening ceremony was held at the Centennial Olympic Stadium in the United States. It was part of the 1996 Summer Olympics, an instance of an event, and followed the 1992 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, leading up to the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
The English language animated short film Sugar and Spies was produced by David H. DePatie and directed by Robert McKimson. The film's musical score was by Walter Greene and was released on January 1, 1966.
Jane Bernstein, whose given name is Jane, graduated from Columbia University and Columbia University School of the Arts. She is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and was awarded the title of Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Jane Bernstein is a human being.
Rich Busa was born on October 30, 1929 in the United States. He is a male marathon runner who competes in the sport of athletics and is a human being.
Dmitri Zarva was born on June 15, 1985 in Russia. He is a male football player who plays association football and is a member of FC Krasnodar-2000.
Percy Damman, whose full name is Percy Damman, is a male who was educated at Melbourne Grammar School and plays Australian rules football. He is a human being.
Alexandros Tabakis was a member of the Charleston Battery team. The exact start and end times of his tenure with the team are unknown, but it is known that he was acquired by the team at some point.
Ri-Fi was a record label founded in Milan, Italy in 1959 by Giovanni Battista Ansoldi. The label was dissolved in 1980.
Santosh Lad is an Indian male politician who was born on 27 February 1975 in Sanduru, India. He is a citizen of India and has held the position of Member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the same response. If you have new data, I'll be happy to help.
René Berra was born in Switzerland on 13 February 1942. He was a male ice hockey player from Switzerland who participated in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Zhang Xinyi was born in Sichuan on May 29, 1981. She is a female actor who was educated at the Central Academy of Drama. Her family name is Zhang.
The West Japan Railway Company is the operator of the Nagato-Misumi Station in Nagato, Yamaguchi, Japan. The station was established on November 3rd, 1924 and is a train station on the San'in Main Line.
Sally Capp, a woman from Australia, was born in New Guinea. She is a business executive and politician. Capp graduated from Melbourne Law School.
Xavian Virgo, a football player, was born in Kingston, Jamaica on 25 October 1985. He is a male citizen of Jamaica and plays Association football.
Lucas Coelho, a Brazilian male, was born in Lages on July 20, 1994. He is a football player who specializes in Association football.
Bars and Melody is a hip hop and pop musical duo from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 2013 and are signed to Syco Music.
The Manisa Celal Bayar University was established in 1992 in Manisa, Turkey. It is a public university and uses the Turkish language. The university was created from Ege University.
Dengeki G's Magazine is a Japanese language magazine published by MediaWorks in Japan. The magazine was started on December 26, 1992 and was published until December 26, 2012.
Adriana Cardoso de Castro was born in Fortaleza, Brazil on 29 October 1990. She is a member of the Randers HK handball team and plays for the Brazilian women's national handball team.
Sandvikens AIK Fotboll is an association football club in Sweden. They were founded on 01 January 1901 and are located in Sandviken Municipality, Sandviken Municipality.
Ninetta Vad, a Hungarian canoeist, was born in Budapest on 1 January 1989. She is a female athlete who competes in the sport of canoeing and kayaking.
Serge Chiesa, a French football player, was born in Casablanca on December 25, 1950. He is a male athlete who plays Association football.
Mama Say is a hip hop song by Bloodhound Gang, released on May 16th, 1995. It is part of the album Dingleberry Haze and is a single.
El Primer beso is a 1958 film directed by Enrique Carreras. It is part of Enrique Carreras' filmography. The film stars Carlos Borsani and Olga Gatti.
The film My Brother Anastasia was released in 1973. It was directed by Steno (director) and stars Feodor Chaliapin Jr. and Maria Tedeschi. The musical score is by Piero Piccioni.
Thomas Paine is the author of the pamphlet entitled The Rights of Man, which was published in 1791. The book is written in English and is centered on the French Revolution.
Giuliano Pisani, a man, was born in Verona, Italy on 13 April 1950. He is a linguist.
The TV series episode Professor Chaos, written by Trey Parker, originates from the United States. It was first aired on 10 April 2002. The original language of the show is English.
Henry Bell Cisnero, a male from Cuba, was born on July 27, 1982. He is a volleyball player.
Larry Chester, born on October 17, 1975 in Hammond, Louisiana, is an American football player who played as a defensive tackle for the Indianapolis Colts.
Amine Khammas was born in Rumst on April 6, 1999. He is a male football player from Belgium.
OpenSUSE is a Linux distribution, specifically a free operating system, that was created in October 2005 by The openSUSE Project. It is available on the X86-64 platform and is a type of Unix-like system.
Sadeera Samarawickrama was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka on 3 August 1995. He is a male cricketer from Sri Lanka.
Yun Bing, a female human being, was born in Wujin District. She is an artist and a painter.
Mao: A Reinterpretation is a biography book written by Lee Feigon about Mao Zedong. It was published in 2002. Mao : A Reinterpretation is also a narrative history book.
Ludwig Haas was born in Eutin, Germany on 16 April 1933. He is a film actor, television actor, and actor from Germany.
The film Dhananjay was released on 11 August 2017. It was directed by Arindam Sil and stars Mir Afsar Ali and Anirban Bhattacharya. The music for the film was composed by Bickram Ghosh.
New York State Route 278 is a road in New York, United States, which is owned by the New York State Department of Transportation and is part of the Numbered highways in New York.
Premier Election Solutions is a business based in North Canton, Ohio, which was founded in 2002 and is a subsidiary of Dominion Voting Systems. The company produces voting machines.
Rudolf Seiters was born in Osnabrück, Germany on 01 January 1937. He is a politician and jurist. However, there is a discrepancy in his date of birth, which is also reported as 13 October 1937.
Matt Benning, born on May 25, 1994 in St. Albert, Alberta, is an ice hockey player who plays as a defenceman for the Edmonton Oilers.
Isabel Bayón Gamero was born in Seville, Spain on 13 May 1969. She is a choreographer, flamenco dancer, and dancer from Spain.
Marissa Nadler is a singer, guitarist, and singer-songwriter from Washington, D.C., born on April 5, 1981, in the United States.
The Fort Wadsworth Light is a lighthouse located in Staten Island, United States. It was established in 1903 and retired in 1965.
Le olimpiadi dei mariti is an Italian language film from Italy, distributed by Cineriz. The film features Hélène Chanel and Sandra Mondaini in the cast, and is set in Rome.
Vilimaina Davu was born on 15 January 1977 in New Zealand. She is a female netball player in the sport of Netball. Vilimaina Davu is a human being.
The Hong Kong Global Geopark is an urban park in China that was established in 2009. The Geopark is part of the Global Geoparks Network and is located in Hong Kong.
Emeralds GAA is a sports club in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1972 and they play Hurling.
The album Love Lessons by Tracy Byrd was released on July 18, 1995, under the record label MCA Records. The album is a country music album and was produced by Tony Brown.
Richard I. Winwood is a human being who was born in the United States on 18 January 1943. He is a male who graduated from Portland State University and is a businessperson.
Way Out Games is a television series that was directed by Richard S. Kline, originating from the United States. The series is a Game show that first aired on CBS on September 11th 1976.
Meera Deosthale was born in Vadodara, India on 16 November 1995. She is a female television actor and actor.
Hasan Bilal, a male football player, was born in Istanbul, Turkey on 12 March 1998. He is a citizen of Turkey and plays Association football.
The Battle of Cooch's Bridge took place on September 3rd, 1777 in Newark, Delaware, in the United States. The Battle of Cooch's Bridge was part of the American Revolutionary War.
The Cartoon is a television series episode which was first broadcast on January 29, 1998. It was directed by Andy Ackerman and written by Bruce Eric Kaplan. The language of the episode is English.
Elaine Ziemba, a Canadian politician, was born in 1942 in Toronto. She was a female politician and a member of Provincial Parliament in Canada.
Salalah SC is an association football club in Oman. Founded in 1981, they play in the Oman Professional League. Their home ground is the Al Saada Stadium.
Expect No Mercy is a hard rock album by the Scottish band Nazareth, released in November 1977 on A&M Records. The album was produced by Manny Charlton.
Malucha Pinto, a female, was born in Santiago, Chile on April 16, 1956. She is an actor from Chile.
Michael Warren was born in 1938 in the United Kingdom. He attended Wolverhampton Grammar School and is a painter. He lives in Nottingham. Mr. Warren is a man of many talents.
Alex Kouri is a male from Peru, born in Lima on 07 April 1964. He is both a lawyer and a politician.
Navin Chawla is a human being. He was educated at The Lawrence School, Sanawar and St. Stephen's College, Delhi. He is a Malayalam language speaker and has held the position of Chief Election Commissioner of India. His given name is Navin.
Matt DeMarchi is a human being who plays ice hockey in the United States. He is a defenceman for the Asiago Hockey 1935 team. His given name is Matthew.
Gary L. Browning was born on January 1, 1940, in the United States. He is a male linguist. He studied at Brigham Young University, which is also his employer.
Moez Echargui, a Tunisian male, was born in La Marsa on January 10, 1993. He is a tennis player who competes in the sport of Tennis.
Héctor Ortiz Ortiz was born in Oaxaca City, Mexico on 28 July 1950. He is a lawyer and a politician from Mexico.
The comedy Cold Turkey was produced by Tandem Productions, distributed by United Artists, and starred Judith Lowry and Edward Everett Horton. Norman Lear was the producer.
The novel The Shadow Lines was written by Amitav Ghosh and published in 1988. The novel is from India and is set in London.
Jocelyn Ho, a figure skater from Canada, was born in Etobicoke on May 30, 1987. She is a female athlete who participates in the sport of Figure skating.
Daiba Station (Tokyo), located in Minato, Tokyo, Japan, is a train station which was opened on November 1, 1995. It is part of the Yurikamome line.
Abdalá Bucaram Jr., who is also known as Abdalá, is a member of the Fuerza Ecuador party and the Ecuadorian Roldosist Party. He is a Member of the National Assembly of Ecuador and has held the position of Supreme director. Abdalá Bucaram Jr. is also involved in association football.
Frank Islacker was born on August 29, 1963, in Germany. He is a male football player who played for VfL Bochum, and his sport is association football.
Allied General is a turn-based strategy video game from the United States, published by Mindscape. It was released on September 30, 1996 for Microsoft Windows.
Golden Gate National Cemetery is located in San Bruno, California, United States. The cemetery was established in 1937. It is part of the United States National Cemetery System. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pascale Jeuland, a female, was born in Rennes, France on June 2, 1987. She is a sport cyclist from France.
Mike McGuire is a male politician born on July 7, 1979 in Healdsburg, California. He is a member of the California Democratic Party and holds the position of member of the State Senate of California.
Sargis Hovsepyan, a male from Armenia, was born in Yerevan on November 2, 1972. He is a football player and a citizen of Armenia.
Bill Wegman, a male baseball player, was born in Cincinnati, United States on December 19, 1962. He is a baseball player in the United States.
The film Primal Fear, a Chicago film based on the novel Primal Fear by William Diehl, features Andre Braugher in the cast. The film's director of photography is Michael Chapman, the production designer is Jeannine Oppewall, and it was filmed in Chicago.
The Story of the Amulet is a novel written by E. Nesbit, published by T. Fisher Unwin in the United Kingdom in 1906.
The Animals' Christmas is a pop music album by Art Garfunkel, released in 1986 on Columbia Records. It was produced by Geoff Emerick.
ArchEnemy is a novel written by Frank Beddor, published on 15 October 2009 in the United Kingdom. It is a work of Fantasy literature.
Shunta Todd, a woman who plays cricket for Bermuda, was born on 31 July 1988.
Sudhir Asnani was born in Bhopal, India on 7 December 1960. He is a male cricketer and umpire who umpired cricket matches.
Don Dokken released the album Up from the Ashes on 21 October 1990, through Geffen Records. The album is a hard rock album and was produced by Don Dokken. The album is an instance of a musical album and features Don Dokken as the performer.
Matt Prater is an American football player from Mayfield Heights, Ohio, born on August 10, 1984. He is a male citizen of the United States.
The film Take Me in Your Arms was released in 1954. Its music was composed by Manuel Esperón. The film stars Andrés Soler, Andrea Palma (actress) and was directed by Julio Bracho.
Clayton Watson, born Clayton, is a human being. He was educated at Pembroke School in Adelaide. He won the AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama and was also nominated for the same award.
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X is a novel written by Bruce Coville and published by Aladdin Paperbacks in the United States in 1994.
Horses'Collars is a 1935 short comedy film directed by Clyde Bruckman, starring Fred Kelsey and Dorothy Kent.
The Devil and His Boy is an English novel written by Anthony Horowitz and published in 1998 in the United States.
New Chautauqua is a folk jazz album by Pat Metheny, released in 1979 on ECM Records. It was produced by Manfred Eicher.
The Great Western 90 is a preserved steam locomotive, a tender locomotive, made by Baldwin Locomotive Works, in the United States. It is operated by the Great Western Railway of Colorado and the Strasburg Rail Road.
The 2010 China Masters Super Series is an instance of the China Masters. It was held in China in 2010. The event was a badminton competition, specifically an open championship, and it ended on September 19th 2010.
The Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University is a university located in Petrogradsky District, Saint Petersburg, Russia. It was established in 1886 and is situated in the administrative territorial entity of Saint Petersburg, which is also its headquarters location.
Oruro Royal is an association football club in Oruro, Bolivia. It is a Bolivian association football club. The club was founded on 1 January 1896. They play Association football. They are part of the Liga Nacional B league.
North Dakota Highway 13 is a road in North Dakota, United States, which is owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation and is a part of the numbered highways in North Dakota.
Alice's Wonderland, part of the Alice Comedies series, was produced by Walt Disney, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment. Alice's Wonderland was produced by the Laugh-O-Gram Studio and originates from the United States.
Ab DeMarco Jr. is a human being who plays ice hockey. He plays as a defenceman for the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League.
Agi Station, in Nakatsugawa, Gifu, Japan, is a train station which was opened on 24 May 1933. It is a train station and is connected to the Akechi Line.
The film Sammilana was released in 1994. It was written and directed by H.R. Bhargava and starred Shashi Kumar. The music for the film was composed by Hamsalekha. Sammilana is a film.
The 2009 ECM Prague Open was held in Prague, Czech Republic. The tournament was part of the WTA International tournaments.
Ben Kelso is a basketball player and coach from the United States. He was born in Flint, Michigan on April 11, 1949. Ben Kelso is a man.
John Carter is a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was produced by Walt Disney Pictures. The film stars Daryl Sabara and Lynn Collins. It was produced by Jim Morris and Lindsey Collins.
Don't Go Out is a country music single by Tanya Tucker, released on 23 June 1990. It is part of the Tennessee Woman album and is included on the Capitol Records Nashville label.
Fallout Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game video game developed by Masthead Studios. It was published by Interplay Entertainment and comes from the United States. The game is available for Microsoft Windows.
Kifuta Kiala, a male citizen of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, was born in Kinshasa on 8 January 1988. He is a football player who specializes in Association football.
Paulo Lino, born in Mirandela on 21 July 1971, is a football player who plays as a defender for S.C. Braga.
Ruslan Rzayev, a football player, was born in Bataysk, Russia on 24 January 1998. He is a man and a citizen of Russia who plays Association football.
Fuminori Komatsu was born in Tokyo, Japan on 23 July 1978. He is a male voice actor and actor from Japan.
Richard W. Bailey (born Richard) is a male surname. He attended the University of Edinburgh and the University of Connecticut. He is currently employed by the University of Michigan.
Worcester Sixth Form College is a school in Worcester, Worcestershire, United Kingdom, which is an academy. It was established in 1983.
Bobby Kennedy (footballer) was born in Motherwell, United Kingdom on 23 June 1937. He was a football player and later a football manager. Bobby Kennedy (footballer) is a man.
Chris Willmott, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Bedford on September 30, 1977. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Amy Satterthwaite, a female, was born in Christchurch, New Zealand on 7 October 1986. She is a cricketer from New Zealand.
Erik Haula, a Finnish ice hockey player, was born in Pori on March 23, 1991. He is a male athlete who competes in the sport of Ice hockey.
Jacob Bagersted, a male, was born in Copenhagen, Denmark on March 25, 1987. He is a Danish citizen and a handball player for SC Magdeburg.
Pedrie Wannenburg, a male rugby union player from South Africa, was born in Mbombela on 2 January 1981. He plays the sport of Rugby union.
The 2001 WNBA season was a sports season in the United States, specifically a women's basketball season organized by the Women's National Basketball Association.
The album The First Cut Is the Deepest is released by Michie Mee in 2000 under the record label Entertainment One Music. It is a Canadian hip hop album produced by Jon Levine.
Epik High is a K-pop and hip hop music boy band that was formed in Seoul on 01 January 2001 and is signed with Woollim Entertainment.
Anjana Sultana was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh on 01 January 1965. She is a female actor and a citizen of Bangladesh, who received the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actress.
The Casebook of Solar Pons is a book of detective fiction written by August Derleth, published by Mycroft & Moran in the United States in 1965.
Strangers of the Evening is a 1932 mystery film starring ZaSu Pitts and directed by H. Bruce Humberstone, with a screenplay by Tiffany Thayer.
String Beans is a 1918 comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger, starring Charles Ray and Jane Novak.
Putnam Magazine was started in March 2005 in the United States. It is a magazine published by Gannett in March 2005.
Our Mutual Friend is a literary work. It was published in 1864 and published in 1864. It is a novel. It was written by Charles Dickens and published by Chapman & Hall.
Rathangan GAA is a sports club in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland. The club was founded in 1889 and is involved in Gaelic football.
Murad Hüseynov was born in Makhachkala on 25 January 1989. He is a football player from Azerbaijan and a man.
John Windows, a male, was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom on May 6, 1976. He is a cricketer who plays the sport of Cricket.
Devi Shetty was born in Mangalore, India on 08 May 1953. He graduated from the Manipal Academy of Higher Education and is a surgeon. Mr. Shetty is a man.
The 2007-08 Japan Figure Skating Championships were organized by the Japan Skating Federation and took place on December 26, 2007, in Japan. The championships were a figure skating competition held at the Towa Pharmaceutical Ractab Dome.
The Sky Ranger is a 1921 silent film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Spencer Gordon Bennet and George B. Seitz.
Louisiana Highway 76 is a road in Louisiana, United States. It is owned by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development, is a type of road, and is maintained by the same entity. It was established in 1955.
Wazimbo is a singer from Mozambique who was born in Chibuto on 11 November 1948. He is a man and a human being.
Pascal Ohsé is a male jazz musician from France. He is a human being and signed to Warner Bros. Records. His given name is Pascal.
James Bailey, a male darts player from Australia, was born in Melbourne on October 22, 1969. He is a professional darts player who competes in the sport of Darts.
The Lao Football Federation is a football association founded in 1951. It is a member of the ASEAN Football Federation, which is its parent organization, and also a member of FIFA. The Lao Football Federation plays association football.
Alexandra Maksimova was born on 19 June 1989 in Belarus. She is a figure skater who competed for her country in the women's ice dance.
The Cessna Stadium is a stadium located in Kansas, United States. It is owned by Wichita State University and operated by Wichita State University. The stadium is occupied by Wichita State University.
Kevin Long (born Kevin), is a baseball player from the United States. He attended the University of Arizona and played for the New York Mets.
Dave Graveline, a man, was born in Miami, United States on 5 March 1954. He is a radio personality.
Larry Jeffrey, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Goderich, Ontario on October 12, 1940. He is a male ice hockey player from Canada.
Amit Rana was born in India on December 14, 1995. He is a male cricketer and competes in the sport of Cricket. Amit Rana is a human being.
The Power Station, a band, released their self-titled album in 1985 on EMI Records. The album is a rock music album and was produced by Bernard Edwards.
Do Your Thing is a song by Charles Wright & the Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band, released in 1968 and part of the Together album. It is a rhythm and blues song performed by Charles Wright & the Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band and was released on the Warner Bros. Records label.
Vesper is a literary work, a mystery fiction and paranormal novel written by Jeff Sampson and published on 25 January 2011 in the United States.
Pontypool Changes Everything is a novel written in English by Tony Burgess. It was published in 1995 and originates from Canada.
The Pirate of Panama is a 1929 silent film directed by Ray Taylor, starring Jay Wilsey and Natalie Kingston.
Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows is a science fiction novel written by Kathryn M. Drennan, published by Del Rey Books in the United States in July 1997.
Leave It to Me is a 1930 film from the United Kingdom. It was directed by George King and starred Robin Irvine. The film was released in October 1930.
Sergei Tyumentsev was born on August 9, 1976, in Russia. He is a male football player who played for FC Dynamo Omsk and is a citizen of Russia. He played association football.
Jamie Flitner was born in Buffalo, Wyoming on 10 July 1964. She is a female politician. She is a member of the Republican Party in the U.S.A. and was a Member of the Wyoming House of Representatives.
Herd & McKenzie Shipbuilders is in the shipbuilding industry. Located in Buckie, Moray, United Kingdom, the company was founded in 1903.
Samu Markkula, a male ice hockey player, was born in Jyväskylä, Finland on 27 February 1994. He is a citizen of Finland and plays the sport of Ice hockey.
Kangaroo Jack was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer Films and Castle Rock Entertainment. The film was distributed by Malofilm and Warner Bros. The film features Bill Hunter in a starring role. It was also produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
The Buenos Aires International Book Fair was founded in 1975 by Fundación El Libro in Argentina.
The Barrier is a 1917 film. The Barrier is a film. The Barrier is a 1917 film. Mabel Julienne Scott was in The Barrier. The Barrier was directed by Edgar Lewis. The Barrier is a drama film. The Barrier was produced by Rex Beach.
Rossella Gregorio, a female, was born in Salerno, Italy, on August 30, 1990. She is a fencer.
John Hick, a male from the United Kingdom, is a Paramedic. He studied at Oriel College, Oxford and the University of Edinburgh. He works at Claremont Graduate University.
Jarmo Viinanen was born in Imatra, Finland on 23 February 1959. He graduated from the University of Turku and is a diplomat. Mr. Viinanen is a man.
The Fabulous Voyage of the Angel, a comedy film from Canada, was directed by Jean Pierre Lefebvre. The original language used in the film is French. The film was released in 1991.
Little Rose, which is from Poland, was distributed by Monolith Films. Its original language is łółski (Polish language). The film stars Kazimierz Mazur, Janusz Chabior and Aleksander Bednarz.
A Moving Picture is a hip hop music album by Devlin (rapper), released in 2013. It was produced by Ant Whiting and released by Island Records.
Sayonara Jupiter is a science fiction novel written in Japanese by Sakyo Komatsu. It is a literary dylogy published in 1982 from Japan.
Henrik Sass Larsen, a male, was born in Virum, Denmark on May 29, 1966. He is a politician and was awarded the Ting Prize.
Saskatchewan Highway 749 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada, which is owned and maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan). It is part of the Roads in Saskatchewan.
La Pie qui Chante is a trademark owned by Mondelez International. The organization was founded in 1921. Its headquarters are in Lille. La Pie qui Chante is an instance of an organization and an instance of a trademark. The parent organization of La Pie qui Chante is Cadbury France.
The Humbling is a Novel written by Philip Roth and published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the United States in 2009.
Helena Sukova resides in Monte Carlo. She plays tennis for the Czech Republic. She was a member of the Czechoslovakia Federation Cup team. She participated in the women's doubles at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is also a member of the Czech Republic Fed Cup team.
Josephine Byrnes was born in Connecticut, United States on December 28, 1966. She is a film actor and an actor. Josephine Byrnes is a woman.
The film Blackboard Jungle, starring Sidney Poitier and Margaret Hayes, was produced by Pandro S. Berman and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film was also produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Lover of Life, Singer of Songs is a remix album by Freddie Mercury, released on September 4, 2006 by EMI. The album is a rock music album and features KEIN BECIL. The record label is EMI.
Yasuko Tamada, a female mixed martial artist, was born in Shinagawa, Japan on June 30, 1967. She is a citizen of Japan and competes in the sport of Mixed martial arts.
The 2012 film Loot was released on January 13, 2012. It was directed and written by Nischal Basnet and starred Saugat Malla. The music for the film was composed by Roshan Thapa.
The miniseries The Company was released in 2007. It was directed by Mikael Salomon and starred Chris O'Donnell. The music for the series was composed by Jeff Beal. The miniseries was based on the novel by Robert Littell.
Thomas Woods was a male rugby union player and rugby league player from Wales, born in Wales on 30 January 1890.
Masumi Tazawa, a woman, was born in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan on 22 November 1993. She is a voice actor in Japan.
China Daily is a daily newspaper owned by the Communist Party of China. It was founded in June 1981 and is based in Beijing, China. The newspaper is published in the English language.
The Forests of Silence is an adventure novel and a work of Fantasy literature written by Jennifer Rowe, published in Australia in the year 2000.
Carl Landry is a basketball player born in Milwaukee, United States on September 19, 1983. He is a male athlete.
Yukari Sato was born in Setagaya, Japan on 19 August 1961. She is a female economist and politician.
The novel Southland was written by Nina Revoyr and published in 2003. It is a literary work of the genre Novel from the United States and is set in Los Angeles.
Jon Morgan was born in Cardiff on 10 July 1970. He is an association football player who plays as a midfielder for Cardiff City FC.
The Catherine Palace, located in Moscow, Russia, was designed by architect Giacomo Quarenghi. It is a Palace and a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The Office of National Assessments is a government agency in Canberra, Australia. It is an intelligence agency that was established on 19 October 1977. It is a part of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet (Australia).
The Wills Creek Bollman Bridge is a road bridge and a railway bridge located in Meyersdale, Pennsylvania, United States. It is situated in Summit Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania. The bridge is a truss bridge.
Stephan Retzer, born on October 11, 1976, in Deggendorf, Germany, is a male ice hockey player.
The painting Fisher Boy with Basket is a portrait created in oil paint by Frans Hals in 1630 and owned by John W. Wilson.
Nadeene Latif, born 20 May 1978 in Australia, is a weightlifter who competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She competed in the Olympic weightlifting for Australia and won a bronze medal in the women's event.
Dady, a male football player from Portugal, was born in Lisbon on August 13, 1981. He is a citizen of Portugal.
Lameck Onyango was born in Nairobi on 22 September 1973. He is a male cricketer from Kenya, born in Nairobi.
The written work A Private Venus, which is a novel, was written by Giorgio Scerbanenco and published in 1966. It is from Italy and is set in Milan.
Ingjerd Schou was born in Sarpsborg, Norway on 20 January 1955. She graduated from the University of Oslo and is a politician. She is a woman from Norway.
Kamen Rider Battle: Ganbaride is a video game from Japan, published by Bandai. It is an arcade game and was released on October 15, 2008.
Duck for President is a Picture book written by Doreen Cronin and published by Simon & Schuster in the United States in 2004.
The Kids Are Alright is a sitcom television comedy series composed by Goldspot. The series was created by Tim Doyle and originated in the United States. It was originally broadcast on American Broadcasting Company.
Elisa Dalla Valle was born in Italy on January 16, 1998. She is a female road racing cyclist and human.
California State Route 237 is a road in the United States. It is owned by the California Department of Transportation and is a type of road. It is located in Santa Clara County, California, and was established on June 30, 1964. The California Department of Transportation is responsible for its maintenance.
Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun is a strategy video game from Japan, released on January 28, 1994 for Microsoft Windows. The music was composed by Akihiko Mori.
Philippe Gimbert, a male from France, was born in Firminy on March 20, 1966. He is a rugby union player.
CLP Group is a publicly traded company in the public utility industry. EnergyAustralia is a subsidiary of the CLP Group. The company was founded in 1901 and is a joint stock company located in Hong Kong.
Fall for Your Type is a downtempo single by Jamie Foxx, released on January 1st, 2010, and part of the Best Night of My Life album. The single is distributed by J Records.
Lafayette Pitts, born in Duquesne, Pennsylvania on 24 September 1992, is an American football player who played as a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Neal Tapio is a businessperson born in Watertown, South Dakota, United States. Unfortunately, the exact date of birth is unknown (00 2000). He is a man who graduated from Minnesota State University Moorhead.
Recovery Road (TV series) is a television series. The series is a drama series from the United States. It originally aired on Freeform (TV channel). The series was distributed by Disney -- ABC Domestic Television and is in the English language.
Pierre Bourquenoud, a man, was born in Vaulruz, Switzerland on November 21, 1969. He is a sport cyclist who specializes in road bicycle racing.
The Metro Panteones station is part of the Mexico City Metro system. It was opened in 1984, in Mexico City.
The 2017 Belarusian Premier League was a sports season of the Belarusian Premier League, a football league in Belarus, organized by the Football Federation of Belarus, which took place in 2017.
Tikamporn Changkeaw, a female volleyball player from Thailand, was born in Suphan Buri on 12 December 1984. She is a volleyball player.
Aris Nukic was born in Tübingen on 21 December 1993. He is an association football player who plays as a forward for FK Olimpik.
You Must Be the Husband is a sitcom television series from the United Kingdom which was first aired on the 8th September 1987. The series stars Diane Keen and was directed by Richard Boden.
Paul Geis, a male athlete, was born in Houston, United States on February 23, 1953. He is a long-distance runner who specializes in the sport of athletics.
Netherwood station is located in Plainfield, New Jersey, United States. The station is a train station that was opened in 1874 and is connected to the Raritan Valley Line. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jiang Na is a female ice hockey player from China who was born in Harbin on October 18, 1988. She participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Willie Wragg is a footballer who played for Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891), Chesterfield F.C., and Birmingham City F.C. as a winger.
Essenrode Manor is a manor house in Germany, located in Essenrode. It was built in the Baroque style in 1738 and was designed by the Bülow family.
Alok Agarwal, a male, was born in Lucknow, India on 25 August 1967. He is a politician.
The Night I Fell in Love is an album by Luther Vandross, released in 1985. The album is a contemporary R&B album and was produced by Marcus Miller. It was released by Epic Records.
Ana Maria Rangel, a female, was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on 21 May 1957. She is a politician.
The Rolling Stones are rock music performers. The song \"Goin' Home\" was released in 1966 and was produced by Andrew Loog Oldham. The song is also included in the Rolling Stones album Aftermath.
Sweet & Lowdown is a folk music album by Dave Van Ronk, released in 2001 on Justin Time Records. It is the sequel to Live at Sir George Williams University.
Dessislava Mladenova is a female tennis player from Sofia, Bulgaria, born on June 21, 1988. She is a Bulgarian citizen and plays the sport of Tennis.
Katha is a 1983 comedy film directed by Sai Paranjpye. The film stars Farooq Sheikh and Naseeruddin Shah.
Ejovi Nuwere is a businessperson from the United States who was born in Brooklyn on January 1, 1980. He is a man and a human being.
The musical score for Moonlight Mile was provided by Mark Isham. The film, a drama, stars Tom Dahlgren and Mary Catherine Garrison. It was directed by Brad Silberling. Dabney Coleman also stars in the film.
Andris Liepa is a ballet dancer, theatre director, and producer. He was born in Moscow, Soviet Union on 6 January 1962.
Abdul Mteketa, a politician from Tanzania, was born on 01 January 1951 in Tanganyika ( territory ). He was a member of the National Assembly of Tanzania and was a man of great ability.
Andrea D'Errico was born in Milan on 24 March 1992. He is an association football player who plays as a forward for A.C. Monza.
Rebeldes is a rock and pop band from Brazil. They are a band that creates popular music and are originally from Brazil. They were formed in 2011 and are signed to the record label EMI.
Koch Brothers Exposed is a 2012 documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald and produced by Jim Miller. The film features Bernie Sanders as a cast member.
Azwan Aripin was born in Kelantan on April 21, 1994. He is an association football player who plays for Kelantan FA. Note: There is also another date of birth listed as April 21, 1996, but the more accurate date is 1994.
Ove Pedersen is a male football player and manager from Denmark, born on August 30, 1954. He is also a football manager.
The album Games People Play is a hard rock album by Pink Cream 69, released in 1993 by Epic Records. It was produced by Dirk Steffens.
Evandro da Silva was born in Messias, Alagoas, Brazil on 14 January 1997. He is a male football player who participates in Association football.
Ronald Kasper, a male cricketer, was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 22 March 1946. He is a citizen of New Zealand and plays the sport of Cricket.
Beachmont station is a station on the Blue Line of the MBTA in Revere, Massachusetts, United States. The station was opened on January 19, 1954 and is adjacent to Suffolk Downs station.
The Egongyan Bridge is a road bridge in Chongqing, China. It was opened in 2000 and the next bridge upstream is the Egongyan Rail Transit Bridge. The Caiyuanba Bridge is also upstream.
Jennifer Martínez is a female lawyer from the United States. She was born in San Francisco on 05 November 1971. She graduated from Harvard Law School.
Manuel Francisco Barreto is a male football player and manager from Peru, born in Lima on 12 September 1982. He is also a football manager.
Akihito Ozawa was born in Saitama Prefecture, Japan on 10 August 1992. He is a male football player who is a citizen of Japan.
David Dontoh, a male, was born in Cape Coast, Ghana. He is an actor and was born in 1964.
The Best of Larry Niven is a book written by Larry Niven, published in 2010, which is a collection of science fiction works from the United States and is written in the English language.
Vladimir Kush was born in Moscow, Russia on January 1, 1965. He is a Russian sculptor and painter.
Cecilia Norrbom, a female, was born on 28 January 1988. She is a citizen of Sweden and a human being.
Jonathan Steele, whose surname is Steele, is a human being. He was educated at Yale University, received the James Cameron Memorial Trust Award, and the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism.
Badai Pasti Berlalu is a Romance novel written by Marga T, published by Kompas Gramedia Group in Indonesia in 1974.
The Pilgrim's Regress is a novel written by C.S. Lewis that is a literary work, published in 1933 in the United Kingdom. It is classified as a novel and fantasy literature.
Kurt Baschwitz worked at the University of Amsterdam. He spoke German. He also worked at the University of Amsterdam and held a Doctorate from the University of Amsterdam. Additionally, he was described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
Chenoa, from Spain, is the musical genre of the album Chenoa. The album was released on Jive Records in 2002 and was produced by Brian Rawling.
New Jersey Route 163 is a road in New Jersey, United States. The New Jersey Department of Transportation is the owner of the road which was established in 1953 and is a type of road.
Myrna Dey, whose real name is Myrna Dey, was born in Calgary, Canada. She is a novelist and one of the few women in Canada.
Mike Kosman, a second baseman, played for the Cincinnati Reds and the Mobile Bears in baseball.
Mike Sutherland, a male Canadian, was born in Ottawa, Canada on June 25, 1971. He is a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Pat Davis is a musician, female and human being born in Fort Worth, Texas. Her given name is Pat and her surname is Davis.
Medicine for Melancholy is a drama film from the United States. It was directed by Barry Jenkins. The screenwriter is Barry Jenkins (musician). The film was released on March 7th 2008.
Daniel W Bell (born Daniel) is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is a human being from the United States. Daniel W Bell, a male, is a member of the United States Democratic Party.
Kim Young-mu, a football player, was born in South Korea on 3 September 1984. He is a male citizen of South Korea and plays Association football.
Jamarro Diks, a football player, was born in the Netherlands on April 26, 1995. He is a male citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and plays Association football.
Larissa Muldoon is a female rugby union player from Donegal (town) in the Republic of Ireland. She was born on 11 March 1991 and is a member of the Ireland women's national rugby union team.
Angelina Simakova was born in Russia on 26 August 2002. She is a Russian artistic gymnast and a female athlete.
Dave Burgess, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Liverpool on 20 January 1960. He is a footballer who plays Association football.
Sebastian Coe was born in London on 29 September 1956. He is an athletics competitor and a politician. He is also an autobiographer and has written about his life.
Hoodman Blind is a 1923 drama film directed by John Ford, starring Frank Campeau and Gladys Hulette, released on 20 December 1923.
Juli Feigon is a female biophysicist who works at the University of California, Los Angeles. She is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and has received the Presidential Young Investigator Award and the Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science award.
Scar the Martyr is a band from the United States, which was formed in 2013. They are a rock and pop band whose genre is heavy metal music. They are signed to Roadrunner Records.
Jay Graham, whose surname is Graham, was a running back. He played for the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Ravens. Jay Graham attended Concord High School in North Carolina.
Melbourne Municipal Airport is located in the United States and specifically in Arkansas. It is an airport, established on January 1, 1994. The airport is named after Melbourne, Arkansas and serves the transport hub of Melbourne, Arkansas.
Rayne Storm is a male rapper and producer from Harlem, United States. He was born in the United States on December 7, 1983.
George Hewitt was born in Burslem in 1878. He is a football player who played as an inside forward for Luton Town F.C.
Lateef the Truthspeaker is a rapper from the United States who was born on September 28th, 1974 in Oakland, California. He is a male human being.
Igor Vamos, born on April 15th 1968, is a male multimedia artist from the United States. He was educated at Reed College and received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Al-Taraji Club is an association football club in Saudi Arabia. The club was founded in 1981 and play in the Saudi Second Division. Their home ground is the Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Stadium.
The Wedding Bells is a TV show with music by Danny Lux. It stars Michael Landes, Teri Polo, and Sarah Jones (screen actress). The TV show is distributed by 20th Television and was executive produced by David E. Kelley.
Leif Engqvist was born in Dalby, Lund Municipality, Sweden on July 30th, 1962. He was a male football player who was a participant of the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Nancy Boy is an alternative rock single by Placebo, released on 20 January 1997 and part of the Placebo album. The single is available on the United Artists Records label.
Millions in the Air is a 1935 comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and starring John Howard. The screenplay was written by Sig Herzig.
Kaia Kanepi lives in Tallinn. She plays tennis for Estonia. She is a member of the Estonia Fed Cup team. She represents Estonia in sports. She participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics in tennis. Her given name is Kaia.
Monsieur Hire is a 1989 drama film written by Patrick Dewolf and directed by Patrice Leconte. It stars Luc Thuillier and Philippe Dormoy. The film was released on September 28th 1989.
Julie Brougham is a female equestrian from New Zealand who was born in Palmerston North on May 20th, 1954. She participated in Equestrian at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The musical score of Husbands and Wives was composed by Gustav Mahler. The cast includes Jerry Zaks, Cristi Conaway, Bruce Jay Friedman and others. The film, a drama, was directed by Woody Allen.
Hannah Tyler Wilcox was born on August 31, 1838, in Boonville, New York. She is a female human being and a physician from the United States.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the response. If you have new data, I'll be happy to help.
The Phantom of the Big Tent was a German language drama film from Germany. The film was produced by Friedrich Wilhelm Gaik. Georg Krause was the director of photography. The film is distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Omayya SC is a Syrian Premier League association football club that was founded in 1944 and play their home matches at the Idlib Municipal Stadium.
John Cenci, born in Pittsburgh on 4 January 1934, is an American football player who played as a center for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Kent Hulst, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in St. Thomas, Ontario on April 8, 1968. He is a male ice hockey player from Canada.
The Aloha Tower is an observation tower and lighthouse in Honolulu, United States. It was constructed in 1926 and retired in 1975.
Fabien Lamirault, a French table tennis player, was born in Longjumeau on March 17, 1980. He is a male athlete who specializes in the sport of Table tennis.
The Prince Edward Island National Park is a national park in Canada, operated by Parks Canada. It is located in both Kings County and Queens County, Prince Edward Island. The park was established in 1937.
Harry Green, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Sheffield in 1908. He played Association football.
Diena is a newspaper from Latvia. It was started on 23 November 1990 and is published in Riga. The language of the newspaper is Latvian.
Such Pleasure is a novel written by Martin Boyd. It was published in 1949 by Cresset Press. It is a literary work that follows Lucinda Brayford.
Tuula Teeri is a female biologist. She was born in Espoo, Finland on 20 June 1957. She is a citizen of Finland and works at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology.
Tango Argentino is a 1969 documentary film from Argentina. Spanish is the language spoken in this film, which was directed by Simon Feldman.
Forest Park High School is a state school in Maryland, United States. It was established in 1924 and is a part of the Baltimore City Public Schools.
Tendai Mtawarira, a male rugby union player from Zimbabwe, was born in Harare on 1 August 1985. He plays rugby union and is a citizen of Zimbabwe.
Simon Madden, an Irish footballer, was born in Dublin, Republic of Ireland on 1 May 1988. He is a male football player in the Association football genre.
The RMS Medina (1911) is a ship owned by P&O (company) and operated by P&O (company). It was built by Caird & Company in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and has London as its home port.
Étienne Jacquet, known as Aimé Jacquet, is a French association football player who played as a midfielder for Olympique Lyonnais.
Dhushantha Ranatunga is a male cricketer from Negombo, Sri Lanka, born on November 8, 1991. He plays Cricket.
Owen Hale, a male musician, was born in Louisville, Kentucky, United States on 15 July 1948.
The New Frontier is a 1935 Western film directed by Carl Pierson, starring Sam Flint and Glenn Strange.
Michael Turner was born in the United Kingdom on August 5, 1948. He studied at Manchester Metropolitan University and became a business executive at British Aerospace, where he worked as a man.
The Groupama Arena is a soccer-specific stadium located in Budapest, Hungary. It is owned by Ferencvárosi TC and operated by Lagardère Group. Ferencvárosi TC is also the occupant of the stadium.
Nikhil Haldipur was born in India on December 19, 1977. He is a male cricketer who plays the sport of Cricket and is a human being.
Hanif Hamir was born in Brunei on 22 February 1997. He is a football player who plays as a defender for DPMM FC.
Bukovinka is a municipality in Blansko District, Czech Republic. Bukovinka is part of the historical region of Moravia and is a cadastral area in the Czech Republic. Jedovnice is a neighbouring town.
Ben Batger was a male rugby union player from New Zealand who was born in Sydney on 20 March 1984 and represented the New South Wales Waratahs.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a Japanese association football club which was founded in 1992. Its headquarters are in Hiroshima, Japan and it is owned by Mazda.
Andre Payette, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Cornwall, Ontario on July 29, 1976. He is a male athlete who plays Ice hockey.
Luke Hemmerich was born in Essen, Germany on 9 February 1998. He is a male football player who plays Association football.
Miloslav Kejval was born in the Czech Republic on July 11, 1973. He is a male cycle sport athlete and human.
Rose Boyko, a female, was born in an unknown year. She is a lawyer and a judge and is a citizen of Canada.
Kim Won-gun, born on May 1, 1992 in Jeju Island, is a football player who plays as a centre back for FC Seoul.
The capital of Pine County is Pine City, Minnesota, United States. The county was created on March 1, 1856 and shares borders with Polk County, Wisconsin.
Sander Boschker was born in Lichtenvoorde, Kingdom of the Netherlands on October 20th, 1970. He was a male football player who was a participant of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
The Yogyakarta railway station is in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. It was opened in 1887 and is owned by the Indonesian Railway Company. The station is a train station.
The film Love on Ice was released in 1950. It was directed by Kurt Meisel and written by Johannes Kai. Sepp Nigg starred in the film and the music was composed by Friedrich Meyer.
Andy Craven was a member of the Tacoma Defiance team. He was acquired by Tacoma Defiance and his tenure with the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Emily van Egmond is a female football player from Australia who was born in Newcastle, New South Wales on July 12, 1993. She represented Australia in the Football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Yves Pierracci was born in Salindres, France on July 26, 1916. He was a male sport cyclist from France who participated in the Tour de France.
Giles County, Virginia, United States was established in 1806 and is a county of Virginia. Its capital is Pearisburg, Virginia and it shares a border with Mercer County, West Virginia, in the state of Virginia.
Andreas Hollingen was born in Molde, Norway. He is a male football player. However, there seems to be a discrepancy in his date of birth, as it is listed as both 2nd October and 3rd October 1994.
DJ-Kicks : Thievery Corporation is a DJ mix album by Thievery Corporation, released on January 1, 1999, on the record label Studio! K7. The album is a lounge music compilation produced by Thievery Corporation.
The Two Captains is a novel written in Russian by Veniamin Kaverin and published in 1940 in the Soviet Union.
Spaceship to Saturn is a science fiction novel from the United Kingdom, published by Faber and Faber in 1967, written by Hugh Walters.
David Haas, a winger, is a member of the Calgary Flames and Edmonton Oilers ice hockey teams.
Coco Mbassi was born in Cameroon on 28 February 1969. She is a singer and a citizen of Cameroon. Coco Mbassi is a female.
Stu Mills, a man with the surname Mills, was born on 22 June 1982 in New Zealand. He is a male cricketer who plays Cricket.
The Victory of Faith was distributed by UFA GmbH and produced by the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda. The film was produced by Leni Riefenstahl and stars Julius Streicher and Franz Ritter von Epp. The original language of the film is German.
Ana Binet was born in Sánchez, Dominican Republic on 9 February 1992. She is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic.
Valentin Antov was born in Sofia, Bulgaria on 9 November 2000. He is a male football player who represents Bulgaria in the sport of Association football.
Frank Henkel was born in Berlin on 16 November 1963. He is a man and a politician from Germany. He was also a citizen of East Germany.
Visions is a popular science book written by Michio Kaku, published in 1998 in the United States. The book is about physics and is an instance of a book.
Moin Ashraf was born in Bradford on 5 January 1992. He is a male cricketer from the United Kingdom and was born in Bradford.
Todd Clarke was born on April 28, 1951 in Australia. He is a male association football player who played for White City FC.
Chuck Corgan, a US citizen, is a member of the American Football team, the New York Giants. His full name is Chuck Corgan. He is a man.
The Spanish Gardener is a novel written by A.J. Cronin, published by Little, Brown and Company in the United Kingdom in 1950.
Thomas Mann, a male, is a member of the German Democratic Party. He is a short story writer who works for Simplicissimus. Mann was educated at the Technical University of Munich and the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
Kevin Newman was born in Poway, California on August 4, 1993. He is a professional baseball player who is a member of the Pittsburgh Pirates. He is a male athlete who plays the sport of baseball.
Miss Virginia USA is a female beauty pageant in the United States, located in Virginia. It is based in Richmond, Virginia and was established in 1952.
Sanjiv Bhatt is a male police officer born in Mumbai, India on 21 December 1963. He graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay and is a citizen of India.
Qiu Yike is a male table tennis player from China, born on January 18, 1985. He is a human being.
Yokohama Rubber Company is a Japanese enterprise and business based in Tokyo, Japan. It was established on January 1, 1917 and is a Kabushiki gaisha (, a type of Japanese company).
Johnny Acosta was born in Quesada, San Carlos, Costa Rica on July 21, 1983. He is a male football player from Costa Rica who participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Peter Townend, a surfer from Coolangatta, Australia, was born on May 30, 1953. He is a male surfer who competes in the sport of Surfing.
Sam Palumbo was born on June 7, 1932, in the United States. He was an American football player who played for the Cleveland Browns. He is a male and a citizen of the United States.
Phoenix City Hall is a skyscraper in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. It is owned by the city of Phoenix and serves as the city hall. The building was completed in 1994.
Middlesex Community College (Massachusetts) is a community college located in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1970. It is a public educational institution.
Marc Crawford, whose given name is Marc, is a human being. He won the Jack Adams Award and played for the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League.
Kenneth Chipolina is a football player born in Gibraltar. He was born on April 8, 1994, but another source lists December 30, 1995, as his date of birth. He plays association football for Lynx F.C.
Captain Lash is a 1929 silent film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Victor McLaglen. The film was produced by William Fox.
Abdul Diallo, a football player from Burkina Faso, was born in Ouagadougou on 23 December 1985. He is a male athlete who plays Association football.
The film Dream Demon was released on January 1, 1988 and October 6, 1988. The film's music was composed by Bill Nelson (musician) and stars Jemma Redgrave and Mark Greenstreet.
Ignat Zemchenko, a male ice hockey player, was born in Kiev on 24 April 1992. He is a citizen of Russia.
The book, The Game, written by Ken Dryden, is about ice hockey and was published in September 2003 by Wiley (publishers) in Canada.
Emad Moteab is a male football player from Egypt who was born in Sharqia Governorate on February 20, 1983. He was part of the Egypt men's national football team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Niuvalu Fifita, a man, was born on 23 May 1990. He is a football player who plays association football for the Tonga national football team as a midfielder.
Symbolics is a business from the United States, founded by Russell Noftsker in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1979. The company is headquartered in Concord, Massachusetts.
Jon Merrill is a defenceman who was drafted by the New Jersey Devils and plays in the National Hockey League for the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team. His surname is Merrill.
Walter Waalderbos, a football player, was born in the Netherlands on 21 July 1951. He is a male citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and his sport is Association football.
Joris Harteveld, a man, was born in Gobabis, Namibia on July 2, 1968. He is a sport cyclist who competes in the sport of Cycle sport.
James Situma, a male football player from Kenya, was born in Kenya on November 11, 1984. He is a citizen of Kenya and plays Association football.
Johnny Gaudreau, whose given name is John, is a human being. He received the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy and plays in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames.
The Caterpillar Wish is a film from Australia, distributed by Palace Cinemas ( Australia ). It was shot in South Australia by Greig Fraser and edited by Jason Ballantine. Victoria Thaine stars in the film, which originated in Australia.
Vitaliy Sobko was born in Kharkiv, Ukraine on 27 July 1987. He is a football player and a man from Ukraine who plays Association football.
The book Plausible Worlds, written by Geoffrey Hawthorn, is a book in English. It was published in 1991 and is about Counterfactual history, originating from the United Kingdom.
Disgaea Infinite is a visual novel video game released in Japan on 1 November 2009. It is available for the PlayStation Portable. The music of Disgaea Infinite is by Tenpei Sato.
Sword of Honour is a miniseries, a Vietnam War miniseries, from Australia, starring Tracy Mann, which originally aired on the Seven Network on October 20, 1986.
The Barlow / Max Bell station in Alberta, Canada, is a train station that was established in 1985.
Doug Flynn (born Doug Flynn) attended Bryan Station High School. He played shortstop for the Detroit Tigers and the New York Mets.
Patrick Hall, also known as Martin Hall, is a human being who plays cricket for Hampshire County Cricket Club and Oxford University Cricket Club.
Raimundas Palaitis was born in Palanga, Lithuania on 23 October 1957. He graduated from Vilnius University and is a politician. Mr. Palaitis is a man.
The Lunde Station in Nome, Norway was opened in 1925 and is owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration. It is a train station.
Corey Lemonier, who is from the United States, graduated from Auburn University. He is a linebacker and he played for the San Francisco 49ers. He also played for the Auburn Tigers.
Orient News is a mass media news agency owned by Ghassan Aboud, founded by Ghassan Aboud in 2008, and is headquartered in Dubai.
Save the World, Lose the Girl is a punk rock album by Midtown, released in 2000 on Drive-Thru Records. The album was produced by Mark Trombino.
Live at Eindhoven is a live album by Testament (band) from the United States. The album is a Thrash metal genre and was produced by Alex Perialas and released by Megaforce Records.
The Sileru River is a river in India, in the Andhra Pradesh and Odisha regions. It flows into the Sabari River. The Sileru River is located in Asia.
Charles Dolan was born in Cleveland, United States on 16 October 1926. He graduated from John Carroll University and is a businessman. Mr. Dolan is a man.
Dough for the Do-Do is a 1949 animated short film written by Warren Foster, directed by Friz Freleng, starring Mel Blanc, and produced by Edward Selzer.
Konstantin Kalachyov is the chair of the Beer Lovers Party in Russia, which was founded in 1993 and has its headquarters in Moscow. The party dissolved in 1998.
Leng Tch'e, a grindcore band from Ghent, Belgium, was formed in 2001. They are a rock and pop band from Belgium.
New York State Route 144 is a road in New York (state), United States. It was established in 1930 and is owned by the New York State Department of Transportation.
Daniel Mesotitsch was born in Villach, Austria on 22 May 1976 and currently lives in Hochfilzen. He is a male biathlete from Austria.
Brian Metcalf is the director of Living Among Us, a horror film which was released in the United States on February 2, 2018.
David Hayman Jr was born in Scotland in 1901. He is a human, a male, a film director, and his given name is David (name).
Simon Chesterman was born in 1973 in Australia. He studied at Beijing International Studies University and later became a teacher at New York University. He is a male citizen of Australia and works at New York University.
Eduarda Amorim was born in Blumenau, Brazil, on 23 September 1986. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Daisuke Hirakawa is a singer, voice actor in Japan, and actor from Niigata, Japan. He was born on June 4, 1973.
Shiori Sato is a model and a fashion model. She was born in Ageo, Saitama, Japan on July 27, 1990. Shiori Sato is a woman from Japan.
Deadstring Brothers is a rock and pop band from Detroit, United States, formed in 2003. Their music genre is alternative country and they are signed to Bloodshot Records.
Tony Daniel was born in New York City on 01 January 1901. He is a male comics artist and writer.
Alexandra Louis was born in Grenoble, France on 17 September 1983. She is a female lawyer and politician.
Warren Holmes is a centre who played in the National Hockey League for the Los Angeles Kings. His surname is Holmes.
Wojciech Szala, a defender, is a member of GKS Katowice in association football, and has the family name Szala and the given name Wojciech.
Franco Fasano was born in Albenga, Italy on 30 June 1961. He is a singer, singer-songwriter and record producer.
Isaac Davis House is located in Massachusetts, United States and was designed by William R Walker in the Renaissance Revival style. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Love Uprising is an album by Tavares (group). It is a soul music and rhythm and blues album, released in 1980. The record label is Capitol Records.
MBAND is a pop group from Moscow, Russia. They were formed in 2014 and they are signed to Velvet Music. Their genre is Pop-rap.
Mark Ferreira, a male tennis player, was born in Mumbai, India on 1 March 1967. He is a citizen of India and plays the sport of Tennis.
Alexander Currier was the architect of the Hubbard Free Library, part of the Hallowell Historic District, in Maine, United States. The Hubbard Free Library is a public library and a contributing property.
Justin Harper, an American football player, was born in Catawba, North Carolina, United States on February 24, 1985. He is a male American football player.
Jan Mertzig is a human who played as a defenceman in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers. His given name is Jan. He was drafted by the New York Rangers.
Mark W. Spong was born in Warren, Ohio, United States on 05 November 1952. He graduated from New Mexico State University and is a roboticist. Mr. Spong is a man.
Zach Auguste is a human being who plays basketball, specifically as a power forward, for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish team in men's basketball competitions in the United States.
Hamilton Township is located in Mercer County, New Jersey, in the United States. It was created on 11 April 1842 and is governed by the Hamilton Township School District. It is named after Alexander Hamilton.
The Unsaid is a film from the United States and Canada, distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. It was filmed in Saskatchewan. The film features Linda Cardellini and Teri Polo.
Camelia Voinea, a female from Romania, was born in Constanța on March 1, 1970. She is an artistic gymnast.
Kiel Airport, located in Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, was established on January 1, 1914.
The film Sweden: Heaven and Hell, released on January 1, 1968, was directed by Luigi Scattini and written by Luigi Scattini. Edmund Purdom starred in the film. The music was composed by Piero Umiliani.
Once Again is an independent film from India. It was released on January 1, 2012. Sanjay Arora is both the director and screenwriter of the film.
Tina Rupprecht, a female boxer from Germany, was born in Augsburg on 23 August 1992. She competes in the sport of Boxing.
Arnold Kriegstein was born in Tirschenreuth. He is a neurologist and a researcher. He is male and graduated from New York University. He works at Columbia University.
Bran Castle is a castle in Brașov, Romania. It was built in 1212 and is owned by Dominic von Habsburg. It is located in the city of Bran, within the Brașov municipality.
Kanchanjangha is a film from India, released on 6 September 2019. It is an action film directed by Zubeen Garg, who also stars in the film.
The 2004 Malaysian Grand Prix was a Formula One event held in Malaysia on 21 March 2004. It was part of the 2004 Formula One World Championship, an auto racing event, and took place at the Sepang International Circuit in Malaysia.
Ken Hebert was born in San Bernardino, California on 9 December 1942. He is an American football player who played as a wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Gardens Between is a puzzle video game for macOS. It was released September 20, 2018 and is distributed via the Humble Store. Tim Shiel is the composer of the game.
LaKisha Jones is a female singer and model from Flint, Michigan, United States, born on January 13, 1980.
Luca Vignali is a human being. He is also known as Luca. Luca Vignali is a midfielder who plays for Spezia Calcio. His family name is Vignali.
The Legacy of Luna is a nonfiction book written by Julia Butterfly Hill from the United States. The book has an edition called The Legacy of Luna. It was published on 1 April 2000.
The Lizzie McGuire Movie is from the United States. It was produced by Stan Rogow Productions and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The original language of the film is English and stars Alex Borstein and Jake Thomas.
The Sparrow's Fluttering is a film written by Gianfranco Mingozzi. It features Beppe Chierici, Sabrina Ferilli, and Nicola Farron in the cast. The film is in the Italian language and originated from France.
Spencer Drever, a male, was born on 30 August 2003. He is a television actor and an actor from Canada.
Uladzislaw Duksa was born on July 7, 1980 in Belarus. He is a male football player who plays for FC Smorgon and is a citizen of Belarus.
The Cactaceae is a written work on cactus by Joseph Nelson Rose and Nathaniel Lord Britton. It is published by the Carnegie Institution for Science and illustrated by Kako Morita.
The screenwriter of Speed Track is Jayasurya. The film is a sports film starring Riyaz Khan and Gajala. The film is also an action film and originates from India.
Francesca Grilli is a female human being. She was born on 01 January 1978. Francesca is her given name and Grilli is her family name. Francesca Grilli is an artist.
Here Come the Waves, produced by Mark Sandrich, is a film from the United States. It was originally in English and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Charles Lang was the director of photography and Ellsworth Hoagland was the film editor.
The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery, starring Lionel Barrymore, and written by Harold Shumate.
The Taitung Railway Art Village is an arts centre and train station located in Taitung City, Taitung County, Taiwan. It was established on April 20, 1922.
Juan Becerra Acosta was born in Mexico City on 20 August 1973. He graduated from Universidad Latinoamericana and is a male journalist from Mexico.
Riley Cote is a human being. His given name is Riley and his surname is Cote. He plays as a winger in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Sperillen Line, a railway in Norway, was owned and operated by the Norwegian State Railways from 1883 to 1996. It was a part of the rail transport in Norway and its terminus was Hen, Buskerud.
Jamie Sparrow, a male cricketer, was born in Bishop's Stortford, United Kingdom on 22 January 1971.
Shaun Murphy is a male snooker player from Harlow, United Kingdom. He was born on August 10, 1982 and won the 2011 Players Tour Championship Grand Final.
Hoosiers is a drama and teen film written by Angelo Pizzo and directed by David Anspaugh. The cast includes Sheb Wooley and Barbara Hershey.
G.K. Bowes is a female voice actor and actor who was born in Tahiti on December 12, 1986. She is a citizen of the United States.
Hold the Sunset is a 2018 sitcom directed by Sandy Johnson, starring John Cleese and Alison Steadman, and premiered on 18 February 2018.
Valery Knyazev, a male ice hockey player from Russia, was born in Volgograd on June 11, 1992. He is a professional ice hockey player who competes in the sport of Ice hockey.
Whale Branch Early College High School is a high school located in South Carolina, United States, and is part of the Beaufort County School District. The school was established in 2010 and officially opened in 2010.
Thibaut Fauconnet, a male, was born in Dijon, France on 23 April 1985. He is a short track speed skater and participates in the sport of speed skating.
Nevada State Route 342 is a road in Nevada, United States. It was established in 1976 and is owned by the Nevada Department of Transportation.
The Saab 9-7X is a sport utility vehicle, a car model. It is a successor to the Oldsmobile Bravada and was followed by the Saab 9-4X. It is manufactured by Saab Automobile and is a brand of Saab Automobile.
Rock Band Blitz is a rhythm video game that was released in the United States on 28 August 2012 for the PlayStation 3. It was developed by Harmonix.
Raisel Iglesias, a male baseball player from Cuba, was born in Isla de la Juventud on January 4, 1990. He is a professional baseball player in the sport of Baseball.
The Upside is a comedy-drama film released on 21 February 2019. It was written by Paul Feig and directed by Neil Burger. The film stars Nicole Kidman.
The Alapaha River is a river in the United States, specifically located in Florida. It is an instance of a river and has two tributaries, the Willacoochee River and the Alapahoochee River. The Alapaha River flows into the Suwannee River.
Rockpile is an album by Dave Edmunds. It was released in January 1972 and is a rock and roll album. The album was produced by Dave Edmunds and released by Regal Zonophone Records.
Raise Your Head, written by Angelo Carbone and Francesca Marciano, is an Italian language film from Italy. The film was edited by Massimo Fiocchi and directed by Arnaldo Catinari.
Natura & Co is a multi-level marketing company in the cosmetics industry, based in Cajamar, Brazil. It was founded on January 1, 1969, and is a S.A. corporation.
Marcus Beilby, born on 01 January 1951, is a male painter from Australia who studied at Applecross Senior High School.
FSV Braunfels is an association football club in Braunfels, Germany. The club was founded in 1918.
23 Wall Street is a high-rise office building located in Manhattan, United States. The building is owned by J.P. Morgan & Co. and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The silent short film Ten Years Old was a 1927 film distributed by Pathé. It was directed by Robert A. McGowan and produced by F. Richard Jones.
Kunie Tanaka, a male, was born in Toki, Gifu, Japan on November 23, 1932. He is an actor from Japan.
Calvin Miller, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Glasgow on January 9, 1998. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Be All My Sins Remember 'd is a television series episode, which was first broadcast on January 4, 2008. It was directed by Andy Mikita and written by Martin Gero, and is in the English language.
Chajo Station, a train station in Japan, is operated by Meitetsu and is located in Gifu. It was established on June 2nd, 1914 and is on the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
Steven Bates, a male rugby union player, was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 16 January 1980. He is a citizen of New Zealand and plays the sport of Rugby union.
Olivier Merle, a male from France, was born in Chamalières on November 14, 1965. He is a rugby union player.
Steve Galliers is a male from the United Kingdom, born in Fulwood, Lancashire on 21 August 1957. He is a football player and a handyman.
The Story of a Broken Heart is a country music song by Johnny Cash, released in June 1960 on the Sun Records label. It is a single (music) and also an instance of a song.
The Freeman School of Business in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S. was founded in 1914. The school is affiliated with Tulane University.
Shampoo is a romantic comedy film and comedy-drama film written by Robert Towne and directed by Hal Ashby. The cast includes Jack Warden and Brad Dexter.
New York University Shanghai is a private university in Pudong, China. It was established in 2012 and is affiliated with New York University.
Lugz is a United States company founded in 1993 that produces sports equipment with its headquarters in New York City.
Eric Flint, whose family name is Flint, is a man. He was educated at the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a human being described by Obalky knih.cz.
Roger Machado Marques was born in Porto Alegre, Brazil on 25 April 1975. He is a football player and manager, also from Brazil. He is a man.
Maniac Cop 2 is a slasher film, produced by Larry Cohen. It stars Michael Lerner, Robert Davi and Bruce Campbell. The original language of the film is English.
Directions is an album by PC Quest, a rock music and pop music band. It was released in 1992 and was produced by George Tobin.
Merry Christmas Everyone is a single (music) by Shakin' Stevens, released on 7 December 1985 by Epic Records. The song is a pop rock single and was produced by Dave Edmunds.
Rune Selj was born on 08 June 1952 in Norway. He is a male politician. He is a citizen of Norway. He is a member of the Conservative Party (Norway). He is a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway.
Rick Guttormson, a male from the United States, was born in Torrance, California on January 11, 1977. He is a baseball player who participates in the sport of Baseball.
Beth Campbell was born 1971 in the United States. She graduated from Truman State University with a degree in Fine Arts. She was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and is an artist. She is a woman.
Meant to Beh is a Christmas film from the Philippines. It was released on December 25th, 2017. The film was directed by Chris Martinez and distributed by OctoArts Films.
Yan Yinhua was born in China on August 12, 1968. She is a female cycle sport athlete and human.
Lupo the Butcher is a short film produced by Marv Newland in 1987. It was written by Danny Antonucci and directed by him.
The New Zealand Railways Department is the operator of the Roxburgh Branch which is a branch line in Otago, New Zealand.
Kyle Carr ( soccer ) is a male football player. He was born on January 21, 1995, in Indialantic, Florida. He is a member of Lansing Ignite FC and plays as a midfielder.
The Wilkinson House, located in Joelton, Tennessee, United States, is a historic building and a Single-family detached home. It was designed by architect Clarence Kelley Colley and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jeffrey Eggleston, a male athlete from the United States, was born in Rochester, New York on October 1, 1984. He is a marathon runner and competes in the sport of athletics.
143rd Street is a metro station in The Bronx, United States. It was opened on 23 May 1886 and closed on 12 May 1955. It was connected to the IRT Second Avenue Line.
Alif Hassan was born in Sarawak on 14 May 1994. He is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Sarawak FA.
Million Dollar Money Drop is a game show television series from France, originally broadcast on TF1 on December 20, 2010, and also started on December 20, 2010.
She's Come Undone is a novel written by Wally Lamb, published by Simon & Schuster in the United States on August 24, 1992.
Menachem Bello was born in Tel Aviv, Israel on December 26, 1947. He was a male football player who was a participant of the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Marinho, a football player, was born in Porto, Portugal on 30 March 1985. He is a male futsal player from Portugal.
Ed Brubaker is a man whose family name is Brubaker. He is a male cartoonist. Ed Brubaker's given name is Ed. Ed Brubaker is a human being. Ed Brubaker is described by Obalky knih.cz.
Betty Pariso was born in Cynthiana, Kentucky, USA on January 1, 1956. She is a female bodybuilder from the United States.
Adrian Cioroianu was born in Craiova, Romania on 5 January 1967. He is a historian, a journalist, and a politician.
David Francey, a man, resides in East Ayrshire. He has received the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year -- Solo and was also nominated for the same award.
Jair Pereira, a male football player from Mexico, was born in Cuautla, Morelos on July 7, 1986. He is a football player in the Association football genre.
The Rica Seilet Hotel is in Molde, Norway. It was constructed in 2002 and designed by Kjell Kosberg. The hotel is owned by Scandic Hotels.
The Toledo station, located in Naples, Italy, is a metro station that opened on April 12, 2012. It was established on January 1, 2012.
Vidya Vathi was born in Andhra Pradesh, India on August 16, 1994. She is a female actor who lives in Chennai.
The Orlando International Airport Intermodal Terminal is a train station in Orlando, Florida, United States, owned by the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority and located within the Orlando International Airport. It opened on November 17, 2017.
The 1999 Faber Grand Prix - Doubles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was part of the 1999 Faber Grand Prix and was held in the year 1999.
Shungiku Nakamura is a female illustrator and mangaka born in Japan on December 13, 1980. She is a Japanese citizen.
Tracy Wilson, a Canadian, was born in Lachine, Quebec on September 25, 1961. She is a figure skating coach and ice dancer.
The Windmill at Wijk bij Duurstede is a landscape painting in the Netherlands, which was created in 1670 by Jacob van Ruisdael and is owned by the Rijksmuseum.
Judy of Rogue's Harbor is a silent film from the United States. The screenplay was written by Clara Beranger. The cast includes Mary Miles Minter, Charles Meredith, and George Periolat.
Jan de Nijs was born in Amsterdam on January 25, 1958. He is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and is a professional sport cyclist and track cyclist who competes in the cycle sport genre.
Hassan Muhammad Makki was born in Yemen and attended the Sapienza University of Rome and the University of Bologna. He is a man and worked at the Sana'a University. He served as the Prime Minister of Yemen.
Hawke's Bay United FC is an association football club in Napier, New Zealand. They were founded in 2005. They play in the New Zealand Football Championship league.
Dalixia Fernández was born in Guantánamo, Cuba on 26 November 1977. She is a female volleyball player and a beach volleyball player from Cuba.
The Communist Party of Latvia was a communist party in Latvia, founded on January 1, 1904, in Riga. It was dissolved on January 1, 1991. The party was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Blackwell's Island is from the United States. It was produced by Warner Bros. and distributed by Warner Bros. It stars Stanley Fields and Granville Bates. It was released in English.
Mortty Ivy was born on April 26, 1986 in the United States. He is a male American football player who played for the Miami Dolphins.
The National Taichung Theater is a theater in Taichung, Taiwan. It is owned by the Taichung City Government and was opened on September 30, 2016. The theater was completed in 2015.
Liam Honohan, whose family name is Honohan, was born in 1969. He is a male Gaelic football player from Bishopstown, who plays for the Cork Senior Football Team.
Alan Solow is a male human being. He was born in the year 2000 in the United States. He is a citizen of the United States. He is a male. He graduated from Harvard Law School. He is a lawyer.
The Port of Hamburg, Germany, is operated by the Hamburg Port Authority. It was established on 7 May 1189 and is located in Hamburg, in the Unterelbe River.
Putting on the Ritz is a literary work. It was published in 1991. It is a Novel. It was written by Joe Keenan. It was published by Viking Press. The story takes place in New York City.
The London Company, a business, was based in London. It was founded in 1606 and dissolved in 1624. It was preceded by the Plymouth Company and succeeded by the Somers Isles Company.
Michel Voisin is a French politician born on 6 October 1944 in Replonges. He is a man and was the Mayor of Replonges.
Stephanie Sequeira, born 30 June 1993, is a female bodybuilder and human who participates in the sport of Bodybuilding.
Mike Thorne was born in Sunderland, United Kingdom on 25 January 1948. He is a pianist, composer, and record producer.
Sharbani Mukherjee was born in India. She is a human being and an actor from India. Her birth year is unclear, as the month is missing.
MC Yankoo is a male singer and rapper from Vienna, Austria, born on August 27, 1981. He is a citizen of Austria.
The 1912 Copenhagen Football Championship was an association football season organized by the Danish Football Union in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1912.
Carolina Indriago is a model and beauty pageant contestant from Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela. She was born on 22 August 1980 and is a woman.
Jack Howell, a baseball player, was born in Tucson, Arizona, United States on August 18, 1961. He is a male athlete who plays the sport of Baseball.
Italeri is an Italian company that was founded in 1962 in Bologna.
Emilie Ullerup was born in Copenhagen, Denmark on 27 October 1984. She is a female film actor and actor.
The India Meteorological Department is a government agency in India, located in New Delhi, and is a meteorological service. It was established in 1875 and is headquartered at Lodhi Road.
Liao Fan was born in Changsha, China on 14 February 1974. He is a stage actor, television actor, and actor.
Farragut West station is a metro station in Washington, D.C., United States. It is owned by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority and was opened in 1977. The station is an underground station.
Miriam Lau was born in Guangzhou, China on 27 April 1947. She is a female lawyer and politician.
Daniel Duarte, a male from Gibraltar, was born in Gibraltar on October 25, 1979. He is a football player and a citizen of the United Kingdom, who plays Association football.
The film Performance is a gay-related film starring John Creasey and Kenneth Colley. It was produced by Sanford Lieberson and distributed by Warner Bros. The film was also produced by Goodtimes Enterprises.
The World Film Company is a film production company in the United States. It was founded in 1914 by Lewis J. Selznick and is located in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
William Maclay, a man, was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and a United States representative. His surname is Maclay, and his given name is William. He worked in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Chetan Singh Hari was born in India on 14 September 1936. He was a male sport cyclist from the British Raj and India.
The French language film Chouans was directed by Bernard Zitzermann and produced by Ariel Zeitoun. It stars Philippe Noiret, Sophie Marceau, and Maxime Leroux.
Saskatchewan Highway 934 is a road in Saskatchewan, Canada, which is owned by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure (Saskatchewan) and maintained by the same entity. It is a part of the Roads in Saskatchewan system.
Devin Brown, a basketball player from the United States, was born in Salt Lake City on December 30, 1978. He is a male athlete who plays the sport of Basketball.
Tecumseh is the county seat of Johnson County, Nebraska, United States. Tecumseh is a city of the United States and was founded in 1856.
Tyrel is a 2018 drama film starring Jason Mitchell and directed by Sebastián Silva, who also wrote the screenplay.
The Woman Next Door is a 1919 film starring Ethel Clayton and directed by Robert G. Vignola. The screenplay was written by Carolyn Wells.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens, established in 1859, are located in Singapore. They are a botanical garden with an herbarium. The Singapore Botanic Gardens were inscribed as a World Heritage Site in 2016.
Yaya Soumahoro, a football player from the Ivory Coast, was born in Abidjan on 28 September 1989. He is a man and a citizen of the Ivory Coast.
The 2011 Players Championship, also known as The Players Championship, is a golf tournament in the United States. It is an instance of a golf tournament and took place in 2011. The sport of the tournament is golf and the winner was K.J. Choi.
The Harsimus Cove station is a tram stop in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, owned by NJ Transit. It was opened on November 18, 2000.
Philippe Durel, a man, was born in Granville, Manche, France on August 13, 1954. He is a sport cyclist and practices the sport of cycle sport.
The Hot Box is a 1972 exploitation film directed by Joe Viola and starring Carmen Argenziano. The screenplay was also written by Joe Viola.
Moirangthem Nara is a politician from India who was born on 27 May 1949. He is a member of the Communist Party of India. He is a human being.
Meet the Browns is a romance film distributed by Lionsgate and produced by Tyler Perry Studios. The film features Angela Bassett and Tyler Perry in the cast. The original language of the film is English.
Miho Yamada is a female gymnast from Tokyo, Japan. She was born on June 21, 1973. Miho Yamada is also a sports commentator and a rhythmic gymnast.
Shawn Christopher is a female singer from the United States. She is a human being and her genre is House music.
Mike England was born in Holywell, Flintshire, United Kingdom on 02 December 1941. He was a football player and a football manager. He is a man.
John Franco is the surname of John, a relief pitcher who played for the New York Mets and the Cincinnati Reds in the United States.
Andrzej Busza was born on 17 November 1938. He is a poet and a literary critic. Mr. Busza is a man from Poland and graduated from University College London.
Sean Reilly is a male businessperson and politician. He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA on June 1, 1961.
The 2016 film Werewolf is a drama directed by Ashley McKenzie and written by Ashley McKenzie. It stars Andrew Gillis and was released on September 9, 2016.
Beverly Naidus, a female artist, was born in 1953. She studied at Carleton College and NSCAD University. She is employed at the University of Washington.
A Fresh Air Romance is a drama short film from the United States. It was released in 1912, and was directed by Harold M Shaw. The short was distributed by Edison Studios.
Marco Baldan, born in Cittadella on 13 November 1993, is an association football player who plays as a defender for A.C. Perugia Calcio.
Kelly Klein is a professional wrestler and actor from the United States. She was born in St. Louis on January 28, 1986. Kelly Klein is a woman.
Secrets of the Orient is a drama film written by Norbert Falk. It was directed by Anatole Litvak and Alexandre Volkoff. The cast includes Nina Koshetz and Brigitte Helm.
Donna M. Loring was born on 01 October 1948 on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation. She graduated from the University of Maine and is a politician. Ms. Loring is a woman from the United States.
Kong Karls Land is an island group located in Svalbard, Norway, and is part of Svalbard. It is an island and was discovered in 1617.
Giulia Jones was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. She held this position from an unspecified start time to an unspecified end time, representing an electoral district.
Berland Anthony was born in India in 1923. He is an association football player who played as a goalkeeper for East Bengal FC.
Flensburger Brauerei is a brewery in Flensburg, Germany. It is a GmbH & Co. KG and was founded on September 6, 1888. Flensburger Brauerei is also a trademark.
The Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation operates the underground railway station, Aeogae station, located in Seoul, South Korea. The station was established in 1996.
Thunder Point is a novel written by Jack Higgins that was published in the United Kingdom in 1993. It is a thriller.
Nikolay Kulemin is a male ice hockey player from Russia who was born in Magnitogorsk on July 14, 1986. He participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Olivia Fergusson is a female human being. She was born on 27 March 1995 in Burntwood. She is a football player for Aston Villa F.C.
Anthem is a science fiction novel written by Ayn Rand and published in the United States in 1938. It is a literary work.
The book Wild at Heart was written by John Eldredge in the United States and published in 2001 in English by Thomas Nelson.
Sam Jeffries is a male rugby union player from Brisbane, Australia. He was born on May 20, 1992 and represents the NEC Green Rockets.
Sanni Hakala, a Finnish ice hockey player, was born in Jyväskylä on 31 October 1997. She is a woman who plays ice hockey.
Front Office Football is a sports game from the United States, published by EA Sports. The game was released in 1999 for Microsoft Windows.
Shunsuke Michieda was born in Osaka Prefecture, Japan on July 25, 2002. He is a human being and an actor.
J.B. Woodman is a male baseball player born in Orlando, Florida on December 13, 1994. He plays for the Palm Beach Cardinals.
Fuchu Athletic FC is a Japanese football club that was founded in 2000. It is a futsal team and a member of the F. League. The club plays the sport of Futsal.
Evangelical Lyceum is a school in Bratislava, Slovakia. It was established in 1991. It is located in the country's capital city, Bratislava. It is categorised as a cultural heritage monument.
Jackson Guitars, a musical instrument manufacturing company in the United States, was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. The company is owned by Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
Moore County was created on January 1, 1876, is a county of Texas, United States. Its capital is Dumas and it borders Potter County, Texas.
Cadena Dial is a radio station in Spain and Andorra, owned by PRISA. It was founded on September 3rd, 1990 and is headquartered in Madrid.
Soul Grabber is a jazz album by Willis Jackson (saxophonist) released in 1967 by Prestige Records and produced by Cal Lampley.
IronRuby is a free and open-source software that was created in 2007 by Microsoft. It is a programming language implementation for Microsoft Windows.
The Sword and the Cross is a drama film written by Sandro Continenza. It was directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani. The cast includes Massimo Serato and Andrea Aureli.
Sid and Nancy is a biographical film starring Perry Benson, David Hayman, and Andrew Schofield. It was produced by Eric Fellner and distributed by Samuel Goldwyn.
Revy Rosalia, a football player, was born in Rotterdam on 8 December 1982. He is a male citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and plays Association football.
Ben Hellewell was born on 30 January 1992 in Bradford. He is a male rugby league player who plays for Featherstone Rovers.
Jessica Manley was born in England. She is a female film actor and actor from the United Kingdom, born on January 1, 1985.
Sean Fingleton, a painter, was born in 1950 in the Republic of Ireland. He is a man.
Tom is a biographical documentary film from Canada, released on September 12, 2002. It was directed by Mike Hoolboom.
Jamie Slabber, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in the London Borough of Enfield on December 31, 1984. He is a footballer who plays Association football.
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF is a book from the United States. It is a science fiction and short story book edited by Arthur W. Saha, published in 1975.
Bradley Langenhoven, a male rugby union player from Namibia, was born in Walvis Bay on December 3, 1983. He is a citizen of Namibia.
Mike Davis (rugby union) was a male rugby union player who represented the England national rugby union team. He was born in Lichfield, United Kingdom on 23 January 1942.
Foolish Foolish is a single (music) and a song by Yuya Matsushita, released on November 26, 2008, by Epic Records. The song is a J-pop single.
The Scheme for Full Employment is a novel written by Magnus Mills, published by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom in March 2003.
Priyankar Mukherjee was born in India on March 29, 1985. He is a male cricketer who plays the sport of Cricket and is a human being.
Val Demings was born in Jacksonville, Florida, USA on 12 March 1957. She is a social worker, police officer, and chief of police. She is a citizen of the United States.
The Klöckner Stadium is owned by the University of Virginia and is a stadium located in Virginia, United States. It is operated by the Virginia Cavaliers, who are also its occupants.
The Last Emperor won the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing, the Academy Award for Best Film Editing, and the Academy Award for Best Production Design. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing and the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue, a sculpture, was created by Theodore Cotillo Barbarossa in 1976. It is located in Massachusetts, United States, and commemorates Samuel Wilson.
Casey Kotchman, a baseball player, was born in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States on February 22, 1983. He is a male athlete who plays the sport of Baseball.
Sandra Jordan, a female, was born in 1901. Sandra Jordan is a woman. Sandra Jordan is a human being. Sandra Jordan's given name is Sandra. Sandra Jordan's family name is Jordan. Sandra Jordan is a journalist.
Samuel Lacey, known as Sam Lacey, is a basketball player who played center for the Cincinnati Royals and Brooklyn Nets.
Mohamed Sakho, a midfielder, is a player for Olympic Club de Safi and Étoile Sportive du Sahel in association football.
Always and Ever is a rock music single by Southern Sons, released in 1990 and part of the Southern Sons album. The single is also available on the RCA Records label.
Perci Garner was born in Dover, Ohio on December 13, 1988. He is a baseball player and also played American football. He played for the Cleveland Indians.
Terumi Asoshina was born in Japan on August 2, 1982. She is a female long-distance runner and athlete in the sport of athletics. Terumi Asoshina is a human.
Alice International Airport, located in Alice, Texas, United States, was established on January 2, 1943. It is an international airport serving the transport hub of Alice, Texas.
Achraf Lazaar was a member of S.S.D. Palermo. His time with the team began and ended at the same time.
NK Croatia Sesvete is a defunct association football club from Croatia, based in Zagreb. The club was founded in 1957 and dissolved in 2012. It was a sports club that played Association football.
Eric Abrams, a male American football player, was born in University City, San Diego, United States in 1974. He is a citizen of the United States.
Juliette Brindak was born in New York City in 1989. She is a female. She attended Greenwich High School and is a human being. Her given name is Juliette.
The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday is a comedy film produced by American International Pictures. It was distributed by American International Pictures and stars Robert Culp and Sylvia Miles. The language of the film is English.
The Blair Witch Project is a film that was released on 25 January 1999 and 25 November 1999. It stars Joshua Leonard and Jim King, a saxophonist, and passes the Bechdel test.
Hillhead subway station is part of the Glasgow Subway in Glasgow City, United Kingdom. The station is a metro station located underground and was opened on December 14, 1896.
Jamie Young, a member of the Boston Celtics, is a basketball coach. He is a member of the Blackburn College (Illinois) basketball team and is a man.
The Old Greenbelt Theatre is part of the Greenbelt Historic District which is part of the Resettlement Administration. The district, which was designed in the Streamline Moderne architectural style by Reginald Jeffrey Wadsworth, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Rolling Stones are the performers of the song \"You Got the Silver\" from their album Let It Bleed. The song was written by Mick Jagger and produced by Jimmy Miller. Rock music is the musical genre of the song.
Carl Peter Stoltenberg, a man from Norway, is a member of the Independence Party. His surname is Stoltenberg. He is a member of the Parliament of Norway.
Bearna / Na Forbacha GAA is a sports club in County Galway, Republic of Ireland. They were founded in 1992 and are involved in hurling.
Some Girls is a romantic comedy-drama film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, starring Jennifer Connelly and Patrick Dempsey.
El Porvenir Airport is located in Guna Yala, Panama. It is an airport named after El Porvenir, Guna Yala, and serves the transport hub of El Porvenir, Guna Yala. It is different from El Porvenir Airport (Honduras).
The Gila River Arena is an arena located in Glendale, Arizona, United States. It is owned by the city of Glendale, Arizona. The arena is operated by the Arizona Coyotes and is the home of the Arizona Coyotes.
The Rebel is a South Korean TV series, a historical fiction drama that first aired on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation on 30 January 2017.
Autumn Shower is a drama television series which originated in South Korea. The series was broadcast on the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation and began on September 21st, 2005 and ended on November 10th, 2005.
Tsushimanomiya Station, in Mitoyo, Kagawa, Japan, is a train station which was opened on 7 May 1915. It is part of the Yosan Line and is a train station.
Christa Pike was born in West Virginia on March 10th 1976. She is a female and a citizen of the United States. Her surname is Pike.
Level Headed is an album by The Sweet, released in 1978. The album is a mix of art rock and glam rock genres. The record label is Polydor Records.
Astrid Gjertsen, a female politician from Norway, was born on 14 September 1928 in Horsens. She was a member of the Parliament of Norway.
I Wanna Fall in Love is a country music single by Lila McCann, released on September 1997 and included on the Lila album. The single is distributed by Asylum Records.
La Gran tentación is a 1948 film directed by Ernesto Arancibia. The film stars José Olarra and Elisa Galvé.
Matt Mead was born in Jackson, Wyoming, USA on 11 March 1962. He is a lawyer, businessperson, and politician from the United States.
Chalo is a 2018 film that is an action comedy film and a romantic comedy. It stars Mime Gopi and Naga Shaurya and was released on 2 February 2018.
The 2006 China Open (badminton) is an open championship badminton event held in China in the year 2006. It is part of the China Open (badminton) and features a men's doubles competition.
Brian Page, born on May 8, 1966, in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, is a male tennis player.
Seiko Niizuma was born in Inazawa, Aichi, Japan on 8 October 1980. She is a female singer and voice actor in Japan.
Broadcast News is a romantic comedy, comedy-drama written by James L. Brooks. The film features Marc Shaiman, William Hurt and Jack Nicholson in the cast.
Victoria City Hall, in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, was designed by architect John Teague. It was completed in 1890. The building's heritage designation is BC.
The Thirteen Chairs is a film written by Nicolas Gessner. It features Vittorio Gassman, Mirella Pamphili and Ottavia Piccolo in the cast. It was produced by Claude Giroux and was originally shown in English.
The 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals - Men's Singles was a tennis event held in Brazil in the year 2011 and is a part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals.
Doug Geiss is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives and resides in Lansing, Michigan. Doug Geiss is a human being who speaks English.
The Book of Strange New Things is a science fiction novel written by Michel Faber, published by Hogarth Press in the United States on 01 January 2014.
Kaori Mizumori is a female singer born in Kita, Tokyo, Japan on 31 August 1973. She graduated from Josai Junior College and is a citizen of Japan.
Paul Pettinger, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Sheffield on October 1, 1975. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Ruskin Pottery is a business located in Smethwick, United Kingdom. It is a pottery studio established on 01 January 1898.
The Cayman Islands are a group of islands, discovered by Christopher Columbus on 10 May 1503, located in the British Overseas Territories, which is a part of the United Kingdom.
The Golden Palominos are an alternative rock band from Cleveland, founded in 1981 by Anton Fier. They released their debut album, This is How It Feels.
The song "Good Good Night" is a hip hop song by Roscoe Dash, released on January 1, 2011. It is part of the EP J.U.I.C.E. and was produced by Kane Beatz.
Ellen McIlwaine, a female singer-songwriter, was born in Nashville, Tennessee, United States on 1 October 1945.
Bob Riedy was born on August 26, 1945 in the United States. He is a male basketball player who played for the Houston Mavericks. He is a citizen of the United States.
Ashok Vajpeyi is a human being. He is a translator. He was educated at St. Stephen's College, Delhi. He speaks and writes in Hindi. His notable work is Kahin Nahin Wahin.
Kevin Leveille, a lacrosse player, was born in Delmar, New York, United States on August 18, 1981. He is a male athlete who plays Lacrosse.
Jim Rygiel is a human. He won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, and he won it again, and was nominated for it again, and won it again.
Barry Cable was born in Narrogin, Western Australia on 22 September 1943. He was a male Australian rules football player and coach from Australia.
The Riddick Stadium is owned by North Carolina State University and is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States. The stadium is operated by North Carolina State University and is occupied by the university itself.
Daniel Martins, a Portuguese footballer, was born in Torres Vedras, Portugal on 23 June 1993. He is a male football player in the Association football genre.
Jeremy Lewis was born in West Palm Beach, Florida on February 1, 1990. He is a gridiron football player who plays both Canadian and American football, and has played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot was born on August 22, 1944, in the United States. She is a female sociologist. She studied at Harvard Graduate School of Education and worked at Harvard University.
Hotaru no Nikki is a video game from Japan, released on June 19, 2014, which is an action-adventure game. It was published by Nippon Ichi Software and is available for the PlayStation Vita.
Danny Lippens, a male, was born in Eeklo, Belgium on 18 September 1961. He is a sport cyclist from Belgium.
Amit Rawal was born in Chandigarh, India on 21 September 1963. He graduated from Panjab University and is a judge. Mr. Rawal is a man.
The NEC Corporation of America was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas, United States. Its parent organization is NEC and it does business in the United States. The company also owns the subsidiary DIMACS.
Trapt from the United States is the artist of Reborn, their hard rock album. The album was released on the EMI Records label on the 30th of July 2013.
The Aviva Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. The Irish Rugby Football Union own the Aviva Stadium, the occupants of which are, the Republic of Ireland national football team.
Live for Loving You is a pop music single by Gloria Estefan, released on September 1991 and included on the Into the Light album. The single is available on the Epic Records label.
Jeff Dean is a musician from the United States. He is male. He won the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award. His given name is Jeff and his surname is Dean.
The film Sunset Boulevard was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Paramount Pictures. It features Al Ferguson and Fred Clark in the cast. The film is from the United States and is set in Los Angeles.
Luciana Morales Mendoza was born in Lima, Peru on 1 January 1987. She is a female chess player.
Peter Macdissi, a human being, resides in Los Angeles. He is a male actor who was born in 1993 and whose given name is Peter.
Sports Direct is a business in the United Kingdom, founded in 1982. It is a brick and mortar store and is owned by Mike Ashley. The company is headquartered in Shirebrook.
Cal Henderson was born on 17 January 1981. He is a male, blogger and engineer. He attended Sharnbrook Academy.
Susana Mora, a female football player from Mexico, was born in Mexico on January 26, 1979. She is a citizen of Mexico and plays Association football.
Heaven Knows is a pop music single by Rick Price, released on July 1992 and part of the Heaven Knows album. The single is available on the Columbia Records label.
John F. Kelly (Michigan politician) was a male politician from Detroit, Michigan. He was born on September 6, 1949 and died on September 16, 2018. He graduated from Wayne State University.
The Byurakan Observatory, an astronomical observatory, is part of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences and is located in Byurakan, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia. The observatory was established in 1946.
Mushi Production is an animation studio in Japan. It was founded in 1961 by Osamu Tezuka.
Robin Room was born in Australia on 28 December 1939. He graduated from Princeton University and is a sociologist. Mr. Room is a man from Australia.
The Louis Delhaize Group, a public company in the retail industry, was founded on January 1, 1875 and is headquartered in Charleroi.
Cho Kwang-rae was born in Jinju, South Korea on 19 March 1954. He is a football player and a football manager. Cho Kwang-rae is a man.
Mikhail Panin was born in Oskemen on 15 January 1961. He is an ice hockey player who has played for both Krylya Sovetov Moscow and SKA Saint Petersburg.
Karl Fairbank is a human being. He was born on 1 June 1963. Karl Fairbank is a male rugby league player from the United Kingdom and was a member of the Bradford Bulls team.
Nea Salamis Famagusta VC won the 1998-1999 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, 2000-01 Cypriot Men's Volleyball Cup, and 2012-13 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1. They also participated in the 1988-1989 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, 1994-1995 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, and 2013-14 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1.
Symbol Technologies, a business founded by Jerome Swartz, is based in Holtsville, New York, Netherlands. The company was founded in 1975 and dissolved in 2007.
The Rear Gunner is a film from the United States. The film was released on April 10th, 1943. It is a drama film directed by Ray Enright and distributed by Warner Bros.
The 1989 Toray Pan Pacific Open - Doubles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was a women's doubles tennis event held in the year 1989.
Crazy Women is a country music single by LeAnn Rimes, released on 10 December 2010 and part of the Lady & Gentlemen album. The single is also included on the Curb Records label.
Lionel Isherwood, a citizen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the United Kingdom, played cricket for Hampshire County Cricket Club and Sussex County Cricket Club.
Shafi Parambil was born on 12 February 1983 in India. He is a male politician from the Indian National Congress. He is a member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation is a business in China. It was founded on January 1, 1958, in Xi'an and is owned by Aviation Industry Corporation of China. Its parent organization is China Aviation Industry Corporation I.
Petr Mocek was born in Czechoslovakia on 8 December 1980. He is a male ice hockey player and a citizen of the Czech Republic.
Ashley Allanson, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Kingston upon Hull on 13 November 1986. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Don L. Anderson studied at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was a doctoral student of Thomas H. Jordan. He was awarded the James B. Macelwane Medal and the Guggenheim Fellowship. He is a seismologist. Frank Press was the doctoral advisor to Don L. Anderson.
Rosa Kellner, a female from Germany, participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
The Football Federation of Burundi is the owner of the Burundi women's national football team. The team play in the Women's Association Football competition. Burundi is the country for Burundi.
Turtle Soup is a folk rock album by The Turtles, released in October 1969 by White Whale Records. It was produced by Ray Davies.
Pablo Puente was born in Colindres, Spain on 16 June 1931. He graduated from the Comillas Pontifical University and is a Catholic priest. Mr. Puente is a man from Spain.
Jacqueline Soames is a figure skater from the United Kingdom who was born in Nuneaton on September 30, 1968. She was a female figure skater who participated in pair skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
Vendela is a novel written by Kaari Utrio and published by Tammi in Finland in 1989.
The film Jalopy, released on January 1, 1953, is a film starring Leo Gorcey. It was directed by William Beaudine and the music was composed by Marlin Skiles. The screenplay was written by Tim Ryan.
The novel We of the Never Never was written by Jeannie Gunn and published in 1908. The novel is from Australia and is set in Elsey Station.
Matt McKnight, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Halkirk, Alberta on June 14, 1984. He is a male athlete who plays the sport of Ice hockey.
Yaw Arnol, a football player, was born in Ho, Ghana on 3 December 1997. He is a male citizen of Ghana and plays Association football.
The Terrazza Martini Tower is a skyscraper located in Genoa, Italy. It was designed by Marcello Piacentini and was inaugurated in 1940.
Sara Martínez Puntero is a female athletics competitor from Spain who was born in Madrid on February 26, 1990. She competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Telia Company is a business and enterprise based in Sweden, owned by the Government of Sweden. The company was founded on January 1st, 2003 and is headquartered in Stockholm.
Bob Johnston is the producer of the song \"4th Time Around,\" which is a folk rock song. It was performed by Bob Dylan. The song is from the album Blonde on Blonde and is available through Columbia Records.
The Gunfighter is a Western film written by Roger Corman and William Bowers. It stars Kenneth Tobey, Hank Patterson and Pierce Lyden.
Victor Rodrigues da Silva was born in Brazil on 10 February 1976. He is a male football player from Brazil and also a citizen of South Korea.
Caldecott MRT station is part of the Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) system, located in Singapore. It is an underground metro station in Singapore, opened on October 8, 2011.
Tom MacLeod, whose full name is Tom (given name), is a human being. He played linebacker for the Baltimore Colts (1947-50) and the Green Bay Packers.
VV DESK is a Dutch association football club based in Waalwijk. The club was founded on 29 May 1930 and is located in Waalwijk, Netherlands.
Wings Upon Your Horns is an album by Loretta Lynn, released on January 5, 1970. The album is a country music album and was produced by Owen Bradley. It was released by Decca Records.
Zhishan metro station is part of the Taipei Metro in Taipei, Taiwan. The elevated station was opened in 1997 and is a type of metro station.
Merze Tate is the surname of Merze Tate, who was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame. She studied at Western Michigan University and Harvard University, and worked for Howard University. Merze Tate is a human being.
Tandia is a novel written by Bryce Courtenay and published in May 1991. It is a literary work from Australia, written in English.
Charisse Mills is a Trinidad and Tobago citizen who was born on 12 January 1988 in Trinidad and Tobago. She is a female singer and opera singer.
Apolline Traoré was born in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. Her birthdate is unknown, however she is a filmmaker. She is a woman who graduated from Emerson College and is a citizen of Burkina Faso.
David Renneberg was born on September 23, 1942. He is a male cricketer from Australia who played for the Australia national cricket team.
Never Mind the Quality Feel the Width is a comedy film from the United Kingdom. It was produced by EMI Films, filmed at Pinewood Studios in London and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Kentucky Route 34 is a road in Kentucky, United States, which is owned by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and is part of the Numbered highways in Kentucky. The road is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and is located in the state of Kentucky.
A Knight of the Word is a speculative fiction novel written by Terry Brooks and published by Del Rey Books in the United States in 1998.
Taiz University in Taiz, Yemen was established in 1996.
Edmund Yeo, a male, was born in Singapore on 6 March 1984. He is a film director from Malaysia.
The Bulkemsmolen is a watermill located in Simpelveld, Netherlands. It is a gristmill that was established in 1774.
The Brunswick Corporation is a joint-stock company founded by J.M. Brunswick in 1845 in Lake Forest, Illinois, United States.
The film Burning Love is a 2015 Italian language comedy film directed by Alberto Caviglia and produced by Luigi Musini.
Robin Raphel was born in Vancouver, Washington in 1947. She graduated from the University of Washington. She worked at the University of Washington. She is a female diplomat.
Audio Playground is a Canadian dance music band from Edmonton, formed in 2009. They are a rock and pop band signed to Sony Music.
Els Dottermans is a Belgian film actor, performing artist, and singer. She was born in Leuven on May 16, 1964.
Eaton Square Mayfair is a private school located in London, United Kingdom. It is an independent school established in 2017 in the City of Westminster.
The United States is the origin of Stranger on the Third Floor. It was produced by RKO Pictures and distributed by RKO Pictures. The director of photography for the movie was Nicholas Musuraca. Dell Henderson and Charles Halton are both in the cast.
Too Cold is a hip hop music single by Roots Manuva, released on 21 March 2005 and distributed by Big Dada. The single is part of the Awfully Deep album.
Overland with Kit Carson, a film from the United States, was written by Joseph F. Poland and produced by Jack Fier. It stars Iris Meredith and Richard Fiske, and the original language of the film is English language.
JJ Lin was born in Singapore on 27 March 1981. He is a singer, singer-songwriter, and actor from Singapore.
Mohamed Shawky is an association football player who plays as a midfielder. He plays for Smouha SC and Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC in the Premier League. He is also a human being.
Grayson McCouch is a stage actor, television actor, and actor from the United States. He was born in New York City on October 29, 1968.
Jason Palmada was born in New Zealand on February 25th, 1969. He is a male rugby league player who was born in New Zealand and is a citizen of New Zealand. He played for Workington Town.
The Bellboy is a comedy film written by Jerry Lewis, starring Jerry Lewis, Maxie Rosenbloom and Jack Weston. Jerry Lewis also produced the film.
Francis Clarke's family name is Clarke. His given name is Francis. He is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and holds the same position again. He speaks the English language. Francis Clarke is a human being.
Gianluca Alfenoni was born in Zárate, Buenos Aires on January 20, 1996. He is a male football player who plays as a midfielder for Defensores Unidos.
Ulrike Malmendier was born on 01 August 1973. She is a university teacher and an economist. She is a woman from Germany and graduated from the University of Bonn.
Turquoise Hill Resources is a business in Vancouver. It was founded in 1994 by Robert Friedland. The company is involved in the mining industry and is listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Wil Myers is the name of the first baseman who plays for the Tampa Bay Rays and San Diego Padres in the United States. His surname is Myers.
Steve Skroce is a male cartoonist and comics artist from Canada. He was born in 1901.
Mehmet Topuz, a male football player, was born in Yozgat, Turkey on September 7, 1983. He is a citizen of Turkey and plays Association football.
Roy Long (04 September 1914 - 04 April 1985) was a male Australian rules football player who played for the Hawthorn Football Club. He was involved in Australian rules football.
U.S. Route 91 is a road in the United States. It was created in 1926 and is owned by the Idaho Transportation Department. The road is located in both Idaho and Utah.
Andy Whiteford is a male football player and manager from Scotland, born on 22 August 1977. He is also a football manager.
The Nosebleeds, a punk rock band from Manchester, United Kingdom, was formed in 1976. Vini Reilly is one of the band's members.
Masayoshi Takemura, a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, was the Minister of Finance. He is also a member of the Democratic Party of Japan. His family name is Takemura, and his given name is Masayoshi. He is employed at Tokushima Bunri University.
The film Gentlemen Among Themselves was released on October 1, 1929 in Germany. It was directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein, written by Franz Rauch and starred Hermann Picha.
Jumbunna railway station is an abandoned train station located in Victoria, Australia. It was opened in 1894 and was connected to the Outtrim railway line.
Lewis Neal, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Leicester on July 14, 1981. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Daniel Henshall is a film actor, television actor and actor from Australia. He was born in Sydney on 9 August 1982.
The Veterans Memorial Bridge is a bascule bridge located in Massachusetts, United States. It crosses the Taunton River and was opened on 11 October 2011. It is maintained by the Massachusetts Highway Department.
Expelled from Paradise is a science fiction and post-apocalyptic film written by Gen Urobuchi and directed by Seiji Mizushima. It stars Hiroshi Kamiya and Hisao Egawa.
Inverleith House, designed by David Henderson, is an architectural structure located in Inverleith, Edinburgh, in the city of Edinburgh, United Kingdom.
Sofia Ashraf is a female singer born in Chennai in 1987. She graduated from the University of Madras and uses the voice as an instrument.
Wayne Wood, a male ice hockey player, was born in Toronto, Canada on June 5, 1951. He is a citizen of Canada and plays the sport of Ice hockey.
The Anderson Memorial Bridge, built in 1915, is an arch bridge that crosses the Charles River. It is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Kosali Simon was a United States citizen, who graduated from Hamilton College with a doctorate in economics. She is an economist and worked at Indiana University. William N. Evans was her doctoral advisor. Kosali Simon is a woman.
Nikolaos Zafeiropoulos, a male football player from Greece, was born in Greece on January 8, 1974. He is a citizen of Greece and plays Association football.
Hornet Flight is a novel written by Ken Follett that was published in 2002 in Wales. It is a thriller.
Later That Evening is a jazz album by Eberhard Weber, released in 1982 on ECM Records. It was produced by Manfred Eicher.
Jens Semjan, a man, was born in Ulm, Germany on 13 February 1979. He is an artist.
Oakgrove School is an academy located in Milton Keynes, United Kingdom. It was founded in 2005 and relocated to the Borough of Milton Keynes in 2011.
Dark Quetzal is a speculative fiction novel written by Katherine Roberts, published by Scholastic Corporation in the United Kingdom on 01 March 2003.
Gilbert Lao, a basketball player, was born in Manila, Philippines on 13 September 1978. He is a male citizen of the Philippines.
Carlos Duarte (footballer) was born in Huambo on 25 March 1933. He is a male football player from Portugal and participates in the sport of Association football.
Miyakojima Station, located in Miyakojima-ku, Osaka, Japan, is a metro station that was established on May 29, 1974.
Soraya Saga is a female painter and illustrator from Japan, born on January 1, 1969. She is also a Japanese citizen.
StopBadware is a computer security organization founded by John Palfrey in 2006 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It is located in Cambridge, Massachusetts and its field of work is computing.
The film 22 Female Kottayam was released on 13 April 2012. It was directed by Aashiq Abu and stars Rima Kallingal, Fahadh Faasil. The film's musical score is by Bijibal.
Patricia Dowling, a lawyer, judge, and politician from the United States, was born in Lawrence, Massachusetts on December 10, 1957.
Nadia Sharmeen was born in 1950. She is a female citizen of Bangladesh. She is a journalist and received the International Women of Courage Award. Her given name is Nadia.
Shizue Miyabe was born in Nara, Japan on August 3rd, 1938. She was a female swimmer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Joe Womack was born in Fort Worth, Texas on December 10, 1936. He is an American football player who played halfback for the Cal State Los Angeles Golden Eagles.
The animated short film Hop, Look and Listen was composed by Carl W. Stalling, directed by Robert McKimson, and produced by Edward Selzer. The film was released in 1948 and is in the English language.
The Critical Legal Studies Movement is a book on Law written in English by Roberto Mangabeira Unger and published in 1983 in the United States.
Irving Kirsch was born in New York City on 07 March 1943. He graduated from the University of Southern California and is a researcher. Mr. Kirsch is a man of American citizenship.
Saravanan (actor) was born in Tamil Nadu, India on October 10, 1966. He is a male human being and an actor.
Matteo Fabbro, a male, was born in Udine, Italy on April 10, 1995. He is a sport cyclist.
Mozilla is a nonprofit organization based in San Francisco. It was founded by Netscape on 28 February 1998. The company's chief executive officer is Mitchell Baker. Mozilla operates in the open-source software industry.
The Edge of Evolution is written by Michael Behe, published by Free Press. It was published in the United States on June 5th, 2007.
Kiana Weber, a female, was born in Chelsea, Michigan. She is a violinist who was educated at the University of Michigan and plays the violin.
Tore Down a la Rimbaud is a Celtic music single by Van Morrison, released in 1985 and part of the A Sense of Wonder album. The single is available on the Mercury Records label.
Secret Fortune is a game show that was created by Matthew Worthy and broadcast on BBC One. The series originated in the U.K. and is broadcast in English.
Witchcraft is a song by Frank Sinatra, released in 1957 by Capitol Records. The song is a swing music production by Dave Cavanaugh.
The Fighting Skipper is a 1923 silent film serial distributed by Arrow Film Corporation. It was directed by Francis Ford and starred Jack Perrin.
John Wozniak was born in Minneapolis, United States on 19 January 1971. He is a singer, singer-songwriter and songwriter.
Time Lines is an album by Andrew Hill (jazz musician) that was released on Blue Note Records in 2006. It is a jazz album.
Tanya Sharma is a female actor and television actor from India, born on 27 September 1995. Her given name is Tanya.
Amanda Lear performs the Euro disco song Queen of Chinatown, which is part of the song I Am a Photograph. It was released in 1977 as a single.
Cineriz is a business founded by Angelo Rizzoli in Rome, Italy. Cineriz was founded in 1956 and dissolved in 1993.
The 2010 Billie Jean King Cup was a tennis tournament edition held in the United States in 2010. It was also an instance of the BNP Paribas Showdown and took place in Manhattan.
Taijo Teniste was born in Tartu, Estonia on 31 January 1988. He is a football player and a citizen of Estonia, and he plays Association football.
And the Big Men Fly is a Sport novel written by Alan Hopgood, published by Heinemann in Australia in 1963.
Gertrude Mwangala was born in 1954. She is a female academic who graduated from the University of Zambia. She is a citizen of Zambia and resides in Livingstone, Zambia.
Ted Jennings, a defensive end, was educated at Chaminade Julienne High School. He was a member of the UConn Huskies football team and is known as a human being.
Pablo Torrealba, a male baseball player from Venezuela, was born in Barquisimeto on April 28, 1948. He is a professional baseball player who represents Venezuela in the sport of Baseball.
Chintayami Manasa is a book written by Suresh Joshi, published in 1983. The book is a literary criticism and received the Sahitya Akademi Award.
DreamForge Intertainment was a video game developer located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The company was founded in 1990 and dissolved in 2000.
Apache Tuscany is a free software developed by The Apache Software Foundation and licensed under the Apache License. It can be written in both C++ and Java programming languages.
Petr Korda is a human being from the Czech Republic who resides in Monte Carlo. He is involved in the sport of tennis and has a given name of Petr. Doping in sport is a significant event.
Towson University is located in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. It was founded in 1866 and is affiliated with the University System of Maryland.
The Duri -- Tangerang railway is a railway line in Indonesia, specifically located in Jakarta. It is owned by the Indonesian Railway Company and operated by KRL Commuterline. It was opened in 1899.
The South Dakota Cultural Heritage Center is a heritage centre in Pierre, South Dakota, United States. It was created in 1989 and operated by the South Dakota State Historical Society. It is distinct from the Museum of the South Dakota State Historical Society.
Space Rangers 2: Dominators is a video game published by 1C Company, developed by Elemental Games and released on June 17, 2005. It is an interactive fiction game for Microsoft Windows.
Natsagiin Bagabandi, a human being, is a member of the Mongolian People's Party. He held the position of President of Mongolia and General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party. He was awarded the Order of Friendship and the Order of Sukhbaatar.
Olga Smorodskaya was born in Gomel on 07 November 1956. She graduated from the Plekhanov Russian University of Economics and is a banker. She is a woman from Russia.
The 1979 Canadian Grand Prix was an auto racing event held at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada on September 30th, 1979. It was part of the 1979 Formula One season and an instance of the Canadian Grand Prix.
Damon Williams was born in Washington, D.C. on December 12, 1973. He is a basketball player and a coach, also from the United States. Damon Williams is a man.
Comparing Media Systems is a book written by Paolo Mancini and Daniel C. Hallin, published by Cambridge University Press in the United States in 2004.
The Lowell Technological Institute was a college in Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1895 and dissolved in 1975. It was succeeded by the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
The Wandering Islands is a literary work, a book, and a poetry collection written by A.D. Hope, published in Australia in 1955.
The musical film Laughing in the Sunshine, starring Jane Hylton, was released in 1956. The musical score was provided by Jules Sylvain and it is a romance film. It was directed by Daniel Birt.
Missouri Route 465 is a road in Missouri, United States. It was created in 2003 and is owned by the Missouri Department of Transportation.
Vemma is a multi-level marketing company and pyramid scheme based in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States, that specializes in the energy drink industry and was founded on January 1, 2004.
Richard Cramb was a male rugby union player from the United Kingdom, born in Falkirk on 7 September 1963. He represented the Newcastle Falcons.
Arthit Tanusorn, a football player from Thailand, was born in Saraburi on 16 February 1975. He is a man and a citizen of Thailand.
Crowes railway station is located in Victoria, Australia. It is an abandoned train station that was established in 1910.
Glen Tomlinson was born in Australia on 18 March 1970. He is a male rugby league player who was born in Australia and represented the country. He played for Wakefield Trinity.
Marvin Filipo was born in Auckland on 20 March 1987. He is a male rugby league player from New Zealand. His given name is Marvin.
Roy Andrew Miller, aka Roy Andrew Miller, was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. He was born Roy Andrew Miller, is the surname of Roy, graduated from Columbia University, worked at the University of Washington, and was named man of the match.
Susan Gunn was born in Greater Manchester in 1965. She is a painter and human being. She studied at the Norwich University of the Arts.
The song "Green River" was recorded on the Beach Street Records label. John Fogerty is the producer, composer, and writer of the song. The song originates from the United States and follows the song "Bad Moon Rising".
Detective Comics is a comic book from the United States. It was published by DC Comics. The comic book was created by Bill Finger. It is written in English. It was started in 1937.
Villarreal CF B is a Spanish association football club located in Villarreal. It was founded in 1999. They play in the Segunda División B league. The club is an association football club.
Marian Dora is a director, film producer, and screenwriter from Germany. She was born in Southern Germany on January 1, 2000.
The film Victoria Day was released in 2009. It was directed and written by David Bezmozgis and starred Mark Rendall. The music for the film was composed by Lesley Barber.
You Meihong (born 北三日 1993) is a female swimmer from China, who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Vishwaroopam is a spy film written by Kamal Haasan, directed by Kamal Haasan, starring Kamal Haasan and Shekhar Kapur, and produced by Prasad V. Potluri.
The Tale of Pigling Bland is a children's literature written by Beatrix Potter and published by Frederick Warne & Co in England in 1913.
An Old-Fashioned Girl is a Novel written by Louisa May Alcott and published by Roberts Brothers in the United States in 1869.
Clay is a 1965 drama film from Australia. It was directed by Giorgio Mangiamele and released on January 1, 1966, but was initially released in 1965.
The novel Gallows Thief was written by Bernard Cornwell and published in October 2001. It is a literary work from the United Kingdom and is set in London.
Michele Romanow was born in Calgary, Canada on 12 June 1985. She graduated from Queen's University and is a businessperson. Michele Romanow is a woman.
Star Spangled Rhythm is a musical film distributed by Paramount Pictures. It stars Albert Dekker and Bob Hope. The film was directed by George Marshall. Paramount Pictures is also the production company behind the film.
A Ciambra, a 12 Kijkwijzer rated film, is from Italy. The film is set in Ciambra and Gioia Tauro. It is an Italian language film, directed by Tim Curtin.
The Complex Rock Tour Live is a live album by the Blue Man Group. The Complex Rock Tour Live was released in 2003 and is a sequel to The Complex and followed by Live at The Venetian - Las Vegas. The Complex Rock Tour Live's genre is experimental rock.
Kevin Nicholson was born in Derby, United Kingdom on 02 October 1980. He is a football player and a manager. Kevin Nicholson is a man.
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink is a sports venue in Brașov, Romania. It is owned by the city of Brașov and is occupied by CSM Corona Brașov (ice hockey). It was opened in January 2010.
Park Bit-na, born on 16 June 1985, is a female figure skater from South Korea who participated in figure skating at the 2002 Winter Olympics – ladies.
Julien Dacosta, born in Marseille on 29 May 1996, is a football player who plays as a defender for Chamois Niortais FC.
Monica Elfvin, a female gymnast from Gothenburg, was born on November 22, 1938. She is an artistic gymnast who competes in the sport of artistic gymnastics.
Nicoleta Manu, a female, was born in Piatra Neamț, Romania on December 3, 1980. She is a volleyball player.
Mr. Bean's Holiday is part of the series Mr. Bean, and follows Bean (film). It was filmed in Cannes and stars Julien Cottereau and Arsène Mosca. It was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions.
Maine State Route 145 is a road in Maine, United States. The Maine Department of Transportation is the owner of the state route, which was established in 1925 and is also maintained by the same department.
Emanuel Olivera, a male football player, was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 2 April 1990. He is a citizen of Argentina and plays Association football.
The Rain People is a 1969 drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola. The film stars Alan Manson and Shirley Knight.
Zack Weiss, a male baseball player from the United States, was born in Irvine, California on June 16, 1992. He is a baseball player.
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat is a novel written by Enid Blyton and published by Methuen Publishing in the United Kingdom in 1944.
Vadym Sapay was born in Yuzhnoukrainsk, Ukraine on 7 February 1986. He is a football player from Ukraine and he plays Association football.
The ABC of Castro Alves is a literary work, a novel and biography written by Jorge Amado, published in Brazil in 1941.
Rania Elwani was born in Cairo, Egypt on 14 October 1977. She is a female politician and sports administrator from Egypt.
Lamonte Hunley, a man, was born on 31 January 1963. He is an American football player who played linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts.
The 5th Quarter features Jon Abbate as a character. The film stars Andie MacDowell. The original language of the film is English. The film originated from the United States. The story takes place in North Carolina. The film was shot in North Carolina.
The JAL Express airline was founded in 1997 and headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Its hub airport is Haneda airport and the airline ceased operations on 30 September 2014.
The Wonderful Day (1932 film) is a French film from France. It was produced by Pathé and distributed by Pathé. The original language of the film is French. The cast includes Jean Aquistapace and André Alerme.
Manu Busto, a male football player, was born in Santander, Spain on 7 October 1980. He is a citizen of Spain.
Marbo Product, a business and enterprise in Serbia, was founded on April 16th, 1995. The company is owned by PepsiCo and is headquartered in Belgrade.
Konkan Railway Corporation, a business, is a part of the Indian Railways zone and is involved in the rail transport industry. It was founded on July 19, 1990, and is headquartered in Navi Mumbai. Its parent organization is Indian Railways.
Robert Barney Dallenbach, born August 6, 1927, graduated from Alma White College and is a human being. He served as General Superintendent of Pillar of Fire International.
Adam Arthur is a human being. He is the surname of Adam Arthur, who is a midfielder for West Virginia Alliance FC.
Hughie McIlmoyle, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Port Glasgow on 29 January 1940. He is a football player who participates in the sport of Association football.
I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home is a country music single by David Frizzell from the United States. It was released in April 1982 through Warner Bros. Records.
Ed Ronan, a male ice hockey player from the United States, was born in Quincy, Massachusetts on March 21, 1968. He is a player of the sport Ice hockey.
The Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot was designed by the architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood. It is located in Greeley, Colorado, United States. The Depot was built in 1991 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Macaulay Culkin was born in Manhattan, United States on 26 August 1980. He is a film actor, stage actor, and musician. He is a citizen of the United States.
Beatrice Helg is a female photographer born in Geneva, Switzerland on 08 March 1956. She is a citizen of Switzerland and graduated from California College of the Arts.
The Studienstiftung, a registered association in Bonn, Germany, is a voluntary organisation which was founded in 1925.
Victor Oreskovich, a male ice hockey player, was born in Whitby, Ontario, Canada on August 15, 1986. He is a citizen of Canada.
Ash Road is a children's literature book from Australia, published by Angus & Robertson in 1965, written by Ivan Southall.
The Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation is owned by Bethlehem Steel and was founded in 1905. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation was located in San Francisco in the United States. It was dissolved in 1997.
Penzance railway station, which is operated by the Great Western Railway, is in Penzance, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1852 and is named after Penzance.
The Oceania Football Confederation (founded 15 November 1966) is the international governing body for association football in Oceania. The headquarters of the Oceania Football Confederation are located in Auckland, New Zealand.
Sam Golzari was born in Hammersmith, United Kingdom on 12 July 1979. He is a film actor, television actor, and actor.
Warsaw Courthouse Square Historic District, located in Indiana, United States, is a Courthouse and a Historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture.
Rafael Argullol is a human being who writes novels and essays. He was educated at the Free University of Berlin and speaks the Catalan language. He received the City of Barcelona Award.
Carry On Jatta is a romantic comedy and drama film distributed by White Hill Studios. The film stars Gurpreet Ghuggi, Binnu Dhillon and Rana Ranbir.
Nariyuki Masuda, a male, was born in Sendai, Japan on October 23, 1983. He is a sport cyclist from Japan.
The film Frantic was written by Gérard Brach and produced by Thom Mount. It stars Harrison Ford, Gérard Klein and Marcel Bluwal. The film is in the English language.
Marc Gual, a football player from Spain, was born in Badalona on 13 March 1996. He is a man who plays Association football.
Fight Night is a sports game video game series developed by Electronic Arts. It is available on the PlayStation Portable and Xbox console. The game series is published by Electronic Arts and is classified as a sports game.
Marley Shelton, whose full name is Marley Shelton, is a female who studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. She is a human being and belongs to the category:Marley Shelton category.
Tandy Corporation, a trading company and video game publisher, is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, United States. The company was founded on January 1, 1919.
The Jelly Roll Joys is an album by Dave Burrell, released in 1991. It is an avant-garde and jazz album, published by Gazell.
Xue Ming, a female, was born in Beijing, China on February 23, 1987. She is a volleyball player.
KK Partizan is a basketball team in the Basketball League of Serbia. They were founded in 1945 and are a part of JSD Partizan.
Allan Lewis, born in Pontypridd on 31 May 1971, is a football player who plays as a defender for Cardiff City FC.
The Printer's Devil is a 1923 comedy-drama film directed by William Beaudine. The film stars Wesley Barry and Harry Myers.
Thisai Maariya Paravaigal is a 1979 film of the drama genre, produced by P.S. Veerappa, starring Sarath Babu, and composed by M.S. Viswanathan.
Lucas Lezcano is a football player born in Villa Ballester on 9 July 1999. He plays for Chacarita Juniors as a forward.
Snakeoil is a jazz album by Tim Berne. It was released on January 27, 2012, by ECM Records and was produced by Manfred Eicher.
Weingart Stadium is a stadium in California, United States. It is occupied by East Los Angeles College and is used for field hockey. The stadium is an instance of a stadium and was officially opened in 1951.
Anne Smith, a female football player from New Zealand, was born in New Zealand on 27 September 1951. She is a citizen of New Zealand and plays Association football.
Mission Man Band is a reality television series from the United States. The show features cast members Rich Cronin, Jeff Timmons, and Chris Kirkpatrick.
Bachelor's Paradise is a film from the United States. It was released in 1928 and is a silent film. It was directed by George Archainbaud and edited by Robert J. Kern.
The 2018 Taiwan Open is a tennis tournament edition, which is part of the WTA International tournaments. It took place in 2018 in Taipei, Taiwan.
San Domenico, Perugia, is a minor basilica in Italy. It was established on 17 January 1401. It is located in Perugia. The architect was Carlo Maderno. The building is in the Gothic architecture style.
Jamie Croft is a film actor, television actor and actor from Australia. He was born in Sydney on 4 August 1981.
Sunrise Earth is a film from the United States which was created by David G. Conover. The film is a nature documentary and a documentary film. It began in 2004.
Eberhard Weber performs the music on Fluid Rustle. The album was preceded by Silent Feet. The album was produced by Manfred Eicher and released by ECM Records in 1979.
Isidro Sánchez Macip was born in Puebla, Mexico on 5 June 1987. He is a male football player who plays Association football.
The Central Park Five is a documentary film from the United States. It was produced by PBS and IFC Films. The Central Park Five is distributed by IFC Films and originally shown in English.
Laura Benz was born in Kloten, Switzerland on August 25th, 1992. She is a female ice hockey player from Switzerland who participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Carly Simon performed the music on the album Film Noir. The album was released on September 16, 1997 and was produced by Arif Mardin. It was the follow up to Clouds in My Coffee and was released by Arista Records.
The science fiction comic book Otherworld Barbara, written by Moto Hagio, was published in Flowers magazine between 27 July 2002 and 28 June 2005. It is a Josei manga.
Shula Marks is a historian. She was born in Cape Town, South Africa on 14 October 1938. She graduated from the University of Cape Town and is a woman.
AFL Premiership 2005 is a sports game for the PlayStation 2 video game console. It was developed by Transmission Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment on September 22, 2005.
Mirka Francia, a female, was born in Santa Clara, Cuba on February 14, 1975. She is a volleyball player from Cuba.
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea is a novel written by Yukio Mishima, published by Kodansha on September 10, 1963. It is a novel.
Francesco Cosenza, a male, was born in Locri, Italy on 5 February 1986. He is a football player who plays Association football.
Kim Hyok-bong is a male table tennis player from Pyongyang, North Korea who was born on October 28, 1985. He competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Valeri Nenenko was born in Voronezh, Soviet Union on 30 March 1950. He is a football player and a football manager. Valeri Nenenko is a man.
A Return to Love is a self-help written work from the United States by Marianne Williamson, published by HarperCollins in 1992.
Rosa-Maria Ryyti was born in Oulu, Finland on 13 June 1994. She is a model and a beauty pageant contestant. Rosa-Maria Ryyti is a woman from Finland.
Shimoga Subbanna was a male singer from the Kingdom of Mysore, born in 1938. He was a citizen of the British Raj and later of India.
Kedleston Hall is a historic house museum in Kedleston, United Kingdom. It is owned by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty and is an English country house.
Tom Karabachian is a Brazilian actor born in Rio de Janeiro on January 11, 1997. He is a film actor, television actor, and actor.
Pansa Hemviboon, a football player from Chanthaburi Province, Thailand, was born on July 8, 1990. He is a male citizen of Thailand and plays Association football.
The Barbara Jordan Career Center, named after Barbara Jordan, is a special school and high school in the Houston Independent School District in Texas, United States.
Rock'n'Roll Adventures is a platform video game developed by Data Design Interactive. It was released for Microsoft Windows on 17 September 2007 and comes from the United Kingdom.
The City Outside the World is a science fantasy book written by Lin Carter, published by Berkley Books in the United States on January 1, 1977.
Kerry Burke is a member of the New Zealand Labour Party, was Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives and was the Member of Parliament for West Coast. Burke was educated at Linwood College.
Allstar Weekend is a pop music band from San Diego, United States, formed on January 1, 2007. They are a rock and pop band and are signed to Hollywood Records.
Leni Robredo was born in Naga, Camarines Sur, Philippines on 23 April 1964. She is a female lawyer and politician.
Brooke Chaplen, a female football player, was born in Portsmouth, United Kingdom on April 16, 1989. She is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays Association football.
Palmer Home for Children is a nonprofit organization located in Columbus, Mississippi, United States. It was established on January 1, 1895.
The Buddy System is a romantic comedy film distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film stars Susan Sarandon, Jean Stapleton and Wil Wheaton.
Metamorphabet is a puzzle/jigsaw video game from the United States that was released on April 29, 2015 for the iOS and distributed via the Humble Store.
Catharina Neelissen was born in Haarlem, Kingdom of the Netherlands on November 4th, 1961. She was a female rower who competed in the Women's eight at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Cinmeon Bowers was born in Racine, Wisconsin on May 1, 1993. He is a male basketball player who was a member of the Auburn Tigers.
Tales of the Bounty Hunters is a Science fiction book written by Kevin J. Anderson, published by Bantam Spectra in the United States on December 3, 1996.
Lin Chien-hsun is a football player born in Taiwan on 10 January 1993. He plays for Taiwan Power Company FC and is a midfielder.
Cui Jian was born in Beijing, China on 2 August 1961. He is a film director, songwriter, and singer. 
Federico Ricci (footballer) is a male football player born in Rome, Italy on May 27, 1994. He is a citizen of Italy and plays Association football.
The Golden Hour is a novel written by Maiya Williams and published in 2004 in the United States.
Joel Zayas is a male football player and manager from Paraguay, born in Asunción on 17 September 1977. He is also a football player.
A Place in Time is a documentary film from the United States that was directed by Angelina Jolie. The film has Wyclef Jean as its composer and was released in 2007.
The Carlsberg Group owns the Tuborg Brewery in Copenhagen, Denmark. The company was founded in 1873 and is in the brewing industry.
The Cheap Detective was distributed by Columbia Pictures, produced by Rastar and starred Stockard Channing, Paul Williams (songwriter) and was produced by Margaret Booth. The film was originally in English.
Ian Goodenough was born in Singapore on 3 July 1975. He is a politician, accountant and is involved in real estate development.
Al-Arafah Islami Bank Limited is a public limited company in the finance industry, based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was founded in 1995 and is also a public limited company.
Cricket Wireless is a business located in San Diego and is based in France. It was founded in 1999 and is a part of the mobile phone industry. Its parent organization is AT&T.
Trafic is a film with a narrative location in France and was made in both the Dutch language and the English language. It originates from both France and Italy. Bert Haanstra was the director of photography.
Minnesota State Highway 251 is a road in Minnesota, United States. It was established on July 1, 1949, and is owned and maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
The Göltzsch Viaduct, designed by Johann Andreas Schubert, is a stone railway bridge located in Netzschkau. The bridge has the heritage designation of Kulturdenkmal.
Jonathan Sykes, a football player from Nassau, The Bahamas, was born on 9 March 1990. He is a male citizen of The Bahamas who plays Association football.
Sara Louise Treacy, born 22 June 1989, is a female athletics competitor from the Republic of Ireland, who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Biggest Prize in Sport is a punk rock album by the band 999, released in 1979 on Polydor Records. The album was produced by Vic Maile.
Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen is a non-fiction book from Finland published by Tammi in 2008, written by Jaana Kapari-Jatta.
Washington State Route 174 is a road in Washington (state), United States. It was established in 1964 and is owned by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Ajoy Biswas is a politician from India. His date of birth is unknown. He is a man. He is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and was a member of the Tripura Legislative Assembly.
Laura Osorio is a model. She was born on 28 November 1995. Laura Osorio is a female, a human being, with the given name Laura and the family name Osorio.
Sidney Parkinson, born on May 6, 1938, in Wakefield, is a male boxer who competes in the sport of Boxing, with the given name Sidney.
The Department of Social Services (Australia) is a department of the Australian Government, located in Canberra, Australia. It was established in 2013 and is a subsidiary of the Government of Australia, with the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs being one of its subsidiaries.
Young Irelands GAA (Limerick) is a sports club in the Republic of Ireland, specifically located in County Limerick. They were founded in 1898 and are involved in the sport of Hurling.
Locust is a 2013 drama film directed by Egor Baranov, starring Pyotr Fyodorov and Paulina Andreeva.
Graham Cave is a cave located in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. It is an archaeological site and a National Historic Landmark, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mahdi Mohammadian, born in Tabriz on 5 March 1997, is an association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Tractor SC.
Masato Fukae was born in Sagamihara, Japan on September 5, 1987. He is a male baseball player and a citizen of Japan.
Roberto Jaguaribe was born on 27 December 1952. He is a diplomat and politician from Brazil. He graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro and is a man.
Reaper is a novel written by Ben Mezrich and published by HarperCollins in the United States in 1998.
The Lincoln Saltdogs are a baseball team in the United States. They are a baseball team. They were formed in 2001. They play Baseball. They are part of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball league. They play their home games at Haymarket Park.
Steven Griffiths, a male politician from Australia, was born on 25 May 1962 in Adelaide. He was a member of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Touchstones Rochdale is a public library and museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, United Kingdom. It was established in 1883 and is operated by Rochdale Borough Council.
Toru Murata is a human being from Japan. His surname is Murata. He is a starting pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.
Napoleon Perdis is a male make-up artist and businessperson from Australia, born on 19 March 1970. He is also from Australia.
Ampang Park LRT station is a train station in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, owned by Prasarana Malaysia. It is an underground station and was opened on June 1, 1999.
Eisenbahn-Romantik is a television documentary television show presented by Hagen von Ortloff, which originates from Germany and was first shown on SWR Fernsehen on 7 April 1991.
Tavon Young was born in Oxon Hill, Maryland on March 14, 1994. He is an American football player who played for the Temple Owls football team and later for the Baltimore Ravens.
Lynda Schlegel Culver is a politician. She was born in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, USA. Her birth year is unknown. She graduated from Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania. Lynda Schlegel Culver is a woman from the United States.
Flash and Bones is a novel written by Kathy Reichs, published by Charles Scribner's Sons in the United States in 2011.
Nat Borchers, a United States citizen, is a defender for the Colorado Rapids U-23. He is a member of the United States men's national soccer team and played in Major League Soccer.
Blue Star SC is an association football club in Sri Lanka. The club was founded in 1978 and plays in the Sri Lanka Champions League. Their home ground is the Kalutara Stadium.
Denza, located in Shenzhen, China, is in the Automotive Industry. The company was founded in May 2010 and is owned by BYD Auto.
Last Chance Harvey is a romantic comedy, a romance film written by Joel Hopkins. The cast includes Patrick Baladi, Liane Balaban and James Brolin.
David Lander is a male voice actor and actor. His name is David Lander and his surname is Lander. He is married to Kathy Fields.
The Blue Elephant is a 2014 horror film directed by Marwan Hamed and written by Ahmed Mourad. The film stars Karim Abdel Aziz.
An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer is a live album by Tom Lehrer, released in 1959 on Reprise Records. The album is a satire and is a follow-up to Songs by Tom Lehrer.
Aaron McIntosh, born on January 7, 1972, in Auckland, is a sailor and windsurfer from New Zealand.
Nick Pocock, a male cricketer from the United Kingdom, was born in Maracaibo on December 15, 1951.
Katherine L. Adams (born Katherine) is a female surname of Adams. She is a graduate of Brown University and the University of Chicago Law School. She works at Columbia Law School.
The UEFA Euro 1980 Final took place in Rome, Germany on January 22nd 1980. It was an association football match involving Belgium.
Walter Viitala is a male football player from Finland who was born in Helsinki on January 9th, 1992. He played in the 2017-18 Danish Superliga.
Yangon United Football Club is an association football club in Yangon, Myanmar. The club was founded in 2009 and is owned by Tay Za.
Hiroshima is a docudrama film written by John Hopkins. The film stars James Bradford, Serge Christiaenssens and Wesley Addy. The language of the film is Japanese.
Trenna Keating was born in Weyburn, Canada. She graduated from the University of Regina and is an actor. She lives in Toronto and is a woman.
The Xiapu railway station is a train station in Xiapu County, China. It was opened on 28 September 2009 and is operated by the China Railway Nanchang Group. It is located on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou railway line.
Nice Package is a 2013 comedy film directed by Dan Macarthur and written by Melanie Poole, starring Dwayne Cameron.
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle is a fantasy television series from the United States. The series was aired on the CBS network and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. Robert Ridgely stars in the series.
Paul H. Kocher was educated at Stanford University and Columbia University. He is a man and worked at Stanford University. He was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship. His given name is Paul.
A Town Called Panic is a comedy film written by Vincent Patar. It was released on 17 September 2009, 28 October 2009, and 13 November 2009. French Cowboy performed in the film.
Nazz III is a psychedelic rock album by Nazz, released in May 1971 on Colgems Records. It is the sequel to Nazz Nazz.
Alberto Louzeiro, a male football player, was born in Santiago do Cacém, Portugal on 22 November 1982. He is a citizen of Portugal and plays Association football.
Rommell Ibarra is a male athlete and football player from Caracas, Venezuela, born on March 24, 2000. He is also an athlete.
The Prince of Wales Theatre is a theatre in the City of Westminster in the United Kingdom. Its architect was Charles J. Phipps and it is owned by Delfont Mackintosh Theatres. The theatre is a Grade II listed building.
Diego Cristin is a male tennis player from Argentina. He was born on April 5, 1981. He is a human.
The 1938 PGA Championship, a golf championship, was won by Paul Runyan. The championship was held at The Shawnee Inn & Golf Resort in the United States.
Matty Young, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Leeds on October 25, 1985. He is a football player who plays Association football.
The Old Man and the Bureaucrats is a novel written by Mircea Eliade, published in France in 1968.
The Lion is a novel written by Joseph Kessel and published by Gallimard Jeunesse in France in 1958.
Patrick Sussek was born in Ingolstadt in 2000. He is a football player for FC Ingolstadt 04 where he plays as a midfielder. Patrick Sussek's nationality is male.
The Olms, an indie pop band, were formed in California, United States, in 2011. Pete Yorn is one of the band's members.
The Sprengel Museum, an art museum in Hanover, Germany, was designed by architect Peter Trint and opened in 1979.
Going My Way won the Academy Award for Best Picture, the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor and the Academy Award for Best Picture.
The film Save the Lady is a 1982 film. It stars Bill Kerr and was directed by Leon Thau. The film was produced by Barry Pierce and is in the English language.
The skyscraper, 461 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, United States, designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, is owned by SL Green Realty. It was completed in 1989.
Manga was a male football player born in Recife, Brazil on April 26, 1937. He was a participant of the 1966 FIFA World Cup.
Rock Manager is a video game. It is a business simulation game. The game was published by DreamCatcher Interactive on June 30, 2002. It is available on Microsoft Windows and can be played on DVD.
The Higashi-Tokorozawa Station, operated by the East Japan Railway Company, is a train station located in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan. The station was opened in 1973 and is on the Musashino Line.
Poured Lines is a painting created in 2006 by Ian Davenport. It is located on Southwark Street in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Asuman Karakoyun, a Turkish volleyball player, was born in Istanbul on July 16, 1990. She is a female athlete who plays Volleyball.
The Centre Daily Times is a newspaper in the United States, owned by McClatchy. It is located in State College, Pennsylvania, and was founded in 1898.
Kersten Artus is a female from Bremen, Germany. She was born on 1 April 1964. Kersten Artus is a journalist and a politician.
Flock! is a puzzle video game from the United Kingdom, which was published by Capcom. The game was released on April 7, 2009 for Microsoft Windows.
The Matsudo-Shinden Station, which is operated by Shin-Keisei Electric Railway, is located in Matsudo, Japan. The station was established on 21 April 1955 and is a train station on the Shin-Keisei Line.
Stephen Youll is an artist born in Hartlepool, United Kingdom on 08 June 1965. He is a man who graduated from the University of Sunderland.
Nicholas Eberstadt was born in New York City, United States on December 20, 1955. He is an American economist and a citizen of the United States. He is male and worked for the American Enterprise Institute.
Zuidveen is a village in Steenwijkerland in the Netherlands. The language spoken is Stellingwarfs dialect and the local language is Dutch.
Anastasia Bezrukova is a model and fashion model born in Moscow, Russia on January 5, 2004. She is also an actor.
The animated feature film Secret of the Wings, directed by Peggy Holmes, was released on October 26, 2012 and November 15, 2012. It passes the Bechdel Test.
Southwestern Illinois College is a community college in Belleville, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1946. It is a public educational institution.
Guy Malherbe was born in Montpellier, France on April 9, 1946. He is a male politician who was awarded the Knight of the Legion of Honour.
George Andguladze, a man, was born in Tbilisi, Georgia on 6 August 1984. He is a singer.
Brian Muller, a male rugby union player, was born in Eltham, New Zealand on 11 June 1942. He is a citizen of New Zealand and plays rugby union.
Delaware Route 273 is a road in the United States. It is owned by the Delaware Department of Transportation and was established in 1936. It is located in New Castle County, Delaware.
La Symphonie fantastique is set in France and originates from France. The film features Julien Bertheau and Lise Delamare in the cast and was shot by Armand Thirard. It was produced by Continental Films.
FC Maritsa Plovdiv is an association football club in Bulgaria. They were founded on September 21, 1921. They are located in Plovdiv, Bulgaria and play in the Third Amateur Football League.
Affiliated Managers Group, a public company in the financial services industry, was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Beverly, Massachusetts.
The FC Barcelona Museum is a sports museum in Barcelona, Spain, owned by FC Barcelona. It was opened on September 24, 1984.
A Woman as a Friend is an Italian film from Italy. It was produced by Fandango and distributed by Warner Bros. The film features Monica Scattini and Antonia Liskova in the original Italian language version.
The Kestrel, a liquid-propellant rocket, originates from the US. The engine was designed by Tom Mueller and is made by SpaceX. Kestrel USA is another name for the engine.
Guarani FC is a Brazilian association football club located in Campinas. They were founded on 2 April 1911. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B league.
Hemingway Adventure is a book written by Michael Palin, a novelist from the United Kingdom. The book is a travel literature and was published in 1999.
Watson Chapel High School is a state school in Arkansas, United States. It was established on 1 January 1890 and is part of the Watson Chapel School District.
Yevgeny Miller, a Lieutenant General, served as the commander of the 7th Belorusky Hussar Regiment. He was a member of the Russian Empire and received the Order of Saint Stanislaus, 2nd class and the Order of Saint Stanislaus, 3rd class. He was educated at the Nikolaevskaya Cavalry school.
Erica Risseeuw, a Canadian figure skater, was born in Calgary on July 11, 1990. She is a female athlete who participates in the sport of figure skating.
Len Haley, a male ice hockey player, was born in Edmonton, Canada on 15 September 1931. He is a former ice hockey player.
Rough Ride is an autobiography book written by Paul Kimmage. The book is about cycling and was published in 1998. It is a book that deals with road bicycle racing.
Francinne (singer) is a female singer from Brazil who was born on January 1, 1991 in Porto Alegre. She is a human being.
Power of Inner Strength is an album by the band Grip Inc. It was released on January 1, 1995. The album is a groove metal album and was produced by Waldemar Sorychta. It was released under the record label SPV GmbH.
Dodsal Group, a conglomerate company, is a company from the United Arab Emirates. It is owned by Rajen A. Kilachand and has its headquarters in Dubai. The company was founded in 1948 and is in the distribution industry.
The Literature Express is a Georgian novel written by Lasha Bugadze and published in 2009. It originates from Georgia.
Israel Rosh, a male football player from Israel, was born in Ashdod on 5 March 1988. He is a citizen of Israel and plays Association football.
Karine Kazinian is a human being from Armenia. She is a woman. She was educated at Yerevan State University and received the Mkhitar Gosh Medal. Her given name is Karine.
Mask of Smiles is a pop rock album by John Waite, released in 1985 on EMI Records. It is the sequel to No Brakes.
The Naujoji Vilnia railway station is a train station in Lithuania, located in Vilnius. It is owned by the Lithuanian Railways and was opened in 1860. The station is adjacent to the Pavilnys train station.
Atkins High School is a state school located in Pope County, Arkansas, United States. It was established on 1 January 1893 and is part of the Atkins School District.
Matheus Cavichioli, a football player from Brazil, was born in Caçador on 27 July 1986. He is a male athlete who plays Association football.
The Only Girl is a 1933 film. It is a musical film directed by Friedrich Hollaender. The musical score was provided by Franz Waxman. The film stars Lilian Harvey.
Laud Quartey, a football player, was born in Ghana on 11 March 1984. He is a male citizen of Ghana and plays Association football.
Arizona State Route 277 is a road in Arizona, United States. It was established in 1962 and is owned by the Arizona Department of Transportation.
Erik Thorell, a Swedish male, was born in Karlstad on March 3, 1992. He is an ice hockey player from Sweden.
James Driscoll, a male golfer from the United States, was born in Boston on October 9, 1977. He is a professional golfer who plays the sport of Golf.
Kyenjojo District, located in the Western Region of Uganda, is the capital of Kyenjojo and is named after Kyenjojo. It is a district in Uganda and falls under the category Category:Kyenjojo District.
Télé Liban is a state broadcasting organization in Beirut, Lebanon. It was founded on 28 May 1959 and operates in the television industry in Lebanon.
Phil Bardsley, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Salford on 28 June 1985. He plays Association football.
Mark Lebedew was born in Adelaide, Australia on 6 May 1967. He is a male volleyball player from Australia.
The Cooler is set in Las Vegas Valley, a location in the United States. The film is originally in English and stars Timothy Landfield and Alec Baldwin, focusing on the main subject of Gambling.
The Abbey Road Sessions is an orchestral pop compilation album by Kylie Minogue, released on October 24th 2012 by Parlophone. It is part of Kylie Minogue's compilation albums discography.
Patrick Pinney is a male actor and voice actor from the United States, born in Los Angeles on June 30, 1952.
Chipo Mugeri was born in Zimbabwe on 2 March 1992. She is a Zimbabwean cricketer, born in Zimbabwe, and plays the sport of Cricket.
Going Sane is a film from Australia, released on the 1st January 1987. The film is a comedy and was directed by Michael Robertson. It stars John Waters.
Alessandro Bonsanti is a member of the Italian Republican Party and was Mayor of Florence. Alessandro Bonsanti is a man from the Kingdom of Italy and Italy.
Rupert and the Frog Song is an animated short film that was produced by Paul McCartney. It was released on May 3rd 1984. It was written in English and directed by Geoff Dunbar. The film was distributed by MPL Communications.
The Up Tour, a concert tour by Shania Twain, began on 25 September 2003 and ended on 10 July 2004. It was a concert tour that followed the Come On Over Tour and was succeeded by Shania: Still the One.
Jalouse is a comedy film written by Stéphane Foenkinos and David Foenkinos. It was directed by David Foenkinos and stars Stéphane Foenkinos and Thibault de Montalembert.
That 'll Be the Day is an album by Buddy Holly, released on Decca Records in April 1958. The album is a rockabilly genre and was produced by Owen Bradley.
Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India is a biography book written in English, published in 2003. The book is from India and is about Swami Vivekananda.
The Last Straw is a silent film from the United States, released on February 14, 1920. The film was directed by Denison Clift and starred Buck Jones.
The Sakudaira Station is a train station in Saku, Nagano, Japan. It is operated by the East Japan Railway Company and was opened in 1997. The station is on the Hokuriku Shinkansen line.
Lewis Baines, born in Brighton on 10 October 1998, is an association football player who plays as a defender for Fleetwood Town FC.
The World of Don Camillo is a comedy film directed by Terence Hill. It was written by Giovannino Guareschi. The film features Franco Diogene and Andy Luotto in the cast. Terence Hill also produced the film.
William W. Hallo is a male who was educated at the University of Chicago. He received the Guggenheim Fellowship. He worked at Yale University.
Ester Workel was born in Enschede, Kingdom of the Netherlands on March 18th, 1975. She is a female rower who competed in the women's eight event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Phylogenesis is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster and published by Del Rey Books in the United States in 1999.
The 1968 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament that took place in the United Kingdom. It was part of the Championships, Wimbledon and began on 24 June 1968.
The Muscular Dystrophy Association is a nonprofit organization that was founded in 1950 in Chicago, United States. Its main subject is muscular dystrophy.
The album What a Man My Man Is, released in 1974, is a country pop album by Lynn Anderson. It was produced by Glenn Sutton and released by Columbia Records.
The Kotohira Station, which is operated by the Shikoku Railway Company, is a train station located in Kotohira, Kagawa, Japan. The station was established on May 23rd, 1889 and is on the Dosan Line.
Paulo Pedroso, a male politician from Portugal, was born on 28 April 1965 in Aveiro, Portugal. He is a citizen of Portugal and a member of the Assembly of the Republic.
August Makalakalane is a human being who plays association football for FC Baden as a midfielder. His given name is August.
William Fry is the surname of the politician William Fry. He was born in Australia, attended the University of Melbourne and was awarded the Knight Bachelor. William Fry is a man.
Nicky Deuce is a film from the United States and Canada. It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment. The film stars Steve Schirripa and Tony Sirico.
Nathan Watkins was born on April 26, 1977, in the United States. He is a male association football player who played for the Charlotte Eagles.
Mariano Trujillo, a male football player from Mexico, was born in Mexico City on May 19, 1977. He is a citizen of Mexico.
Patti Clare was born in Manchester on September 21, 1958. She is a human being and an actor from the United Kingdom. She is a woman.
Today's Special is an English language comedy film written by Aasif Mandvi. The film stars Ajay Naidu, Madhur Jaffrey and Naseeruddin Shah.
Waygara railway station is an abandoned train station located in Victoria, Australia. It was opened in 1916 and was connected to the Gippsland railway line.
Dalseong Park station is a train station in South Korea, operated by the Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation. It is a train station and was opened on April 23, 2015. It is connected to the Daegu Metro Line 3.
Night Train is a country music song by Jason Aldean, released as a single from the album Night Train on June 24th, 2013.
Taeli Ramashalane was born in Lesotho on 1 January 1980. He is a male football player from Lesotho and he plays Association football.
Mary Tyler Moore is a voice actor and actor. She was born Mary. She has won the Special Tony Award and the Tony Award, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Taylor Symmank, born in McKinney, Texas on 2 October 1992, is an American football player who plays as a punter for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team.
Spell -- Dolce mattatoio, a drama, was written by Alberto Cavallone and stars Paola Montenero and Josiane Tanzilli. The original language of the film is Italian.
Peter Darke, a male from the United Kingdom, was born in Exeter on 21 December 1953. He is a football player and his sport of choice is Association football.
Shopify is a software company founded by Tobias Lütke in 2012 in Ottawa, Canada. The company is based in Ottawa, Canada.
Jay Watson was born in Australia on 27 May 1990. He is a musician who is a singer, guitarist, and songwriter.
Giorgio Spizzichino, born in Rome on 10 August 1999, is an association football player who plays as a defender for S.S. Lazio.
Edison Caicedo, a male football player from Esmeraldas, Ecuador, was born on 13 March 1990. He is a citizen of Ecuador and plays Association football.
Oregon Route 131 is a state highway in Oregon, United States. It was established on September 19, 2002 and is owned and maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
Bertrand Blanc, a male ski mountaineer from France, was born in Bourg-Saint-Maurice on October 29, 1973. He is a citizen of France and practices the sport of ski mountaineering.
Stephen Boyd, an American football player, was born in Valley Stream, New York, USA on August 22, 1972. He is a male citizen of the United States and plays American football.
Rick Leonard was born in Middletown, Maryland on November 22, 1996. He is a male American football player who is a member of the Los Angeles Rams.
Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings, a business in Hong Kong, was founded in 1991. The company is owned by Pou Chen Corporation. The company is headquartered in Hong Kong and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a novel by Paul Howard, published by Penguin Books in October 2012. It is part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
The Arcadian is a science fiction film from the United States. It was written and directed by Dekker Dreyer and stars J. Larose.
Alwin der Letzte is a German comedy film directed by Hubert Hoelzke, composed by Hans Hendrik Wehding, and was released on 23 September 1960.
Aditi Avasthi was born on 10 December 1981 in Ludhiana. She graduated from the University of Chicago and was awarded the BBC award for 100 Women. She is a human being.
Lidya Tchakerian was born in Beirut in 1959. She graduated from the Lebanese Academy of Fine Arts and is a painter. She is a woman from Lebanon.
Vatican Media is a specialty channel owned by the Roman Curia. It was founded in 1983 and is located in Vatican City, where it is also headquartered.
The Carneal House is located in Covington, Kentucky, United States. It is a Georgian style house and part of the Riverside Drive Historic District. It was designated as a Contributing Property.
Two California Plaza, a skyscraper in California, U.S., is owned by Los Angeles Downtown News. It was designed by Arthur Erickson and completed in 1992.
Lanre Kehinde, a male football player, was born in Lagos, Nigeria on May 7, 1994. He is a citizen of Nigeria and plays Association football.
Lacina Traoré was born in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. He was born on May 20, 1990, but another date of birth is given as August 20, 1990. Lacina Traoré is a male football player from Ivory Coast.
Hugh Cassidy, a man, was born in San Francisco, United States on 31 December 1935. He is a powerlifter.
The 2014 film Hell to Pay is a drama film from the United States. It was released on 1 January 2014 and directed by Jay Jennings, starring Charles Santore.
Saigon Electric is a Vietnamese language film directed by Stephane Gauger and starring Elly Tran Ha. It was released on March 12, 2011.
Gunnar Martinsson is a male football player from Sweden. He is a citizen of Sweden and plays association football for Malmö FF as a midfielder.
Jason Christiansen, a male baseball player from the United States, was born in Omaha, Nebraska on September 21, 1969. He is a former professional baseball player.
Walter Riggs, born Walter, is a male who played American football for Auburn University and the Auburn Tigers.
Southern Garrett High School is a state school in Maryland, United States. It is part of the Garrett County Public Schools and was established in 1952.
The Forge ( Goya ) is a 1819 painting by Francisco Goya, made of canvas, located at the Frick Collection. It is an instance of Genre art.
The Delacroix metro station is a metro station in Anderlecht, Belgium, owned by the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company. It is an elevated station and opened in 2006.
Art Deco, a style of visual arts, was created in 1910 in France. It is influenced by Futurism. The style is named after the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts.
The Allen Steinheim Museum is a university building, located in Alfred (Village), New York, in the United States. It is part of Alfred University and is a museum, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
My Dog Shep, a drama film from the United States, was written by Ford Beebe. The film stars Al St. John and Harry Holman, and the original language is English.
Ibrahima Sory Souare was born in Conakry, Guinea on 14 July 1982. He is a male football player from Guinea who plays Association football.
Egaleo F.C. is a Greek association football club located in Aigaleo. They were founded in 1931. They play in the Gamma Ethniki league.
Brian Vander Ark was born in Holland, Michigan, USA on 19 June 1966. He is a singer, guitarist, and singer-songwriter. He is a citizen of the United States.
Suparna Airlines is a Chinese airline headquartered in Shanghai, China. Its parent organization is Hainan Airlines. The airline's hub is at Shanghai Pudong International Airport. It was founded on January 15, 2003.
Ryusuke Senoo was born in Okayama, Japan on 20 February 1986. He is a male football player who is a citizen of Japan.
Alex Cole is a center fielder from the United States. He is the Cole of Alex. Alex Cole is a member of the Minnesota Twins and the Cleveland Indians.
Jamie Lowry is a human being. He is a midfielder who plays for Truro City F.C. and Chesterfield F.C.
Aaron Blair was born in the Las Vegas Valley on May 26, 1992. He is a baseball player who played as a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves.
Trina Robbins is a female artist who received the Inkpot Award. Her name is Trina Robbins and she is married to Steve Leialoha.
Xu Jingzong, a man, was the Chancellor of the Tang dynasty and was born in the Tang dynasty. His father was Xu Shanxin and his son was Xu Ang.
Rachel Mazuir, a French politician, was born on 12 February 1940 in Bourg-en-Bresse. He was a man and a member of the Senate of France.
Tanya Hope is a female actor and model from India, born in Bangalore on 1 January 1996. She is also a model.
CD Mirandés is a Spanish association football club located in Miranda de Ebro. They were founded in 1927. They play in the Segunda División league.
Ivan Fedko was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, the Order of the Red Banner, and the Order of the Red Banner. He was a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union and held the military rank of Komandarm 1st rank. His given name is Ivan.
Ralitsa Vassileva was born in Sofia, Bulgaria on 08 June 1965. She graduated from Sofia University and is a female journalist.
The Book of Salt is a novel written by Monique Truong, published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt in the United States in 2003.
Over the Top is the title of the album by the band Mentors, which is from the United States. The album is a heavy metal music genre and was produced by Jack Endino. The album was released in 2005.
Donalio Melachio Douanla was born in Cameroon on 24 September 1997. He is a male football player who plays as a midfielder in association football.
RalliSport Challenge 2 is a racing video game developed by EA DICE and published by Xbox Game Studios. The game was released on May 4, 2004 for the Xbox console.
Quantez is a Western film written by Robert Wright Campbell. It stars James Barton, Sydney Chaplin, and Fred MacMurray. The film was produced by Gordon Kay.
Farm to Market Road 149 is a road in Texas, United States. It was created in 1945 and is owned by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Lauren Shera was born in 1985 in the United States. She is a singer-songwriter, whose genre is female.
The comedy film How to Lose Friends & Alienate People was produced by Film4 Productions and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Katherine Parkinson and Forbes KB. Stephen Woolley was the producer.
Grown Ups is a film from the United States. It was produced by Happy Madison Productions and distributed by InterCom. The film was originally in English and stars China Anne McClain and Colin Quinn.
The Crystal World is a science fiction novel by JG Ballard. It was published in 1966 by Jonathan Cape. It won the Seiun Award for Best Translated Novel.
The comedy-drama film Devil Dogs of the Air was produced by Warner Bros. and Warner Bros. The film starred Frank McHugh and Russell Hicks. It was produced by Hal B. Wallis.
Little Red Wagon is a country rock single by Miranda Lambert, released on January 12th, 2015. It is part of the Platinum album and is distributed by RCA Records Nashville.
Kirkby Stephen railway station, operated by Northern, is a train station in Kirkby Stephen, United Kingdom. The station was opened in 1986 and is named after Kirkby Stephen.
Raasi (actress) was born in Andhra Pradesh, India on July 29, 1980. She is a female human being and an actor from India.
Tennessee State Route 374 is a road in Tennessee, United States, which is maintained by the Tennessee Department of Transportation and is part of the Tennessee State Route System.
Johanna Acs is a human. She was born on 29 May 1992 in Eschweiler. Johanna Acs is a female and a beauty pageant contestant. Her given name is Johanna.
Padang Rengas railway station, owned by Keretapi Tanah Melayu, is located in Padang Rengas, Malaysia. The station is on the KTM West Coast railway line and is adjacent to the Kuala Kangsar railway station.
Primark is a chain store and brick and mortar business in the Republic of Ireland, founded on January 1st 1969. The company is owned by Associated British Foods and is headquartered in Dublin.
The Fox Broadcasting Company is the original network of Futurama which was created by Matt Groening. Ken Keeler is the executive producer of Futurama. Phil Hendrie provides the voice for Futurama.
The Sanskrit book Garga Hora, written by both Garga and Rishi, is a book about Astrology from India.
Joe Robert Pemagbi was born in Bo, Sierra Leone on 22 November 1945. He is a male diplomat and politician from Sierra Leone.
Stanley Ho was born in British Hong Kong on 25 November 1921. He was a male politician and entrepreneur.
Johnny Morrissey, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Liverpool on 18 April 1940. He is a former Association football player.
T.C. Resmi Gazete is a Turkish language newspaper from Turkey. It is both a weekly and daily newspaper. The publication was started on 7 October 1920 and is published by the Prime Minister of Turkey.
Three Days Grace is an alternative rock band from Norwood, Canada, which was founded in 1992. The band has Adam Gontier as a member.
Juana Matias is a female lawyer and politician from the Dominican Republic. She was educated at the University of Massachusetts Boston and holds the position of member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
The Higashi-Nagahara Station is a train station located in Aizuwakamatsu, Japan. It was established on December 20th, 1940 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company, serving the Ban'etsu West Line.
SoftBank Group, a business and enterprise in Japan, was founded on September 3rd, 1981, and is headquartered in Minato, Tokyo. The company is owned by Masayoshi Son.
Francisco Michea is a male football player and manager from Chile. He was born on December 24, 1978. He is a footballer and an association football manager.
Saleh Allahyar, a male football player from Qatar, was born in Qatar on November 26, 1980. He is a citizen of Qatar and plays Association football.
Azlan Ismail was born in Tumpat District, Malaysia on 3 October 1984. He is a football player in the Association football genre and is a man.
Evgeniya Karimova, born on June 12, 1989, is a female taekwondo athlete from Uzbekistan who competed in the 2010 Asian Games.
Doncaster Knights, a rugby union team, were founded in 1875. They are a rugby union team from the United Kingdom and compete in the Premiership Rugby league, competing in the sport of rugby union.
Halbblut is a silent film from Germany, produced by Erich Pommer. It features Carl de Vogt in the cast and was written by Fritz Lang. The original language of the film is German.
Malin Ek (born April 18, 1945 in Malmö) is a female actor from Sweden.
Ken McCarthy was born on 20 September 1959 in the United States. His family name is McCarthy. He is a male and an instance of Human. He was educated at Princeton University.
Cowden railway station is in Cowden, United Kingdom. It is operated by the Southern (Govia Thameslink Railway) and opened on 1 October 1888. The station is a train station.
Andrei Muntean was born in Sibiu, Romania on January 30, 1993. He is a male artistic gymnast who competed in the Gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Preston Brown, a wide receiver, was educated at Vanderbilt University. He played for the New England Patriots and the Cleveland Browns.
Walk Right Now is a rhythm and blues single by The Jackson 5, released on 15 June 1981. It is part of the Triumph album and is available on the Epic Records label.
Winder Mendoza, a human being, was born in Altagracia Parish on December 9, 1984. He is a male football player who plays association football.
Karim Boudjema, a French football player, was born in Lyon on 8 September 1988. He is a male athlete who plays Association football.
Cathal Carolan is a male Gaelic football player from Castlebar. He plays Gaelic football for the Mayo Senior Football Team.
Maxime Annys, a male football player from Ostend, Belgium, was born on 24 July 1986. He is a citizen of Belgium and plays Association football.
Studia Celtica is a Periodical Literature. It was published in 1966 in Cardiff by the University of Wales Press, and the main subject is the history.
Karl Amundsen was born on November 10, 1873 in Norway. He is a male politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Norway and a member of the Labour Party in Norway.
The Departure is a documentary film from the United States, directed by Lana Wilson. The film's musical score was by Nathan Michel and the film was released in April 2017.
Jean Genchi was born in London, United Kingdom on September 25th 1956. She was a female rower who competed in the women's coxed four event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Parker, a politician from Canada, was born in Durham, Nova Scotia. He graduated from Acadia University and is a man. Unfortunately, the exact date of birth is unknown, but it is sometime in 1951.
Tanbridge House School is a community school in Horsham, West Sussex, United Kingdom. It is a secondary school and was established in 1976.
Garbo Talks is a drama and comedy-drama film starring Ron Silver and Hermione Gingold. It was produced by United Artists and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Mio Yamanaka was born in Japan on October 27, 1995. She is a female rugby sevens player and human.
Albert Bonass, born in the United Kingdom, played for Chesterfield FC, York City FC and represented the United Kingdom at the men's association football.
Oscar Jofre was born in Santiago, Chile on 20 October 1965. He is a computer scientist and a man. His given name is Oscar.
Still Open All Hours was written by Roy Clarke and stars David Jason, Johnny Vegas and Sally Lindsay. It was produced by Gareth Edwards and is an English language production.
Pietro Ameglio was born in Uruguay on 1 January 1958. He is a male writer and a citizen of Mexico and Uruguay.
Zach Sill is a human being. His given name is Zach, he played centre for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League.
Manuela Bruntraeger was born in Singapore on 17 May 1993. She is a model and a female. Manuela Bruntraeger was also born on 01 January 1993.
Fantôme Brewery, a business and brewery in the brewing industry, is located in Soy, Belgium and was founded in 1988.
Florin Achim was born in Baia Mare, Romania. He was born on two different dates, June 16, 1991 and July 16, 1991. He is a male football player and a citizen of Romania.
Sea Hunt is a United States television series created by Ivan Tors. Lloyd Bridges is a cast member of the series, which was broadcast in broadcast syndication and began in 1958.
Melbourne Grammar School is a school located in Victoria, Australia. It was established in 1849. It is a grammar school and is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Grant Van De Casteele, a male from the United States, was born in Plano, Texas on May 10, 1991. He is a football player who specializes in Association football.
Motoharu Fukuchi, born on June 21, 1990, in Nago, is a baseball player who plays as a pitcher for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Randy Exelby, a Canadian ice hockey player, was born in Toronto on August 13, 1965. He is a male ice hockey player from Canada.
E.J. Bibbs is an American football player born in Chicago on 28 August 1991. He plays as a tight end for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Anuar Tuhami was born in Ceuta, Spain on 15 January 1995. He is a male football player who is a citizen of Spain and Morocco.
Charlie Telfer, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Carluke on 4 July 1995. He is a player of Association football.
The film A Tremendously Rich Man was released on 13 February 1932. It was directed by Steve Sekely and features Hermann Picha and Eduard Rothauser in key roles. The musical score was composed by Max Colpet.
Wayne Hockley, a football player from the United Kingdom, was born in Paignton on September 6, 1978. He is a male athlete who participates in Association football.
The Winter Park station in Winter Park, Florida, United States was established in 1882 and is a train station. It was originally built in 1890.
The film Android, a movie about the android robot, was produced by New World Pictures, distributed by New World Pictures and directed by Tim Suhrstedt. The film was edited by Andy Horvitch and is in the English language.
Koji Aoyama, a male baseball player, was born in Hakodate, Japan on 12 August 1983. He is a Japanese citizen and plays the sport of Baseball.
Leston Paul is a male football player from Mayaro, Trinidad and Tobago who was born on March 11, 1990. He represented Trinidad and Tobago in the 2019 Copa América.
Denise Woollard was born on January 1, 1940, in Canada. She is a female politician from the Alberta New Democratic Party. She was a member of the Alberta Legislative Assembly.
Matthew Mulligan, an American football player, was born in Bangor, Maine, United States on January 18, 1985. He is a male athlete who plays American football.
Dynamis is a history journal from Spain, published by the University of Granada, focusing on the history of medicine, and is written in English.
Susan R. Bolton is a female judge and lawyer from the United States, born in Philadelphia on September 1, 1951.
Born in Spartanburg, South Carolina on September 12, 1935, Donald Fowler, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, graduated from the University of Kentucky and became a man.
Chris Cichocki is a human being. His given name is Chris, he played winger for the New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.
The Blanket of the Dark is a novel written by John Buchan, published by Hodder & Stoughton in England in 1931.
The film The Goddess was released in 1958. Its music was composed by Virgil Thomson. The film stars Steven Hill and Joan Copeland, and was directed by John Cromwell.
Top Gear GT Championship is a racing video game from Japan. It was published by Kemco and released on March 21, 2001 for the Game Boy Advance.
Mutant is a Science fiction book written by Lewis Padgett, published by Gnome Press in the United States in 1953.
Alex Lynn is a male racing automobile driver from the United Kingdom, born in London on September 17th 1993. He is involved in Formula E.
Automobili Pininfarina is a trademark and enterprise based in Germany, specifically in Munich, and was established in 2018. The company is owned by the Mahindra Group.
Julian Marshall, whose family name is Marshall, is a male tennis player from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Julian Marshall is a human being.
The Whites Bridge is a covered bridge in Michigan, United States. It is made of brown truss and was opened in 1869. It crosses the Flat River (Michigan).
Olaf Kölzig is a human being who plays ice hockey as a goaltender. He is a member of the Washington Capitals and the Tampa Bay Lightning teams. He was drafted by the Washington Capitals.
Clark T. Randt Jr. was born in Connecticut, United States on 01 January 1945. He graduated from Harvard Law School and is a diplomat. Mr. Randt is a man.
Ben E. King's album Let Me Live in Your Life was released in 1978 by Atlantic Records. The album is a soul music album and was produced by Lamont Dozier.
Cindy McLeish, whose family name is McLeish and given name is Cindy, was a member of the Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division) and a Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. She was married to Jeff Moss, a cricketer.
The Devil is a film from the United States. The film was released in 1921. It was directed by James Young. Edmund Goulding wrote the screenplay. The film is a drama.
Jim Bonar was born in England in 1866. He is a male football player and a citizen of the United Kingdom.
It's Only Us is a single by Robbie Williams, released on November 8, 1999, through Chrysalis Records. The single is a pop rock song and was produced by Guy Chambers.
Antonio Carbognani was born in Buenos Aires on 05 November 1953. He is a football player and a football manager from Argentina. He is a man.
Feminine Intuition is a science fiction short story written by Isaac Asimov. It was published in The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories in October 1969. It is a literary work and also belongs to the science fiction genre.
Friedrich Eisenbrand was born on July 3, 1971 in Quierschied, Germany. He is a computer scientist and mathematician who works at Paderborn University and is a citizen of Germany.
Dave Pichette is a defenceman who played for the New York Rangers and the St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League. His given name is Dave and his surname is Pichette.
Teresa Perozzi, a female boxer from Bermuda, was born in New Hampshire on December 31, 1973. She is a citizen of Bermuda and competes in the sport of Boxing.
Carlos Matheu, a male football player from Argentina, was born in Quilmes on May 13, 1985. He is a professional footballer who plays Association football.
Mikhail Postnikov, a human being, studied under Lev Pontryagin and worked in the fields of differential topology and mathematics. His doctoral advisor was Lev Pontryagin and he speaks Russian.
A River Runs Through It is a novel written by Norman Maclean, published in May 1976 in the United States. It is a literary work that can also be classified as an autobiography.
The 1993 San Marino Open was a women's tennis tournament edition held in San Marino in 1993.
Thomas Oldham studied at Trinity College Dublin, was awarded the Royal Medal by the Royal Society. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society and a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He is an expert in human anatomy.
Maria Lazarou was born in Serres, Greece on September 30, 1972. She was a female football player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zbigniew Pakleza was born in Gliwice, Poland on December 5, 1986. He is a male chess player and a citizen of Poland.
Rudresh Vaghela was born in India on November 2, 1993. He is a male cricketer who plays the sport of Cricket and is a human being.
Arja Alho is a female politician from Finland. She was born on 21 March 1954 and works in Helsinki. She is a citizen of Finland and was educated at the University of Helsinki.
Artur Kartashyan, a male football player from Armenia, was born in Yerevan on 8 January 1997. He is a citizen of Armenia and plays Association football.
Dikava is a human settlement in Surdulica, Serbia.
Helen Oxenbury won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize at some point in time, and also at some point in time.
The Japanese language TV series Monkey is based on Journey to the West and features Masaaki Sakai.
The Prime Minister of Kuwait was established on 11 November 1962 and is the title of this list.
The film Devil's Gate, from the United Kingdom, was shot by Malcom McLean and edited by Chris Joyce.
The Shannopin Coal Co is a mine located in the United States. It produces coal.
Zhao Yong ( painter ) was a member of the House of Zhao and had children Zhao Feng and Zhao Shuduan.
Abigail Morris is the chief executive officer of Soho Theatre. Unfortunately, the start and end time of her tenure is not specified.
House of Cards (British TV series) is based on the novel House of Cards by Michael Dobbs.
The Victorian Railways iced vans, which are a type of train, were made at Newport Workshops.
Marinka (operetta) was produced in 1945 and first performed on 18 July 1945. It is an English language operetta.
Air Dolomiti is a member of the Star Alliance. Its parent organization is Lufthansa. Air Dolomiti is a joint-stock company.
Hollister Municipal Airport is adjacent to the Naval Auxiliary Air Station Hollister, located in the United States.
William Cleaver Wilkinson attended the Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School from an unknown start time until an unknown end period.
The Tornabuoni Chapel was created by Domenico Ghirlandaio, who worked in his workshop on this project.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Markov played for FC Novokuznetsk, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Wojciech Rudy played for the Poland national football team.
Dconf is free software that uses the C programming language and is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
John Bosler played for the Australia national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Malyi Kuchuriv is a village in Zastavna Raion, Ukraine.
Patrekur is a basketball team from Iceland, which plays basketball.
Ron Wyden graduated from the University of Oregon School of Law with a degree.
Milton Batista Vieira Júnior was a member of Sport Club Internacional from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gilmar Silva is a member of Oeste Futebol Clube, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Richard Burton was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Anne of the Thousand Days.
Gozdowo, Masovian Voivodeship is a village of Poland, located in Gmina Gozdowo, Poland.
Jacques Cartier State Park is a New York state park located in the state of New York, United States.
Mohammadpur Upazila is an Upazila of Bangladesh, located in the Magura District.
Tral is a human settlement in Pulwama district, India.
Milanów is a village in Poland, located in the Gmina Milanów, Lublin Voivodeship.
Aretha Live at Fillmore West was recorded at Fillmore West. It started at the Fillmore West and ended at the Fillmore West.
Jonay Hernández played for CD Ourense, started there, and ended there.
Raiders of the Lost Ark was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, Steven Spielberg was the nominee, and the nomination is the subject of the award.
Ettore Manni was a citizen of Italy, where he began his career on 19 July 1922 and ended it on 6 January 1992.
Pittsburgh Keystones, an ice hockey team, play in the United States.
The 13th Note Café is a venue in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Jamie Chandler played for the England national under 18's football team from the start time to the end time.
Thiago Gentil is a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Luigi Mostacci was a citizen of Italy, starting his career on 20 January 1907 and ending it on 6 December 1970.
Victor Truhanov was a member of FC Costuleni from the start to the end.
The Delhi Cloth & General Mills is a business established in India in 1889.
Lingleville Independent School District is a school district in Texas, United States.
Scott Township is a township in Adams County, Ohio, United States.
Farfa (poet) was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 13 July 1946.
Jerome Taylor played for the West Indies cricket team, which started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Qazi Jahan is a human settlement in Iran, located in Qazi Jahan Rural District.
The Greater Yosemite Council is a nonprofit organization and a Scout council of the Boy Scouts of America, located in the United States.
Billy Bob Thornton won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his work.
9454 Wilshire Boulevard is an architectural structure that was designed by Robert E. Langdon Jr. and was completed in 1968.
Ulrika Karlsson ( footballer ) was a member of the Sweden women's national football team, which started and ended with her participation.
Yevgeni Malofeyev played for FC Dynamo Barnaul, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Comforters is written in English and published by Macmillan Publishers. The novel is set in Sussex.
The Cleveland Panthers, from the United States, are an American football team.
Downtown Youngstown is a central business district located in Youngstown, Ohio, United States.
Bryan Linssen played for Fortuna Sittard from the start to the end.
Rauwshan McKenzie played for the Chicago Fire U-23, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Jack Weston and Tom Berenger star in the miniseries, based on the novel If Tomorrow Comes.
Alleged is a Tennessee based film distributed by RLJE Films. The film's original language is English.
The Spirit of Adventure is from the United States. It was distributed by Mutual Film and is in the public domain.
Ted Fleming played for the Melbourne University Football Club, which started and ended at some unknown times.
Bass Ledge is an island located in Nantucket County, United States.
Pepe Pinto played for Real Valladolid at some point in time.
Sergei Anatolyevich Vasilyev played for FC Metalist Kharkiv from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mwalimu Cooperative Savings & Credit Society Limited was founded in 1974 and is a business located in Nairobi.
The list of Michigan state parks is a list of Michigan state parks that is related to the list of state parks of Michigan.
Shupluy District is a district in Yungay Province, Peru, and is a district of Peru.
The Jackie Thomas Show is in the English language and was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company. Michael Boatman is a cast member.
Maria De Mattias was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1805 and ended on 20 August 1849.
Juan Manuel Coello played for the Honduras national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Lake Nahorivske is a lake in Ukraine, located in Ukraine.
Kay ( footballer ) played for S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alan R. Battersby is a member of Academia Europaea, who was affiliated with Academia Europaea from an unknown start time.
Tomi Shimomura is a member of Montedio Yamagata, with start time and end time.
The Emmetsburg Community School District is a school district in the United States, located in Iowa.
Adriano Bausola was a citizen of Italy, and began his career in Italy on 1 January 1928 and ended it on 22 June 1976.
Antwerp International Airport is connected to Palma de Mallorca Airport, starts at Palma de Mallorca Airport, and is operated by Palma de Mallorca Airport.
Kevin Sakuda played for Austin Aztex FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Pieter van den Bosch (painter) worked in Amsterdam at two unknown points in time.
Harper is an unincorporated community in the United States, located in the state of Indiana.
Gabriel Milito played for Real Zaragoza at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Domingo Zalazar played for Audax Italiano, starting on an unknown date and ending on an unknown date.
The Sleeping Child is a drama from Belgium and the original language of the film or TV show is Arabic.
Alimabad is a village in Iran, located in Markazi Province.
Shalva Apkhazava played for FC Arsenal Kyiv from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gmina Oleszyce is an urban-rural municipality in Poland, located in Lubaczów County.
Fazil Iskander won the State Prize of the Russian Federation. The State Prize of the Russian Federation was awarded to Fazil Iskander at some point in time. The State Prize of the Russian Federation was awarded to Fazil Iskander at some point in time.
Rita Levi-Montalcini received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, specifically at a certain point in time, and shared it with another recipient.
Adam Burish played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 2005 to 2017.
Norihiro Kawakami played for Geylang International FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Kasba Peth (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India.
Area code 928 is an area code in the United States, located in Winslow, Arizona.
Aristides Masi was a member of Club Sportivo San Lorenzo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues played for Adelaide United FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Charles Duccilli was a member of the Philadelphia Atoms, whose tenure started and ended at an unspecified time.
Artur Lesko played for FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, which started at some point in time.
Bruno Furlan was a member of Club Athletico Paranaense from the start to the end.
Jos Koetz played for the Luxembourg national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Port of Melbourne Authority in Australia is a Statutory Authority that was established in 01 January 1958.
Ritesh Batra won the Zee Cine Award for Most Promising Director for his work.
Anton Matveyev played for FC Taganrog from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sudbury / Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base in Ontario, Canada.
Kiko Torres played for Real Madrid Castilla from start to end.
Mario Miltone played for Borgosesia Calcio, where he started and ended his career.
The Almaden Open is a golf tournament in the United States.
The business, VConnect, was founded in 2010 in Surulere.
The 1878 Hereford by-election was a by-election held in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1878.
Isaac Asimov won the Nebula Award for Best Novelette. He won it for his work. Unfortunately, the point in time is not specified.
Chris Martin (cricketer) played for the New Zealand national cricket team, starting his career on an unknown date and ending it on an unknown date.
Wayne N. Phillips, whose given name is Wayne, is a human being who played for the Australia national cricket team.
Vodien Internet Solutions is a company in the Internet industry that was founded in 2002.
The South Meherrin River is a river in the United States, located in Virginia.
Gerard Vaughan is the surname of Australian politician Gerard Vaughan. Gerard Vaughan is a human being.
Emilian Dolha is a member of CSM Olimpia Satu Mare, he started with them and ended with them.
Ferdinando Miniussi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 13 July 1946.
Chesterfield and District Amateur League is a Sports league from the United Kingdom, that is related to Association football.
Jim Wylie played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Leigh Woods is a village in Somerset, United Kingdom.
Simon Birtwisle played for Northumberland County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 2015 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Loyola College, Ibadan, Nigeria, was established in 1954 and is a school.
Jeremy Allen played for the Western Australia cricket team, which started and ended at unknown times.
The Ford Hotel is a building located in Ontario, Canada.
Domanice is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County.
Chenar Mishavan is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, Iran.
Bella Kocharyan, whose spouse is Robert Kocharyan, is a human being.
Futaba Corporation is a member of the SD Association, in the electronics industry, and they are a Kabushiki gaisha corporation.
Tom Gracie played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started in 1950 and finished in 1951.
Sergio Boris ( footballer ) was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, which started and ended at some point.
Oliver Herber is a member of Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Rhydyclafdy is a village in Gwynedd, United Kingdom.
Hiroki Higuchi played for Fukushima United FC, starting at some unknown time and finishing at some unknown time.
Mikhail Zhabkin played for the Russia national under-17 football team from start time to end time.
Jem Karacan played for the Turkey national under-21 football team. The team's start time was not specified, but the end time was also not specified.
Pere Tarradellas started playing for SD Ponferradina, and he finished playing for SD Ponferradina.
Lemley Campus is a public educational institution located in Oklahoma, United States.
Charles Belton played for Kent County Cricket Club, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The William Pinto House is a house located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Inzensky District is located in Samara Oblast and was established in an unknown start time and ceased to exist in an unknown end time.
Buczyn is a village in Poland, located in the Masovian Voivodeship, Gmina Czerwin.
Paula Ioan is a human being whose given name is Paula (given name) and she is involved in Artistic gymnastics.
Emiliano Zapata is a municipality in Mexico, located in the state of Morelos.
Chris Silverwood played for the Mashonaland Eagles. Unfortunately, there is no information available about the start and end times of his involvement with the team.
The Kankesanthurai Lighthouse in Sri Lanka is a lighthouse that was established in 1893.
Igor Shalimov played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Batu Arang is a town in Malaysia, located in the Gombak District.
Gabriel de Broglie attended the École nationale d'administration, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The Oulu City Library is located in Pokkinen, which is the starting point of the library's location in the administrative territorial entity.
Alexandre N'Gadi played for Pau FC at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Derrick Hamilton, a human, has played for the Toronto Argonauts and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Many Springs is an unincorporated community in the state of Missouri, United States.
Stade de DUC Dakar, a stadium, is located in Senegal and is used for association football.
Stanley Fenley played for Surrey County Cricket Club, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Viktor Stanitsyn plays a character in the film The Battle of Stalingrad.
Gudem Kotha Veedhi is a village in India, located in Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal.
Moussa Hirir is a citizen of Djibouti and has played for the Djibouti national football team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Lucien Leduc played for Annecy FC from the start to the end.
Frays Farm Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the London Borough of Hillingdon, United Kingdom.
Braintree Sixth Form is a secondary school in the United Kingdom that was established in 2009.
Don Waddell played in the National Hockey League from 1997 to 2002.
Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges was the director of the École normale supérieure (Paris) from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Giorgio Ferrari was a citizen of Italy. He started working in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career in Italy on 12 February 1981.
The Meitetsu Hashima Line is owned by Meitetsu and starts with the Meitetsu Takehana Line.
Yothinburana School is a school in Thailand, located in the Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict.
Your True Love is a song performed by Carl Perkins and was released in 1957.
Gabi Lasri played for the Israel national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Pochtamtsky Bridge, which crosses the Moyka River, was opened in 1824 and is a cultural heritage site in Russia.
Doc Murray, known as Doc, is a human being who plays for Wigan Warriors.
Chelmsford Radio is a radio station in the United Kingdom that was established in 1998.
The St. Thomas-Elgin Memorial Centre is a building in Ontario, Canada.
Caio is a village in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
José Gildeixon Clemente de Paiva played for Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube. He started playing for the club and eventually ended his time with the club.
Aleksandr Perov (footballer) started playing for FC Kuban Krasnodar and ended his time with the team.
The Sheraton Skyline Hotel at London Heathrow in the United Kingdom is a hotel that was established in 1971.
Kaheawa Wind Power is a wind farm in Maui County, Hawaii, United States.
Moravian Falls is a waterfall in North Carolina, United States.
Twin Mound is a ghost town in Douglas County, Kansas, United States.
Bert McInenly played in the National Hockey League from 1928 to 1930.
Andrea Mengoni played for Delfino Pescara 1936, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Squire and Partners is an architectural firm in the United Kingdom that was established in 1976.
Parking Panda is a company that was founded in 2011.
Yukio Tsuchiya was a member of the Barretos Esporte Clube, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Gavin James (footballer) was a member of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team, with a start time and an end time.
Belt Line Road is a road in Dallas County, Texas, United States.
Garnik Avalyan played for FC Volgar Astrakhan at some point, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Norfolk Street station is adjacent to Warren Street / NJIT station, which it connects to, and is in the direction of Warren Street / NJIT station.
Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is a National Estuarine Research Reserve located in Mississippi, United States.
Siswan is a Community development block in Siwan district, India.
Vladimir Nakoryakov received the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" IV class and the Order of the Badge of Honour. He holds a Doctor in Engineering degree.
Enzo Rosa was a member of F.C. Pavia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bongouanou Department is a department in the Moronou Region of Ivory Coast.
Richard Bland (burgess) has a child named Theodorick Bland of Cawsons and a child named Mary Bland. He is married to Elizabeth Randolph.
Cortina Airport is an airport. It was established and later closed.
David Bowie is the composer of the song Fantastic Voyage, which was published by David Bowie and is the subject of a statement.
Charles Lee Isbell Jr. worked at AT&T Labs from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
JP Duminy played for Sunrisers Hyderabad from start time to end time.
James Tilyard played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting on an unknown date and ending on an unknown date.
Abraham Bosse worked in Paris, starting in 1623 and ending in 1643.
Daniel Usvat started playing for FC Bihor Oradea and ended playing for FC Bihor Oradea.
Hayfield Dundee is a neighborhood in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Henry Moyo (football), a member of the Malawi national football team, started playing for the team at an unknown time and stopped at an unknown time.
Roger Parker is a member of Academia Europaea since 1994.
Bangou is a village in Zabré Department, Burkina Faso.
Hamdan Qassem is a human being. He is a defender (association football) who plays for Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai.
Cameron Mather was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started and ended on unknown dates.
Larchwood Township is a civil township in Iowa, United States.
The C-5 is a blimp ship built by Goodyear Aerospace for the United States Navy.
Tomah Area School District is a school district in Wisconsin, United States.
Markus Unger was a member of the KSV Hessen Kassel team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Petrit Hoxhaj is a member of the WKE team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Moon Is Blue was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing and was a nominee for that award, and is the subject of a statement about that award.
Beijing Blues won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film. The film won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film. The statement is subject of the film Beijing Blues, which won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film.
Andrei Tsaplin played for FC Neman Grodno, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Laurence Kotlikoff received a doctoral degree from Harvard University, where he was advised by a Harvard University academic.
Darah dan Doa is a film from Indonesia, originally in Indonesian language. The director of photography is Max Tera.
Alyson Reed and Bart Johnson are both cast members of High School Musical, which was originally broadcast on the Disney Channel.
Papa Malick Ba is a member of the Senegal national football team, which started and ended at an unspecified time.
Bigambul is an Indigenous people of Australia, located in Queensland.
Jim Morehouse played for the Carlton Football Club, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Guillermo Eizaguirre played for the Spain national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Andrei Suslin was employed at Saint Petersburg State University from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Aliyu Abubakar (footballer) played for F.C. Ashdod, he started playing for F.C. Ashdod and stopped playing for F.C. Ashdod.
The EMD GP28 was made by Electro-Motive Diesel. The EMD GP28 has a start time and an end time by Electro-Motive Diesel.
Sangria is a red wine cocktail from Argentina.
Evgeni Ignatov (footballer) played for FC Sevlievo, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Eugen Bari played for FK Dubnica from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Principal Riverwalk is a protected area located in Iowa, United States.
Justin Ammar played for SV Heimstetten from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Colin Richardson was the producer of Waking the Demon, the sequel to Hearts Burst into Fire. Waking the Demon was followed by Your Betrayal.
Ryan Cavanagh is a member of the State of Matter MAAP Racing team, which started at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
The Taff Vale Railway O1 class is operated by the Taff Vale Railway. It is a standard gauge railway and was designed by Tom Hurry Riches.
The Cook-Sellers House is a house located in the United States and is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Trge is a human settlement in Bugojno Municipality, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bomako is a human settlement in Bassila, Benin.
Dalechowice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity Gmina Kazimierza Wielka.
Javier Chirinos played for Deportivo Municipal from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Augusto Silj was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Gennadi Grishin played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
L'Embobineuse is a music venue in Marseille, France.
Kono Model Academy is a school in the United Kingdom that was established in 1950.
Ayotle was founded in 2010 and is a business located in France.
Vitaly Suetov played for FC Energetik Uren, which started and ended at unknown times.
The TV series The Manageress originates from the United Kingdom and was shown on Channel 4.
Federico Fellini won the Palme d'Or for his work.
The Great American Bash (1991) is a professional wrestling event from the United States, featuring professional wrestling.
The Miami SunPost, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1985.
Steve Wooddin played for Christchurch Technical from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jimmy Howieson played for the Scotland national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mazenod is a human settlement in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Almir was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, the start time is unknown, and the end time is also unknown.
Sky Odyssey is a DVD-based single player video game published by Activision.
The Golfo Azzurro is a Ship from the United States and is homeported in Panama City.
Patrick Osiako is a member of Simurq PIK. He started and ended his time with Simurq PIK.
Maksim Votinov played for FC Baltika Kaliningrad, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Marius Bezykornovas was a member of the Lithuania national under-21 football team, which he joined at some unknown start time and left at some unknown end time.
Victor Moreland played for the Northern Ireland national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Jock Drummond played for the Scotland national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Legacy Audio is a business established in 1983 in Springfield, Illinois.
The Maltese Light Infantry was formed in 1800 in Malta and dissolved in 1802.
Basongo Airport is an airport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in Kasai-Occidental.
Omer Damari played for FK Austria Wien, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Salisbury Cathedral School is a boarding school located in Salisbury and is a Grade I listed building.
Rutesheim station is a railway halt in Leonberg, Germany.
Geoff Allardice is a human being who played for the Victoria cricket team.
Vitaliy Sobolev played for PFC CSKA Moscow, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Groton Iron Works is a shipyard in the United States that is in the shipbuilding industry.
Marcelo Tolomeotti played for Paragominas Futebol Clube from start time to end time.
The Association of the Holy Childhood (founded in 1959) is a voluntary association.
Yuri Ivanov, a footballer born in 1960, played for FC Kairat from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Glyn Pardoe played for the England national under-21 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
California State Route 178 is a state highway in California, maintained by the California Department of Transportation, and located in Kern County, California, which is part of the state highways in California.
First Direct is a business established in 1989 in Leeds.
Jeff Stollmeyer played for the West Indies cricket team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bille Brown was born in Biloela. Biloela is located in Bille Brown's place of birth. Bille Brown was born in Biloela at some point in time.
The Southland Astronomical Society is an organization located in Southland, New Zealand.
Pelham Parkway is a street located in The Bronx, United States.
Mohammad Nawaz (cricketer) played for the Rawalpindi Rams, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Murray Armstrong played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 1947 to 1955.
The 2018 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament was played during the 2018 season.
Sunblaze is a band from Germany, and their genre is Progressive metal.
Gerard Seghers worked in Naples, starting in 1620 and finishing in 1621.
Chora Botor is a district located in Jimma Zone, Ethiopia.
Alfa Aesar is a business with its headquarters in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and is owned by Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Richard Anconina won the César Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work.
Arpara Ideal High School in Bangladesh is a high school (North America) that was established in 1945.
Cisco Systems is the developer of the Cisco Systems VPN Client software for Microsoft Windows.
The Lumberman's Monument is a sculpture located in Michigan, United States.
Issinsky District is located in Tambov Oblast. It was established and abolished on unknown dates.
Construction Photography is a business established in 2001 in London.
Middletown station (NJ Transit) is adjacent to Hazlet station. Middletown station (NJ Transit) is on the same line as Hazlet station. Middletown station (NJ Transit) is in the direction of Hazlet station.
Maryan Marushchak has played for FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Vitaly Fedorchuk was the chairman of the KGB at the start, but the end time is unknown.
Neon Alley is a business established on 01 January 2012 in San Francisco.
Postcards from Leningrad is a drama from Venezuela, originally in Spanish language.
Jace Alexander, whose surname is Alexander, was educated at the Circle in the Square Theatre School. He is married to Maddie Corman.
Euloge Ahodikpe played for Pápai FC, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
The Khufu Statuette is an ivory sculpture located in the Egyptian Museum.
Yuva won the Screen Award for Best Supporting Actor, which is a point in time.
Marion Dorn worked in London from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
William Beechey, who is married to Anne Beechey, is a member of the Royal Academy of Arts and his works are in the collection of Tate.
UI Energy Corporation is in the petroleum industry and was founded in 1987. Its main line of business is providing energy services.
The Capture of Le Sars, part of the Battle of the Somme, was fought in Picardy, France.
Honeyburge is a hamlet in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.
Burning Creek is a river in West Virginia, United States.
Tevita Kuridrani played for the Australia national under-20 rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mattia Masi played for A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Fred DeGand was a member of the Virginia Beach Mariners. Unfortunately, the start and end times of his tenure with the team are unknown.
Dewhurst v. Coulthard is a legal case in the United States which was heard by the Supreme Court of the United States.
The National Guard Armory-Pine Bluff, located in Arkansas, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Edvan Bakaj was a member of the Albania national under-19 football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Juan Muhlethaler played for the Uruguay national football team which started and finished in unknown dates.
Dobiecin is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Chynów.
Lizz Winstead was the creator of The Daily Show, which she started and ended.
Verkh-Nenya is a village in Russia that was established in 1810.
Kelly Smith played for the London Bees from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Eric Frenzel is a citizen of East Germany, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a multistorey car park located in Alaska, United States.
The Saptamukhi River is a river in India which flows into the Bay of Bengal.
The 2005 Central Hockey League All-Star Game was an ice hockey event held in 2005.
Frank Rost played for Hamburger SV from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Cormac Costello, a human being, has the given name Cormac and is a member of the Dublin Senior Football Team.
Closed Nightmare is a video game from Japan for the Nintendo Switch.
KZBR is a radio station in Colorado, United States.
The 6th U-boat Flotilla operated the German submarine U-585 from 1941 to 1942.
The Macellum of Pozzuoli is an archaeological site located in Pozzuoli, Italy.
Terrai Bainen District is a district in Mila Province, Algeria.
Nabil Jaadi played for the Morocco national under-20 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Adrian Sosnovschi was a member of the FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk football club, starting and ending at unknown times.
Adhemar Canavesi was a member of the Uruguay national football team which started and ended in unknown time.
Michele Cossato played for A.C. Montichiari from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Cristiano Lopes played for the Stuttgarter Kickers. He started with the Stuttgarter Kickers and ended with the Stuttgarter Kickers.
Khazret Dyshekov played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk at the start time and the end time.
Ashland Township is a township in Dodge County, Minnesota, United States.
Kuami Agboh played for K.S.K. Beveren, which started and ended with Kuami Agboh.
The architect of Llandaff Cathedral is Jasper Tudor. It is in the Gothic style of architecture and has a Grade I listed building status.
The Australian Shadows Awards, an award from Australia, was established in 2005.
Franco Scoglio was the head coach of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Anthony Waite played for Middlesex County Cricket Club, whose career began at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
School Lake is a lake in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.
Anton Kramar played for FC Sevastopol-2 from the start until the end.
Harry Prince is a human and is a man who plays for Port Vale F.C.
The Marching Song of the 318th Eng'rs is a song that was published in 1918 and is in the public domain.
Gilpin Point is an unincorporated community in Maryland, United States.
Werner Vogels studied at The Hague University of Applied Sciences. He graduated from The Hague University of Applied Sciences. He majored in an unspecified field at The Hague University of Applied Sciences.
Vladimir Kazakov played for FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The country of origin of the film Wedding Pullav is India. Wedding Pullav is a Romance film. The original language of the film or TV show is Hindi.
Taipei City Constituency 3 is a legislative election regional district in Taipei, Taiwan.
Rudolf Seliger played for MSV Duisburg from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alhandra, a footballer, played for U.D. Leiria from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Yusuf Barak played for KSV Baunatal from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Carlos Casquero played for Real Oviedo B at the start and end.
Yasiel Puig played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, he started with the team and played the position.
The National Theatre of Panama is located in Panama City. It was inaugurated on October 1, 1908, and is a monument of Panama.
Fort Street is a Council Constituency of Eastern District in Hong Kong, China.
Michele Christiansen is a human being, whose given name is Michele, and whose family name is Christiansen.
The Kelsey Range is a mountain range located in California, United States.
William Penn High School is located in North Carolina, United States. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jair da Rosa Pinto played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Teatro San Cassiano is an opera house located in Venice, Italy.
Johan Devrindt was a member of Club Brugge KV from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jaime Bravo (Chilean goalkeeper) played for Deportes Iberia at some point in time, starting and ending at unknown times.
Romeo Castelen played for Hamburger SV II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jeffrey Montgomery graduated from Michigan State University.
Martin Gottfried Weiss was the commander of the Neuengamme concentration camp, it started under his command and ended under his command.
Hîncești was part of the Russian Empire, which started and ended at some point in time.
Heather Mitts was a member of the Philadelphia Charge, starting and ending at an unspecified time.
Sundazed Records is a record label from the United States that was established in 1989.
Italy was a nation at the 1959 Summer Universiade in Italy in 1959.
David Harrer played for the club FK Austria Wien from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Pratt & Whitney PW4000 is a turbofan aircraft engine manufactured by Pratt & Whitney.
Meadowlands Sports Complex is a stadium located in New Jersey, United States.
The Natalka mine is a mine located in Russia and produces gold.
Roman Karmen received the Order of the Red Banner and the USSR State Prize. His works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Karim Janat played for the Spin Ghar Tigers from the start to the end.
Maraguia is a titular see in Tunisia that was established in 1933.
Bernardo Parentino worked in Padua from 1430 to 1450.
Chao Pengfei played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, he began his career at an unknown start time and finished his career at an unknown end time.
Laila Samad studied at the University of Calcutta and received the Bangla Academy Literary Award. She is an advocate for human rights.
Ivan Kotenko played for FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, which started and ended at unknown times.
Kristen Nygaard (footballer) was a member of the Denmark national football team, starting and ending his tenure with the team.
Derrick Somerset Macnutt was a citizen of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ceased to exist on December 31, 1922 due to its end.
The American Council of Engineering Companies was established in 1905 and is an organization based in Washington, D.C.
Katie Mactier was a member of the S.C. Michela Fanini Rox, whose participation in the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Grays Bay is a bay located in the Kitikmeot Region, Canada.
Andrea Mengoni played for A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Vrancea Mountains, which are part of the Sub Carpathians, are a mountain range in Romania.
Dan Dorion played in the National Hockey League, which he played from 1994 to 2000.
West Dereham Abbey, an Abbey located in the United Kingdom, was established on 17 January 1101.
Dammaj is a human settlement in Yemen, located in the Saada Governorate.
Pierre Rabadan played for the France national rugby union team, which started and ended on unspecified dates.
Raoul Lambert played for the Belgium national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Simon Picone is a member of L'Aquila Rugby, which started and ended at some point in time.
Sergey Turanok played for FC Livadiya-Yuni Dzerzhinsk, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Hopwood Middle School is a secondary school in the United States that was established on 01 January 1949.
Caracol Falls is a waterfall in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
NRG Engineering is a business established in 2005 with its headquarters located in Fusionopolis.
Thrill Me is a musical theatre piece composed and written by Stephen Dolginoff.
Morten Olsen played for R.W.D. Molenbeek from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Francesco Parravicini played for S.S.D. Pro Sesto from start to end.
Susan Foley graduated with an academic degree from Murdoch University and another academic degree from Murdoch University.
Lake Diefenbaker has outflow and inflow via the South Saskatchewan River. The lake is associated with the Gardiner Dam.
Sjoerd van Ginneken played for Metec -- TKH Continental Cyclingteam from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Emil Noll played for Arka Gdynia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Remedello culture is a Category:Remedello culture, which is an instance of Archaeological culture, discovered in the Po Valley.
The East Coast Football Club, a sports team from Australia, was established on 01 January 1900.
Ivan Mayewski played for FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi from start to end.
Denis Goavec played for Stade Briochin. He started playing for Stade Briochin and stopped playing for Stade Briochin.
Yvonne Martin, known as Yvonne Martin is a human being, the daughter of Marguerite Beaugé.
Rip Raps Plantation is a building in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Andrew Harris, a cricketer born in 1971, played for Herefordshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Fort Wayne Hoosiers, a basketball team, are from the United States and play basketball.
Nazri Nasir played for the Singapore national football team, which started and finished at some unknown times.
Coco's Bakery is a business established in 1948 in Carlsbad, California.
Bruce Pairaudeau played for the West Indies cricket team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Hewlett Packard Labs is a research institute founded in 2015 in Palo Alto, California.
Uniface (company) is a business established in 1984 in Amsterdam.
Masr El-Nahrda is a Television show from Egypt and is in the Arabic language.
The Toronto Transit Commission occupied the Toronto Board of Trade Building from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mike Seerey is a St. Louis Stars soccer player who was educated at Saint Louis University.
Asakayama Station is adjacent to Sakaihigashi Station, is connected to Sakaihigashi Station, and is towards Sakaihigashi Station.
Thierno Bah played for FC Meyrin from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zerega Avenue station is on the IRT Pelham Line and is connected to the 6 New York City Subway service. It was opened on October 24, 1920.
Monkland State School Residence is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register, located in Queensland, Australia.
Erkan Sekman was a member of Orduspor at some point in time, and started and ended his time with the team.
Vlada Avramov played for the Serbia national football team, which started and ended.
The DRG Class E 93 is an electric locomotive, a locomotive class, and is manufactured by AEG.
Kangerong Station is a pastoral lease located in Queensland, Australia.
Dinesh Mohan is the human name and graduated from the University of Michigan.
Gudivada revenue division is a Revenue division in India, located in Krishna district.
Redouane Drici was a member of the Algeria national football team which started and ended.
Patricio Mac Allister played for the Urawa Red Diamonds from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Stealth ATF is a multiplayer video game developed by Imagineering and published by Mattel.
Youanmi Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, Australia.
Panamaram is a village in India, located in the Wayanad district.
Seachange (horse) was born on November 14th, 2002, in New Zealand and is a female.
Vakhromeyevo is a village in Russia that was established in 1775.
Al Hamilton played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 1933 and ended in 1947.
Kamran Sheeraz played for Shropshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vasiliki Soupiadou is a member of the Greece women's national football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Paandav is an action film from India, originally in Hindi.
Tide Pods is a laundry detergent pod, which is a type of product, and is manufactured by Procter & Gamble.
Joe Shuster won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation for his work.
Marc Lütolf was a member of the Switzerland national under-20 football team, which he joined at some point and left at some point.
Nidanpur is a village in India, located in the Bhopal district.
Hrayr Mkoyan played for FC Mika from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bob Landers, whose given name is Bob, is a human being who plays for the Sydney Roosters.
Renan Bressan played for APOEL FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Antonio Possevino was born in Mantua. He started in Mantua and ended in Mantua.
Clayton is an unincorporated community in Stevens County, Washington, United States.
Extreme Pizza is a pizzeria chain founded in 1994 in San Francisco.
Rinaldo Francisco de Lima was a member of the Clube Atlético Mineiro, starting and ending at unknown times.
Marcelo Saralegui played for Uruguay Montevideo at some point in time, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Feline Fuelled Games, a video game developer, is in the video game industry and was founded in 2005.
Abraham Mazumdar is a human being who plays the piano. His musical genre is classical music.
Linjiang was occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 to 1946.
The 2011 North Somerset Council election took place in 2011 and was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Sunguvarchatram is a human settlement in Kanchipuram district, India.
Bear Valley is a Census-designated place in Alpine County, California, United States.
The Minnesota Vikings are the occupants of U.S. Bank Stadium, which they started using in 2016.
Enoch Oteng is a member of the sports team K. Lyra, which started at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
January Zyambo played for Olympiakos Nicosia, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Eduardo Conget played for Burgos CF, started playing for Burgos CF, and ended playing for Burgos CF.
Wilson's Sandwich Shop is a business established in 1936 in Findlay, Ohio.
Kohar Khurd is a village in India, located in the Jalandhar district.
Bristol is an unincorporated community in Pierce County, Georgia, United States.
Sanjay Yadav played for the Tamil Nadu cricket team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Wayne Township is a township in Butler County, Ohio, United States.
Sterling Wescott played for the Utah Freezz from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
China National Petroleum Corporation was founded in Beijing, which is located in Beijing, the capital of China.
Fernando Marchiori played for Adap Galo Maringá Football Club, he started his career at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Andrei Vlad played for the Romania national under 17 football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Yevgeni Chumachenko played for FC Novokuznetsk, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Alan Wilkinson, a footballer, played for the New Zealand national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Simone del Pollaiolo worked in Rome from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Philip Arthur Whitcombe played for Middlesex County Cricket Club, whose career began at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Talel Chedly played for FC Baulmes from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Philippe Gardent (handballer) played for the France national handball team at some point in time, which began and ended at unknown dates.
Mission Direct is an organization established in 2004 with its headquarters located in Hitchin.
Johannes Hopf played for Ystads IF from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Tahoe Rim Trail was established in 1981. It is a National Recreation Trail located in the Humboldt -- Toiyabe National Forest.
Valentino Sala played for A.C. Monza from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Rocky Mountain House Airport is an airport in Alberta, Canada.
Zaynah Vastani lives in India, is human and is the sister of Ziyah Vastani.
Vestal Watches is a business established in 1997 in Costa Mesa, California.
Paulo Torres played for G.D. Chaves, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The ship HMS Rochfort was built in 1814 in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and is operated by the Royal Navy.
The Waitt Institute is a nonprofit organization founded by Ted Waitt. Its sponsors are the Waitt Foundation.
The 2001 Tour de la Région Wallonne was a sports season in Belgium in 2001.
Robert Bouloux is a human being. His given name is Robert. He was a participant in the Tour de France.
Velna is a village in Estonia, located in Setomaa Parish.
Air One is a subsidiary of Alitalia. Alitalia has Air One, starting at an unspecified time and ending at an unspecified time.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Editing at some point in time, at some point in time.
Barro Preto is a municipality in Bahia, Brazil.
Apra, Punjab is located in Punjab, India and is in the country of India. The languages spoken in Apra, Punjab are Punjabi language.
Massimiliano Caputo was a member of Matera Calcio, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Davis Falls, a waterfall in Pokhara, is located in Nepal.
Alessio Viola played for the Italy national under-21 football B team from start to end.
Katariya is a village in India, located in Bhachau Taluka, Kutch.
Lake Idyl is a lake located in Florida, United States.
Nephin Beg Range is a mountain range located in County Mayo, Republic of Ireland.
Anatoli Piskunov played for FC Lokomotiv Moscow, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Rhydargaeau is a village in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Jardim Lindoia is a neighborhood in Porto Alegre, Brazil.
Michael Bogdanov won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director at some point in time and at some point in time.
Flip Simmons is a human being whose given name is Flip and family name is Simmons.
Nirmala Higher Secondary School, Muvattupuzha is a school in Kerala, India.
The International Chamber of Shipping is an organization established in 1921 with its headquarters in St Mary Axe.
Barnaul is located in West Siberian Krai, it started in unknown time and ended in unknown time.
Eduardo Vilches played for C.D. Cobreloa from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Geir Hasund played for Viking FK, he began his career in Viking FK and ended it in Viking FK.
Andrés Guglielminpietro played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Takayuki Yamaguchi (footballer) is a member of FC Machida Zelvia, he started playing for FC Machida Zelvia at an unknown time, and he stopped playing for FC Machida Zelvia at an unknown time.
David Sakvarelidze was born in Tbilisi, which is a city located in the country of Tbilisi.
Barkan Industrial Park is an industrial park located in Barkan, State of Palestine.
Anatoli Ivanishin and Takuya Onishi are crew members of the Soyuz MS-01, which was manufactured by the Energia corporation.
Quickplay Media is a business established in 2004 in Toronto.
Flawless and Jocelyn Jee Esien are both cast in StreetDance 3D. The series was produced by HMV.
Éric Chelle was a member of Valenciennes FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Abdallah Tazi is a citizen of Morocco, and he played for the Morocco national football team.
Jamurki Union is a union council in Mirzapur Upazila, Bangladesh.
Bombay Beach is a census-designated place in Imperial County, California, United States.
The Tatra V570 is a car model manufactured by Tatra (company).
Nununyi is an archaeological site located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Martha S. Lewis was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. She is the surname of Martha Lewis.
RateMyProfessors.com is a review site that uses the English language. It is owned by Viacom from 2005 to present.
Partick station is adjacent to Kelvinhall subway station, which is on the same line and is in the direction of Kelvinhall subway station.
Wrestle Kingdom III is a professional wrestling event from Japan that features professional wrestling.
Garri Kalan is a village in Jharkhand, India.
Lilian Camberabero played for the France national rugby union team, which began on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date.
Highbury & Islington station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station, is on the same line as King's Cross St Pancras tube station, and is located towards King's Cross St Pancras tube station.
Spigen is a business established on 01 January 2004 in Irvine, California.
St. Joseph High School (Westchester, Illinois) alum and Dallas Cowboys player Andy Frederick is a human being.
Diangi Matusiwa is a member of Almere City FC, he started playing for Almere City FC and ended his stint with Almere City FC.
Krister Kristensson played for the Sweden national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The national anthem of Russia is Patrioticheskaya Pesnya, which was adopted in 2000 and has been in use since then.
Zohan Rural District is a dehestan in Zohan District, Iran.
KLMI is a radio station in Wyoming, United States.
Poum is a village in Struga Municipality, North Macedonia.
Daniel Peláez played for Cienciano at some point, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
The Lounge Lizards are a band founded by John Lurie and are signed to E.G. Records. They are named after the term Lounge lizard.
American Express owns InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions. The acquisition of InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions by American Express began and ended at some point in time.
Alsódobsza is a municipality in Hungary, located in Szerencs District.
The Fiat 1400 and 1900 are powered by a petrol engine and were made by Fiat Automobiles, which is also the brand.
Dungarvan is located in the Irish Free State. However, the start and end times are not provided.
Cedric Scott, who was educated at the University of Southern Mississippi, is a human being. He plays with the Scottish Claymores.
Bulloo Developmental Road is a street in Queensland, Australia.
Austin Hayes played for the Republic of Ireland national football team from 1934 to 1938.
Gustavo Nery played for Coritiba Foot Ball Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Khalfan Ibrahim played for the Qatar national under 17 football team, which started and finished.
David Trapp played for Belize Defence Force FC from the start time to the end time.
Anton Powolny, whose given name is Antonio, is a human being who plays for the Vienna Sportclub.
Kitanzini is a ward located in the Iringa Urban District of Tanzania.
Chucklefish is a video game developer located in London. They are in the video game industry.
Janków is a village in Poland, located in the Gmina Domaniów, Lower Silesian Voivodeship.
Irish Pictorial Weekly is a television series which began on RTÉ One on 29 November 2012.
The John Neely House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Irfan Pathan played for the India national cricket team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
The Wiggles Pty Ltd, an Australian business, was established in 1991.
Athribis is an archaeological site and a tell located in Egypt.
Armando Vajushi played for A.C. ChievoVerona from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mamadi Sangare played for FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, his team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Cavedog Entertainment was a subsidiary of Humongous Entertainment from 1997 to 1999.
Alejandro Hisis played for Club Deportivo Palestino from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Yury Mironov played for FC Khimik-Arsenal from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Pristina existed in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Portland Harbour is a port located in Dorset, United Kingdom.
Zulfiqar Babar played for the Quetta Bears, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Abdul Shamsid-Deen played for the Vaqueros de Bayamón, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Naldo (born 1988), a footballer, started playing for Oeste Futebol Clube and ended his time with Oeste Futebol Clube.
CITIC Limited is headquartered in Hong Kong, Hong Kong is the country where CITIC Limited is located, and CITIC Limited was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1993.
Gerard Bergholtz played for Feyenoord, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Gulran is a human settlement in Afghanistan, located in the Gulran District.
The International Catholic Migration Commission is an organization founded in 1951 in Geneva.
The Ulli Beier Museum is a museum located in Nigeria and was founded by Ulli Beier.
The Catskill Game Farm in the United States is a zoo that was established in 1933.
Sergio Marcon played for Udinese Calcio from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Emilio, a Spanish footballer, played for the Spain national under 19 football team, which started and ended in an unspecified time.
Joypul is a human settlement in North 24 Parganas district, India.
Hardus Viljoen is a member of the Multan Sultans, whose start time and end time are not specified.
Moama Football Club is an association football club from Australia that plays association football.
The New General Service List was published in March 2013 and is based on the General Service List.
Sergio Velazquez (footballer, born 1952) played for the Los Angeles Aztecs from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ren DeGaris held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The ship HMS Icarus was built in 1885 in the United Kingdom and is operated by the Royal Navy.
Koulmasga is a human settlement in Burkina Faso, located in the Bilanga Department.
Jérôme Gondorf was a member of the ASV Durlach from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ari Kelman graduated from the University of Wisconsin -- Madison with a degree.
Deh Now-e Esahaqabad is a village in Iran, located in the Central District of Narmashir County.
The Munda languages, which are part of the Austroasiatic languages, are a language family described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Serhiy Borysenko played for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Andrzej Bednarz played for Zob Ahan SC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Carlos Matheu played for Cagliari Calcio, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Vilafrancada was a rebellion in Portugal in 1823.
Handvo is a food found in India and it is made of wheat flour.
Fuentes del Valle is a human settlement in the State of Mexico, Mexico.
Igor Uralyov played for FC Amkar Perm at some point in time and stopped playing for FC Amkar Perm at some point in time.
The ColecoVision is a home video game console manufactured by Coleco and was discontinued in 1985.
Pentland Township is a township in Luce County, Michigan, United States.
Samsara Blues Experiment is a band, specifically a hard rock band, from Germany.
Daniel Bennett ( footballer ) played for Woodlands Wellington FC from the start to the end.
Zeka Goore played for Telephonat Beni Suef SC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Dunfermline High School is a secondary school located in Fife, United Kingdom.
Taza Chocolate is a chocolaterie established in 2006 in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The Takasaki Line connects with the Yamanote Line.
Muthana Khalid was a member of Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, which started and ended at some point in time.
Pasionaria ( TV series ) is a Spanish language TV series distributed by Cisneros Media. The original language of the TV series is Spanish language.
The 1987 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament was an instance of a sports season, specifically a basketball event held on 01 January 1987.
We Heart It is a website founded in 2011 in San Francisco.
Dimbulah, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Hill, which starts at Dimbulah, Queensland.
New Gurgaon is a village in India, located in Haryana.
Watson Township is a township in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.
Andrei Panfyorov played for FC Torpedo Moscow from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Woman's Temperance Publishing Association was a business established in 1879 in Illinois.
Marcelo Elizaga was a member of Quilmes Atlético Club, which started and ended at unknown times.
Curious Brewing is a brewery in the United Kingdom that was established in 2011.
A Seventh Man, written by John Berger, was published in 1975.
Suat Okyar played for Pendikspor at the start and end.
Billy Vunipola played for the England national under-20 rugby union team, which began its career and ended its career.
Theodore von Kármán was awarded the ASME Medal.
Homestead Harmonizers is a choir from the United States, which was founded in 1988.
Roman Slavnov was a member of FC Moscow, and he started and ended his career with the team.
Guido Carrillo was a member of the Estudiantes de La Plata team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The 2015 Melton Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Mariano González was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team, which started and finished.
Northcourt Manor is a manor house and an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
The Finance Centre is a skyscraper located in Taguig, Philippines.
Ryta Górka is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Nozdrzec.
Deutsche Schule Bilbao was established in 1917 in Bilbao, Spain.
The book "Escape from China" by Zhang Boli was published on January 1, 1998.
Bassey William Andem was a member of the Union Douala team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Celso Borges played for AIK Fotboll from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Hardest Day is part of the Battle of Britain and is located in England, United Kingdom.
Tansèga, Boudry is a human settlement in Burkina Faso, located in the Boudry Department.
Leopold Gernhardt played for SK Rapid Wien from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mor Dahan played for the Israel national under 18 football team, which started and finished at unknown times.
Susana Campos and Santiago Rebull are both cast in Cuando besa mi marido, a film from Argentina.
95th Street, in Manhattan, is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation in the United States.
Gilberto Machado played for the Honduras national football team at some unknown start time and unknown end time.
Sakado Castle is a Japanese castle in Minamiuonuma, Japan.
Mikhail Trukhlov played for FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin, he started his career with the team and ended it with the team.
The Springfield Interchange is an interchange in Virginia, United States.
Reza Jabbari played for F.C. Aboumoslem, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Sulthan Bathery, India, was established in 1977 and is a school.
The 2013 Salisbury City Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
The Ku Music Asian Music Awards, a music award from China, was established in 2015.
Mapili is a human settlement in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Meskiana District is a district located in Oum El Bouaghi Province, Algeria.
Natascha Kohnen was born in Munich, which is located in the administrative territorial entity and country of Munich.
Edgaras is a male given name written in the Latin script and is of the Lithuanian language.
Vovkovatytsia is a village in Brody Raion, Ukraine.
Lake Owassa is a lake in the United States, located in Frankford Township, New Jersey.
Kruszka is a village in Poland, located in the Gmina Chojnice, Pomeranian Voivodeship.
WPXC-TV is a television station in the United States that was established in 1990.
The Life and Times of Eddie Roberts, a television series, is an American television sitcom from the United States.
Thorsager is a town in Denmark, located in Syddjurs Municipality.
Hugh Howie played for the Scotland national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Ura Gewog is a Gewog in Bhutan, located in the Bumthang District of Bhutan.
LatinWorks is a business established in Austin, Texas in 1998.
Sky Aviation ( Sierra Leone ) is an airline based in Sierra Leone. The hub of Sky Aviation ( Sierra Leone ) is Lungi International Airport.
Singha Sports Club, a cricket team from Sri Lanka, competes in first-class cricket.
The Nails are a rock and pop band from the United States and their music genre is New wave music.
South Devon Railway locomotive Taurus was operated by the South Devon Railway Company which began and ended its service.
The film Making a Living features Charles Inslee and Minta Durfee. It was produced by Keystone Studios.
Nsangi is a human settlement in Wakiso District, Uganda.
Alexis Gritchenko worked in Paris from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Jakarta -- Merak Toll Road in Indonesia is a road that was established in 1984.
Adel Nefzi started with US Monastir and ended with US Monastir.
Hoffman Bridge is a covered bridge in the United States, located in Crabtree, Oregon.
Maxime Chanot played for Le Mans FC, with a start time and an end time.
Jannaram, Enkoor mandal is a village in India, located in the Khammam district.
The Qing Dynasty is the setting of the novel Royal Tramp, which was written in Hong Kong. Ng Man-tat is a cast member of the novel.
Filippos Darlas played for the Greece national under-21 football team at some point, but it is unknown when he started and stopped.
Albert Hall, Nottingham was designed by Albert Edward Lambert, and has the architectural style of Baroque Revival.
Giuseppe Miccolis played for FC Lugano at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
Heart South Devon is a radio station in the United Kingdom that was established in 1999.
Macroplaza Mall is located in Texas, United States. It was established in 1982.
The QuickBird had a significant event of a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Ron Kind studied at the London School of Economics, where he earned an academic degree.
Tekstilshchiki District is a district of Moscow, located in the South-Eastern Administrative Okrug, Russia.
Jeroen Lambers played for FC Groningen at some point, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Llanmiloe is a village in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
H.V. Hordern played for the Australia national cricket team, which started and ended at unknown times.
The business, Radio Research Consortium, was established in 1981 and is based in Olney, Maryland.
Molkom is an urban area in Sweden, located in Karlstad Municipality.
Matt Koalska played in the National Hockey League, starting in 2001 and retiring in 2002.
Luk Bawan is a village in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
The National Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka is an organization established in 1986 in Colombo.
Athens was the capital of the Kingdom of Greece, which began on 1832 and ended on 1924.
The Barry Railway Class E locomotive was manufactured by Hudswell Clarke, with a start time and end time associated with the manufacturer Hudswell Clarke.
Ebeotsu Station is adjacent to Takikawa Station, which is on the connecting line to Takikawa Station, and is towards Takikawa Station.
Dragoș Plopeanu played for CS Inter Gaz București, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Kevin Stevens played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 1987 and retired from in 2002.
Lower Truro is a human settlement located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Jumia Travel is a business founded in 2013 in Lagos.
Paul Wolters was a member of the German Archaeological Institute and was a Habilitation graduate. He was buried at Alter Friedhof, Bonn.
Juan Andres Larré played for C.A. Bella Vista from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
George Baker (judge) was the President of the Family Division from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Maynard Ashcroft played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Evgeni Malkin won the Art Ross Trophy.
Jean Carlo Witte is from Brazil and was a member of the Brazil national under 20 football team, with the team starting and ending at an unspecified time.
Mayfly is a rock and pop band from the United States, who were formed in 2012.
Rafael Márquez Lugo was a member of the Mexico national football team, which started and ended.
Emine Demir was a member of the Turkey women's national under-21 football team, whose participation started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Guangximen station is adjacent to Shaoyaoju station, which is on the same line, and is located towards Shaoyaoju station.
North Eleuthera is a local government in The Bahamas, located in The Bahamas.
Henry Mancini is the composer of Cade's County, which is broadcasted on CBS and is in the English language.
OneClimate is a business established in 2006 in London.
The main subject of CINAHL is Nursing, which is a bibliographic database published by EBSCO Industries.
B-Scada is a Public company located in Crystal River, Florida and is a Public company.
Benhalima Rouane played for USM Blida at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
The Tennis Channel Open, a tennis tournament in Las Vegas, is a sequel to the ATP Scottsdale.
Greg Wright played for Staffordshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ramsey St Mary's is a village in Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom.
The International School Bangalore, India, was established in 2001 and is a school.
Parag Tyagi is a human being who lives in Mumbai and is married to Shefali Zariwala.
City Canal is a canal located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom.
Sam Kennedy, a footballer born in 1881, played for the Scotland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Orven is a cycling team from Mexico that was established in 2009.
Osamu Tezuka won the Kodansha Manga Award for his work.
Connie Morella graduated from Boston University with a degree from Boston University, ending her time at the institution.
Campo Municipal de Aterrizaje Airport, an airport, is located in Minas, Uruguay.
Charles Turner (Australian cricketer) played for the New South Wales cricket team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
James Wall, a footballer, played for the Nashville Metros at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are not specified.
East Rockingham is a Census-designated place in Richmond County, North Carolina, United States.
Joy Burke, whose family name is Bao, is a human being who competes in women's basketball.
SULO ( Australian rock band ) is an alternative rock band from Australia.
The Anniston-Oxford metropolitan area is a Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States, located in Alabama.
Weerawut Kayem played for the Thailand national under-20 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Djamal Mahamat played for S.C. Beira-Mar from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ramapuram Sree Rama Temple is a Temple in Kottayam district, India.
John S. Knight was awarded the Maria Moors Cabot Prizes at some point in time.
BancABC is a business established in 1997 in Gaborone.
The Wanne Observation Tower is an observation tower located in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany.
Payless Cashways, Inc. is a retail business headquartered in Missouri.
The Crepulje mine is located in Kosovo. It produces lead.
Pedro Almeida (footballer, born 1993) started and ended his time with S.C.U. Torreense.
Rajinder Kumar (footballer) was a member of the Indian Arrows football team, and the team started and ended with the name Indian Arrows.
Keith Reddin studied at Northwestern University, graduating with an academic degree, and his time at Northwestern University ended.
Timber Lake Playhouse is a theatrical troupe in Illinois, United States.
Arne Friedrich was a member of the SC Verl team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Breach Candy is a neighbourhood in Mumbai, India.
Paul Weatherwax, a human, is a botanist with the given name Paul and the family name Weatherwax.
The Statenvertaling is a Bible edition book, published in 1637.
Bairabi is a human settlement in India, located in Kolasib district.
Sadao Fuchigami is a member of the Social Democratic Party (Japan) and is human. He speaks Japanese.
The Conventicle Act (Sweden) applies to the jurisdiction of Sweden, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Eduard Koptily played for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mike Garrett played for the Kalamazoo Kangaroos from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Akil Blount played for the Orlando Apollos, starting on an unknown date, and played the position of an unknown speciality.
Dhaner Dam is located on the Tapti River in India.
Anzal is a village in Iran, located in Kermanshah Province.
HealthLinkBC is an organization in Canada that was established in 2001.
Yevhen Seleznyov was a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, whose participation started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Francis Joseph ( footballer ) played for K.R.C. Genk, he started playing for K.R.C. Genk and finished playing for K.R.C. Genk.
Alexander Kruglov was born in Veliky Ustyug, which is a country located in the administrative territorial entity Veliky Ustyug.
Henri Bienvenu was a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis team, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Yana Troyanova won the Kinotavr award.
Kumar Navale is a human being who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He comes from India.
Ilia Spiridonov was born in Kazan, which is located in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.
Viv Richards played for the Combined Islands cricket team, which started and ended at unspecified times.
Mud Lake is a lake in Warren, New York, United States.
The 2000 Rugby Borough Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Ivan Romanchuk played for MFC Kremin Kremenchuk, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Igor Shitov was a member of the Belarus national under-19 football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Kodi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple in Tamil Nadu, India.
Ese Odo is a local government area in Ondo State, Nigeria.
Westport High School is a high school located in Westport, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Gleb Boglayevskiy played for FC Amkar Perm from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
A Gang Story was filmed in Lyon. The filming of A Gang Story in Lyon started and ended at unknown times.
Jonathan Wilmet played for K.M.S.K. Deinze, starting at an unspecified time, and was acquired through an unspecified transaction.
Ronaldo Pompeu played for S.S. Lazio from start time to end time.
Tamatoa Tetauira is a midfielder who plays for A.S. Dragon (Tahiti) and is a human being.
Take Wing, a Thoroughbred, was born in 1938 and is from the United States.
Sharif Kandi is a village in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Mike Brown, a safety, was a member of the Kansas City Chiefs, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Cormorant Cave is a cave located in Gibraltar, United Kingdom.
Ravi Opi is a Village Development Committee in Kavrepalanchok District, Nepal.
Duncan Ross is a Scottish politician who is a member of the Scottish National Party. Duncan Ross's name is Ross.
Henry Sweet discovered Current Shorthand in 1892. It is an instance of Shorthand.
Vaidotai railway station is a train station in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Koluel Kayke is a municipality in Argentina, located in the Deseado Department.
Washburn School is a school in the United States, located in Washburn, Tennessee.
Jahada is a Village development committee in Nepal, located in Nawalparasi District.
The 2nd Battalion (Norway) is a Norwegian battalion that was established in 2003.
Nikola Gligorov played for Alki Larnaca FC at some point, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gehri Buttar is a village in India, located in the Bathinda district.
Kennford is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Kenn, Devon.
Mountview Cemetery is a cemetery in Montana, United States.
The song "Down in It" was written by Trent Reznor and is from the United States. It was followed by "Head Like a Hole".
The Kakamigahara Air and Space Museum in Japan is a science museum that was established on 23 March 1996.
Baden bei Wien was a part of the Austrian Empire, which started at some point in time and ended at some point in time.
The Beijing Midi School of Music in China is a music school that was established in 1993.
Sebastian Pelzer played for Dynamo Dresden. He started playing for Dynamo Dresden and he stopped playing for Dynamo Dresden.
West Peculiar Township, Cass County, Missouri is a township in the United States, located in Cass County, Missouri.
The book Castes in India: Their Mechanism, Genesis and Development was written in English by B.R. Ambedkar.
Gustavo Noboa was employed at the Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
The Alexander Hotel is a hotel in Reidsville, Georgia, United States.
Li Fusheng played for the China national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Tarmoola Station is a human settlement in Western Australia, Australia.
Dainkwan is a village in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Mariella Lotti was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 June 1910 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Oleg Morozov (footballer, born 1966) played for FC Fakel Voronezh from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Izunna Uzochukwu is a human being. He plays as a midfielder and is a member of FC Midtjylland.
GovHack is a recurring event that started in 2009.
Dines is a ghost town in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.
Mitchell Creek is a stream in South Dakota, United States.
Aleksandr Zobnin played for FC Zvezda Irkutsk, starting at some unknown time and finishing at some unknown time.
The Worcester city walls are a defensive wall in Worcester, United Kingdom.
Pyatigorsk was located in the Caucasus Governorate, which existed from 1822 to 1924.
Norley Hall is a Grade II listed building, an English country house, located in the United Kingdom.
The Brooks County Public Library is a public library located in the United States. The Library is a member of the Georgia Public Library Service.
Hedeyli is a human settlement in Hayrabolu, Turkey.
Scott Cuthbert played for the Scotland national under-20 football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The AMC-3 had a significant event of a rocket launch. The rocket launch of AMC-3 occurred at a location. The rocket launch of AMC-3 occurred at a point in time.
New Dublin Voices is a choir that was founded in Dublin in 2005.
Moreno Costanzo played for FC St. Gallen, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
The 2006 Cambridge municipal election was a municipal election in Canada.
Chico Ramos played for FC Porto and the Portugal national under-17 football team. He also participated in the Football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Pablo Rotchen was a member of the Argentina national football team which started at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
W.P.C. Davies played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on an unspecified start time and ended it on an unspecified end time.
Vincent Bessat was a member of the FC Metz team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
KSGM is a radio station in Missouri, United States.
The Lizzie Robinson House is a building located in Nebraska, United States.
The 2007 Wyre Borough Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Cristian Martins Cabral played for Itumbiara Esporte Clube, he started his career and finished his career at Itumbiara Esporte Clube.
Elm Park tube station is adjacent to Dagenham East tube station, is on the same line as Dagenham East tube station, and is towards Dagenham East tube station.
Maarten van Garderen played for Modena Volley from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Joseph Alioto attended Saint Mary's College of California, graduating with an academic degree.
Artem Shtanko played for FC Luch Vladivostok from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Michel Alves played for Sport Club Internacional from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Latimer Road tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station, which is on the same line as Latimer Road tube station, and is the end station.
Jamie-Jerry Taulagi is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, which started and ended at an unspecified time.
Peter Millar ( footballer ) played for the Phoenix Inferno, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Oliver Beer played for FC Bayern Munich II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Belgium participates in the UEFA European Championship, which is a nation at sport competition, and it is from Belgium and the sport is Association football.
Joseph Laumann played for VfB Lübeck from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Llapo District is a district located in Pallasca Province, Peru.
Sesalac is a village in Serbia, located in Sokobanja.
Hutchinson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in North Dakota, United States.
Amashca District is a district located in the Carhuaz Province of Peru.
The 1971 South Pacific Touring Series was a sports season in Australia.
The South Wales Amateur League, an association football league, was created in 1946.
Carlos Brathwaite is a member of the Delhi Capitals, whose tenure started and ended at some unspecified times.
Diego Rangel was a member of the Palamós CF, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The 2010 Bassetlaw District Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Andrei Panyukov was a member of the Russia national under-17 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Chinthaka Jayasinghe was a member of the Chilaw Marians Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Sitgreaves House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Adamczowice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity Gmina Klimontów.
Aleksei Tyurgashkin played for FC Spartak Kostroma, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Gonzalo Damian Marronkle is a member of F.C. Marco, starting and ending at the team.
Chelsea School District is a school district in Michigan, United States.
Vryotopos is a human settlement in Greece, located in the Tyrnavos Municipality.
Nicola Rigoni played for S.S.D. Palermo at some point, and presumably stopped playing for them at some point as well.
Vasco Matos played for S.C. Olhanense from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kandola Khurd is a village in India, located in the Jalandhar district.
St Joseph's High School, Crossmaglen, Northern Ireland is a high school (North America) that was established in 1961.
Kao Yip Middle School is a school in China that was established in 1910.
Frank Cremeans attended Ohio University, where he earned an academic degree, and graduated from Ohio University.
Globo plc is a business established in 1997 in London.
Lenny Jacobson is a human being whose given name is Lenny and whose family name is Jacobson.
Kotlovka District is a district of Moscow, located in the South-Western Administrative Okrug, Russia.
Ping Pong Entertainment is a filmmaking company from Bangladesh that was established in 2014.
The Book of Thoth ( Crowley ) is a written work written by Aleister Crowley and published on March 21, 1944.
The 2016 Wind Energy Holding Bangkok Open took place in Bangkok. It started on 29 August 2016 and ended on 4 September 2016.
Mars Area School District is a school district in Pennsylvania, United States.
Seaman Stadium is a stadium located in Alberta, Canada.
Hennadiy Popovych played for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kjell Kaspersen played for the Norway national football team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Abraham Laboriel speaks Spanish and plays the bass guitar. He is also the father of Abe Laboriel Jr.
100 Women in Hedge Funds is a business established in 2001 in New York City.
San Mar is a Census-designated place in Washington County, Maryland, United States.
Upin & Ipin originally aired on Hungama TV, which is a Hindi language channel.
Dagon Seikkan Township is a township in Yangon, Myanmar, and is a type of Township of Myanmar.
Momodu Mutairu is a member of the Montedio Yamagata team, which starts and ends at unknown times.
McNee Ranch State Park is a California state park located in California, United States.
Postcards (band) is an indie folk band from Lebanon.
Gordon Hill ( footballer ) played for the Nova Scotia Clippers, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Tower Gateway DLR station is located at Tower Hill, Docklands Light Railway. Its interchange station is Fenchurch Street railway station.
Marilyn Friedman is employed at Washington University in St. Louis, where she holds a position and works in a field.
Ramón Latorre was employed at the University of Chicago from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Nicasio School District is a school district in California, United States.
Larry Mac Duff is a human being who plays American football.
Josip Bonacin played for NK Dugopolje from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Peter Worrell played in the National Hockey League from 1996 to 2004.
Axalto was founded on 01 January 2004 in Paris and is a business.
Richard Magyar played for FC Aarau. He started playing for FC Aarau and finished playing for FC Aarau.
Castle Bay is a General Service Area in Nova Scotia, Canada.
The 2007 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament was an instance of a sports season, occurred in 2007, and was a baseball event.
Anthony Parsons was the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
Amin Affane played for FC Energie Cottbus, which started and ended at some point in time.
Carlos Humberto González was a member of Club Universidad Nacional from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kenny MacDonald played for Happy Valley AA, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
William Kozlowski played for Cuiabá Esporte Clube, he started his time with the team, and his time with the team ended.
Duncan Hodge was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started on 14 January 1950 and ended on 24 November 1951.
Raccoon Creek is a river in Missouri, United States.
Grobice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Chynów.
Darius Vassell played for the England national under 18's football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Geothermal areas of Yellowstone are a territorial entity located in Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
Vladimir Martynenko was born in Kiev, which is located in the administrative territorial entity Kiev, in the country.
Léo Lima played for FC Porto, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
The Real Heroes Award, an award in India, was established in 2008.
Joseph Melling worked in Strasbourg, starting in 1803 and ending in 1804.
Ex-Muslims of North America is an organization in the United States that was established on 28 September 2013.
Johnny Sack is a television character played by Vincent Curatola in the TV series The Sopranos.
Our Lady's College, Hong Kong, in China is a secondary school that was established in 1952.
The Morning Never Came is written in English, with lyrics by Juha Raivio, and was composed by Juha Raivio.
Vitali Yelsukov played for FC Krasnoznamensk, his team, from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
The Wisconsin State Baseball League was founded in 1970 and is a sports league for baseball.
San Ardo Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II is from the United States and was designed by Textron Marine & Land Systems, which is also its manufacturer.
Ivaylo Kirov played for FC Velbazhd Kyustendil from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Nikita Bezlikhotnov was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, which he joined at some unknown start time and left at some unknown end time.
Mary E. Moss Academy is an educational institution located in Maryland, United States.
Warley Silva dos Santos played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, which he started and ended playing for.
Doci is a human settlement in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
John Algeo studied at the University of Miami, graduating from the University of Miami.
Stanton Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States.
Wayne Simonds, whose given name is Wayne, is a human being who plays for the Wests Panthers.
Thierry Bayock played for R.R.F.C. Montegnée. His start time and end time with the team are not specified.
Salvador Salguero played for FBC Melgar, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Alessandra Cianchetta studied at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia at some point in time and earned an academic degree there.
Adrian Madaschi played for Jeju United FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alan Phillips (rugby) played for Cardiff RFC, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Doublebois is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Dobwalls and Trewidland.
Zapatismo is a social movement in Mexico, named after Emiliano Zapata.
Ponhea Kraek District is a district located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.
Federico Crovari played for Calcio Padova from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
TransNamib, which was founded in 1895, is in Namibia and operates 3 ft 6 in gauge railways.
The + 2's is a rock and pop band from Brazil.
Vladislav Duyun played for FC Spartak Moscow at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Veliko Golovode is a human settlement in Serbia, Serbia.
Bartosz Rymaniak played for KS Cracovia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vittorio Casaretti played for Inter Milan, started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Yokosuka E14Y is an aircraft family from Japan, which is operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Brad Smith ( soccer ) played for the Cincinnati Silverbacks from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gisela of France is a member of the Carolingian dynasty. She was married to Rollo and Louis IV of France is her brother.
The EBC Hochschule, which was established in 2007, is a business school located in Neustadt, Hamburg.
The Submarine Escape Training Facility (Australia) is located in Western Australia and was established on 01 January 1987 in Australia.
Derek B. Miller graduated from the University of Geneva and Sarah Lawrence College, and is a speaker of English.
Rosdi Talib played for Pahang FA from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The LNER Thompson Class A2 / 3 was operated by the London and North Eastern Railway. It started in and ended in.
Cesidio Colasante played for the Hershey Wildcats at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Man Thet is a human settlement in Myanmar, located in Hkamti District.
Hylton Colliery is a coal mine located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
The Jubilee Bridge (India) is a railway bridge in India that crosses the Hooghly River.
AEP Paphos FC won the Cypriot Second Division.
The 2015 Atlantic 10 Conference Baseball Tournament was a baseball event that took place in 2015.
Przydawki is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.
Florinel Mirea was a member of FC U Craiova 1948, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Kingstone School is a school in the United Kingdom that was established in 1978.
Robert Mugabe served as Prime Minister of Zimbabwe from an unknown start date to 31 December 1987.
The 1976 NAIA Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball event held in January 1976 as part of the 1976 sports season.
Guduvaiyar River is a river in India, located in Tamil Nadu.
Clever Lane Montessori School, Philippines, is a school that was established in 2000.
Dariusz Romuzga played for Hutnik Nowa Huta, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Birla Sun Life Asset Management was founded in 1994 and is a Business owned by Aditya Birla Group.
José Luis Deus played for the Spain national under-18 football team, which started and finished at some point.
Terminal Reality is a privately held company in the video game industry, based in Dallas.
The Midland Railway 990 Class was manufactured by Derby Works, started production at an unknown time and stopped at an unknown time.
Satwas is a human settlement in India, located in the Dewas district.
Timpendean Tower is a castle located in the Scottish Borders, United Kingdom.
Kenroy Peters played for the Windward Islands cricket team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Spruce Creek Township is a Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Mohammad Nami played for Al-Fateh SC at some point, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Bristol Mountain Ski Resort is a ski resort in New York, United States.
The Sirius XM Satellite Radio owned Classic Vinyl radio station was founded in 2002.
Michael Schimpelsberger played for the Austria national under-17 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Dark Lord of Derkholm is written in English and was published by Victor Gollancz Ltd. The book was followed by Year of the Griffin.
Cookstown Airport is an airport in Ontario, Canada.
Wote is a human settlement in Makueni County, Kenya.
KOKZ is a radio station located in Iowa, United States.
The free software Analysis of Functional NeuroImages, used in Science, is released under the GNU General Public License.
Trimax Mowing Systems is a business established in 1981 in Tauranga.
Kamal Ibrahim ( footballer ) played for Port Melbourne SC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Kusgaon Budruk is a human settlement in Pune district, India.
Kiwa Creek is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada.
Crosshill is a district in Glasgow, United Kingdom, located in Glasgow City.
Samuel Montefiore Waxman was a Bachelor of Arts, was educated as a Bachelor of Arts, and was a Bachelor of Arts at a point in time.
Cleiton Xavier played for FC Metalist Kharkiv at some point, and his time with the team began at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Oil City is an unincorporated community in the United States, located in Yazoo County, Mississippi.
Valter Birsa has played for ND Gorica, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Clear Creek Township is a township in Iowa, located in Jasper County, United States.
Edward Jackett played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on an unspecified start time and ended it on an unspecified end time.
John Byrne is a human being and plays the guitar.
Glenys Page played for Auckland Hearts, which started and ended at unknown times.
The Runestaff is written in English and originates from the United States. The book is the sequel to The Sword of the Dawn.
Watty Allan, a human being, has played for Blackpool F.C. and Kettering Town F.C.
Hakusan Station (Tokyo) is on the Toei Mita Line and opened on 30 June 1972. It is adjacent to Kasuga Station (Tokyo).
Westlands Solar Park is a Photovoltaic power station located in California, United States.
Wim Hofkens played for K.S.K. Beveren, which started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Joy Schoonhoven, whose given name is Joy, is a human being who plays for Almere City FC.
Arlington is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ludwig Bründl was a member of Eintracht Braunschweig from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gerald Holton received the George Sarton Medal and a doctorate in Philosophy degree. His doctoral advisor was Percy Williams Bridgman.
The Cosmo Oil Company, a Kabushiki gaisha legal entity, is a member of the Petroleum Association of Japan and is in the petroleum industry.
Miramar (Weinheim) is located in Weinheim. Miramar (Weinheim) starts in Weinheim. Miramar (Weinheim) ends in Weinheim.
Stringston is a civil parish in West Somerset, United Kingdom.
Trace McSorley played for the Penn State Nittany Lions from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Christopher Cox attended the University of Southern California, graduating with an academic degree from the institution.
Felice Fanetti was a citizen of Italy, starting his career on 18 June 1946 and ending it on 21 April 1996.
Ryan Patel, whose given name is Ryan, is a human being who plays for Surrey County Cricket Club.
Thurl Ravenscroft played a character role in the 1951 film Alice in Wonderland.
Marcelo Cordeiro is a member of Clube Atlético Bragantino, with a start time and end time.
The American English language series Bordertown, which began airing on 3 January 2016, was created by the Fox Broadcasting Company.
The West Gervais Street Historic District is a historic district in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Longchaeng District is a district in Xaisomboun Province, Laos, and is a type of District of Laos.
Victor Bolt was a member of Madureira Esporte Clube at some point in time, and he started and ended his time with the club.
Ion Adrian Zare played for Pécsi MFC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Wellington Koo was a citizen of the Qing dynasty, which started at some point in time and ended at some other point in time.
Milford is a village in Belper, United Kingdom.
The 2008 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Final was an association football match that took place in Indonesia in the year 2008.
Palazzo Di Gregorio is a building in Alcamo, Italy.
Nikolaos Nakas played for TSV Crailsheim. He started playing for TSV Crailsheim and ended his stint with TSV Crailsheim.
Chris Tancill played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 2004 and ended in 2006.
Arthur Kingscote was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club, whose membership started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Glen Riddle Farm is a geographical feature located in Maryland, United States.
Dmitri Akimov played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Theresa Creek Dam is a dam in Queensland, Australia.
Peribit Networks is a business in the United States that was established in 2000.
North Thurston Public Schools is a school district in Thurston County, Washington, United States.
Caryae (Arcadia) is an ancient city, which is located in ancient Greece.
Andrés Sabido played for the Spain national under 21 football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Shane Smeltz was a member of Wellington Phoenix FC at some point, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Vladimir Malakhov (footballer) played for PFC Dynamo Stavropol from start to end.
Richard Pellejero played for Club Nacional de Football, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Deniz Aycicek played for MSV Duisburg II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Pind Purana is a village in India, located in the Gurdaspur district.
Kota Fukatsu is a member of Kashiwa Reysol, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Charles Edward Brooke School is a grammar school located in Camberwell, United Kingdom.
Jamie Field, whose given name is Jamie, is a human being who plays for Wakefield Trinity.
Richmond Road is a road in New South Wales, Australia, in Sydney.
Hathersage Road is a street in Sheffield, United Kingdom.
Emlyn Davies played for the Wales national rugby union team, which began its career on an unknown start time and ended it on an unknown end time.
Stanley Aborah (footballer, born 1969) played for Seongnam FC at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
The Soho Line is a railway line in North Korea. It was opened on 15 December 1936.
Davoud Haghi played for Zob Ahan SC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
BETC is a business established in 1995 in Paris.
Christ University is located in Bangalore, which is a city in the country of Bangalore.
The book Survival! has an edition and is written in English and published by Baen Books.
The Taff Vale Railway H class was operated by the Taff Vale Railway which began and ended in an unspecified time period.
Fred Hoiberg played for the Indiana Pacers, he started with the team, and his time with the team ended.
Severo Cominelli was a citizen of Italy. He started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 11 December 1954.
Kanstantsin Sivtsov was a member of Team Ineos, started with them at an unknown time and finished with them at an unknown time.
Wim Bleijenberg played for FC Wageningen from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Borja Granero is a member of Valencia CF Mestalla, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Cairnorrie is a village in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Kunzer is a human settlement in Baramulla district, India.
The Embassy of the State of Palestine in North Korea is an embassy in North Korea and is operated by the State of Palestine.
Yalta was a part of the Soviet Union from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Embankment tube station is on the Bakerloo line. The Bakerloo line has Embankment tube station as an adjacent station.
Jonathan Asp was a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team, which he started playing for and stopped playing for.
Andrey Aleksanenkov played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Westgate High School is a high school in the United States. It is part of the Iberia Parish School System.
Paragould School District is a school district in Arkansas, United States.
John Martis played for the Scotland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The musical Crispino e la comare was first performed on 28 February 1850. It was written by Federico Ricci and its libretto by Francesco Maria Piave.
The Vancouver Japanese Language School in Canada was established on 01 January 1906 and is a school.
India Square is a neighborhood in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.
The Hampshire and Hampden Canal is a canal located in Massachusetts, United States.
Spilhaus Inlet is a fjord in the Antarctic Treaty area, located on the continent of Antarctica.
Rahul Banerjee and Priyanka Sarkar are both in the cast of Hoi Choi, a film from India.
Margot Gerritsen works at Stanford University, holding a position that started at an unspecified time.
Marjorie Villis, whose given name is Marjorie, is a female human being.
King George Hall is a city hall in Kolar Gold Fields, India.
James Franklin (cricketer) played for Essex County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
John Slattery won the Satellite Award for Best Cast -- Television Series for his work.
Bitburg Middle-High School in Germany is a high school (North America) that was established in 1956.
Ingrave is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Herongate and Ingrave.
Igor José Marigo de Castro started playing for Yokohama FC and stopped playing for Yokohama FC.
Albert Eschenmoser was awarded the Welch Award in Chemistry at some point in time, presumably while affiliated with the institution that awarded it.
Kapilesvara Siva Temple is a Hindu temple in Bhubaneswar, India.
Kahelabad is a village in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Sylvia Smit played for FC Twente Vrouwen from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Frank Paulus played for SC Borea Dresden from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Juan Manuel Fangio won the 1956 Buenos Aires Grand Prix which was a sporting event held on 5 February 1956.
The 2003 McDonald's All-American Boys Game was a basketball game played in 2003.
Mount Wudinna is a mountain in South Australia, Australia.
Khandashi is a village in India, located in the Pune district.
Gertrude Himmelfarb received the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
Jacques Stroweis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for his work.
Animal Control Products Limited is a business established in 1991 in Whanganui.
Lawrence Summers graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Andrey Pyshnik played for FC RUOR Minsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Edward Nicholson worked at the Bodleian Library, where he had a role, and left at an unspecified time.
Amrhut is a village in Iran, located in the Central District of Chabahar County.
The Fourth Ministry of Machine Building was established in 1963 in China and ended in 1993.
Federico Agliardi played for S.S.D. Palermo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Avondale Road railway station in New Zealand is a train station. It was opened in 1881.
Michihiro Yasuda played for the Japan national under-23 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Starring Tracy Beaker is written in English, it is the sequel to The Dare Game and was followed by The Story of Tracy Beaker.
Jan van der Veen played for Sparta Rotterdam, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Peter Stent worked in London from 1658 to 1681.
Serafim Mihaylov played for FC Spartak Plovdiv, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Roger Guerreiro played for Esporte Clube Juventude. He started playing for Esporte Clube Juventude at an unknown start time and stopped playing for Esporte Clube Juventude at an unknown end time.
The Neath & District League, a sports league, was founded in 1931 and is for association football.
Kobe-Sannomiya Station is on the Port Island Line. It is the starting point of the Port Island Line and operated by [operator].
Warm Springs is a city in the United States, located in Meriwether County, Georgia.
Diogo Correa de Oliveira played for Santos FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Jussi Nuorela played for PSV Eindhoven, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sinaut is a village in Keriam, Tutong, Brunei.
The Tupiniquins Ecological Station in Brazil is an ecological station (Brazil) that was established on 01 January 1986.
Thibault Moulin played for Stade Malherbe Caen, which started and ended with Thibault Moulin.
Marat Voranaw was a member of FC Orsha at some point, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Liam Dawson played for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club at an unspecified start time and an unspecified end time.
Roman Adamov played for FC Sibir Novosibirsk, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
José Antonio Vélez played for FC Andorra from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Sea Installer is a ship built by COSCO in Denmark.
Seelampur (Delhi Assembly constituency) is a constituency of the Delhi Legislative Assembly, located in Delhi, India.
Krzysztof Król played for Real Madrid CF at some point, and he started and ended his time with the team.
Run Boy Run is a rock and pop band from the United States, playing Bluegrass music.
Issa Sarr played for ASC Diaraf from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
George Hughes played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on an unknown start time and ended it on an unknown end time.
Nazim Ajiev played for FC Orto-Nur Sokuluk, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The English language album Promise is the follow up to Diamond Life by Sade and was followed by Stronger Than Pride.
Carl Valeri played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
West Green is a village in the Hart District, Hampshire, United Kingdom.
Eric Gioia attended New York University. His given name is Eric, and his surname is Gioia.
Michael Bevan was a member of Yorkshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Tenema N'Diaye played for Al Wahda FC at some point, and his time with the team began and ended at unknown times.
Imagining the Balkans is a book written by Maria Todorova, published in 1997.
The LNWR Class B locomotive was manufactured at Crewe Works and was built between 1860 and 1862.
Beretra Bevoay is a commune in Madagascar, located in the Farafangana District.
Michael Liendl played for the club FK Austria Wien from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Genesee and Water Street Railroad in the United States is a railway line that was established on 01 January 1865.
Birmingham Bulls (SPHL) is an ice hockey team from the United States that plays ice hockey.
Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in Luxembourg, where rugby union is a competition.
Graeme White played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mokrelipie is a village in Gmina Radecznica, Poland.
Johan Malcolm is a member of the Loughborough MCC University sports team, with start and end times unknown.
Elaine Lee ( footballer ) played for the New Zealand women's national football team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
St. Brieux Airport is an airport in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ezra Vogel worked at Yale University, starting at an unknown time and leaving at an unknown time.
Robert Hawkes played for the England national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Oumar Diaby played for RCO Agde, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Donald Ford played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started and ended at unknown times.
Jaipur International Airport is operated by Raja Bhoj Airport and its scheduled service destination is Raja Bhoj Airport.
The director of photography for Chagall is Jean Bourgoin. The film is from the U.S. and was originally made in French.
The Ogba Zoo in Nigeria is a zoo that was established on 01 January 1965.
The Exeter Guildhall is a Grade I listed building in the United Kingdom, and it is an example of a Guildhall.
Daniele Contrini was a member of the Tinkoff Credit Systems team, with a start time and an end time.
Martin Groth played for Hamburger SV from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jimmy Ashcroft, whose given name is Jimmy, is a human being who played for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
The Kanakarayan Aru, a watercourse in Sri Lanka, flows into the Chundikkulam Lagoon.
The Youngstown Patricians, from the United States, are an American football team.
Raramuthirakkottai is a village in India, located in Papanasam taluk.
Vladimir Lugovskoy was educated at Moscow State University and Real College in Tsarskoe Selo (School 500). He was buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.
Damada is a human settlement in Metoumou, Mali.
The Chicago Theatre is operated by the Columbus Association for the Performing Arts, but this information is not available.
The 1998 Euro Open by Nissan was a season (sports) in Spain in 1998.
Gegen Engeland ( Brest newspaper ) is a German language newspaper which was founded in 1940.
Mark Ferner played in the National Hockey League from 1982 to 1985.
The 1983 CFL season was the Canadian Football League's season in Canada.
The Guépard II XJ01, which is from Belgium, is a subclass of aircraft and first flew on 28 May 2009.
The Ballarat Roller Derby League in Australia is a sports league that was established in 2008.
Mabel Corby, known as Mabel, played for the New Zealand national cricket team and was a female member of the New Zealand women's cricket team.
André Turcat won the Harmon Trophy at some point in time, and also at another point in time.
Angela Gerekou is the partner of Tolis Voskopoulos. They started their relationship at an unspecified time and got married in an unspecified location.
Tomasz Kuszczak played for the Poland national under-18 football team, which started and ended in an unspecified time.
Hugh Hefner had a relationship with Brande Roderick, which started at some point and ended at some other point.
Leslie Valiant worked at Carnegie Mellon University from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
Cayetano Ré played for FC Barcelona, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
The University of Franche-Comté is located in Dole, Jura; it started and ended in Dole, Jura.
Denilson Martins Nascimento played for Red Bull Brasil at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
Chuck Robb graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law with a degree.
Rade Paprica was a member of AEP Paphos FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Lana Parrilla plays a character in the TV series The Thing You Love Most.
David Barr, an Irish cricketer, is a member of the North West Warriors, whose career with the team started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Giacomo Casoli played for ACF Fiorentina, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen are a duo made up of Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen.
David Paas played for K.R.C. Genk, he began his time with the team and his time with the team ended.
Spring Garden Township is a township in Jefferson County, Illinois, United States.
The company Aerodium was founded in 1979 by Jean Saint-Germain.
Yoshitaka Fujisaki played for Avispa Fukuoka, which started and ended at some unknown time.
Hooray for Captain Spaulding is a song, published in 1928, composed by Bert Kalmar.
Kalyani railway station is located next to Kalyani Silpanchal railway station, which is connected to it. Kalyani Silpanchal railway station is towards Kalyani railway station.
Eduardo Gomes International Airport, which is named after Eduardo Gomes, is located in Manaus. The airport was inaugurated on 31 March 1976.
The Biggest Loser Germany, a TV show hosted by Katarina Witt, started at some point and ended at some point.
Adiv Chaliv is a village in Iran, located in Khuzestan Province.
Eddie Butler (rugby player) played for the Wales national rugby union team, which began its career on an unknown start time and ended it on an unknown end time.
Fawcett Properties Ltd v Buckingham CC is a legal case from the United Kingdom, which was heard by the judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Mike Figgis won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Director for his work.
Rogério Pinheiro played for Figueirense FC from start to end.
Stefano Casagranda started riding for Bardiani -- CSF and finished his stint with the team.
Walter B. Sorrells Cottage is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places, located in Arkansas, United States.
Xiaoice is a chatbot developed by Microsoft that was launched on May 29, 2014.
Iṭan is an archaeological site located in Salkhad District, Syria.
Michael Jakobs played for VfL Bochum, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mario Monticelli is a sportsman from Italy, who started his career on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 21 June 1996.
Gracehill is a village in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
Devinder Shory was a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election, which was part of the parliamentary group, and ran in the electoral district.
Strasburg Rail Road is a geographical feature located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Rockwood Township is a township in Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States.
The Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest is a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme, which started at an unknown time and has continued to the present day.
Felipe Félix played for S.C.U. Torreense, which started and ended at unknown times.
El Outaya District is a district located in Biskra Province, Algeria.
Richard Rodney Bennett was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score for his work. The nomination is for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Javier Mancini played for Uruguay Montevideo at the start and end of his career.
The Oaklyn Public School District is a school district in New Jersey, United States.
Juan Robledo played for Santiago Wanderers, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Federico Kammerichs played for Club Ourense Baloncesto, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gmina Jawornik Polski is a rural municipality in Poland, located in Przeworsk County.
Ayd Mill Road is a limited-access road in the United States, located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Government Polytechnic, Mumbai, India is an engineering school that was established in 1960.
Irakli Geperidze played for FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza joined Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Piotr Skrobowski was a member of the Poland national football team, which started and ended at some unspecified time.
Helmut Schlesinger was the director/manager of Deutsche Bundesbank from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ken Akamatsu won the Kodansha Manga Award for his work at some point in time.
Shpola Raion was a raion of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1923 to 1925.
Andrea Raggi played for the Italy national under-21 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Ibrahim Abdelhalim Masoud is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Al-Rayyan SC.
Franz Schleiff, given name Franz, is a human being who won the Imtiyaz Medal.
Wrightwood station (CTA) is adjacent to Diversey station, is connected to Diversey station, and is towards Diversey station.
The BDO World Trophy is a darts tournament organized by the British Darts Organisation.
The food Grant loaf, created by Doris Grant, is a type of bread.
Dani Ojeda played for Lorca FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Al Yasmina School is a school in the United Arab Emirates that was established in 2008.
Wildcat Mountain is a mountain located in Utah, United States.
Hali-Ela Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat in Sri Lanka, located in the Badulla District.
Emil Scheel is a member of Aarhus Gymnastikforening, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
165 University Avenue is a construction located in California, United States.
Vital Borkelmans played for K.A.A. Gent, started at an unknown time, and ended at an unknown time.
The Grey Friar's Abbey in Stockholm, Sweden was established on 17 January 1201 and is a monastery.
Steve Olfers played for PSV Eindhoven from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Nelson Branch is a river in Missouri, United States.
Poovam is a village in India, located in the Kannur district, Kerala.
Chief Leschi School is a school in the state of Washington, United States.
Igor Povalyayev played for FC Spartak Moscow, started with them, and finished with them.
The Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics is a research institute located in Beijing, China.
The German submarine U-409 was part of the 5th U-boat Flotilla, which started and ended at unknown times.
The 1987 Calder Cup playoffs were an ice hockey season in 1987.
The film Umbrage is a vampire film from the United Kingdom, originally in the English language.
Spessard Holland was a lawyer, started his career as a lawyer, and worked as a lawyer.
Thornton-le-Beans Chapel is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom, specifically a church.
Marco Antonio Palacios was a member of the Albinegros de Orizaba team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mikel Saizar played for Real Sociedad B, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The Royal Welch Fusiliers is a march song written by John Philip Sousa.
Edison Giménez played for Club Olimpia, he started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Charlie Mitten played for Independiente Santa Fe from start time to end time.
The Gone-Away World is one of the notable works written in English by Nick Harkaway, whose father was John le Carré.
Marcus Brown played for the Murray State Racers men's basketball team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Marathon des Dunes, in Algeria, is a sport of athletics. It was created in 2000.
Winkler Airport is an airport in Manitoba, Canada.
The Brownstown Bombers, from the United States, are an ice hockey team.
Nikolai Shumov, whose given name is Nikolai, is a human being who is a member of the Minsk Cycling Club (men's team).
The Davis Brothers Store, located in North Carolina, United States, is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Man with the Horn (song) was produced by Hugh Padgham and is signed to both Warner Music Group and Atlantic Records.
WOXD is a radio station in the United States, located in Oxford, Mississippi.
Adam Ismailov played for FC Dacia Chișinău from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
James Corden won the British Academy Television Award for Best Comedy Performance for his work at a certain point in time.
Paolo Suárez played for Deportivo Maldonado, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Marvin van der Pluijm played for NAC Breda from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
John Bannerman, Baron Bannerman of Kildonan, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started and ended on unknown dates.
The organization, New Schools Network, was founded in 2009 in London.
Alessandro Matri played for Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ghusian is a village in Bihar, India.
Zafar Ali Stadium is a stadium in Pakistan, located in Sahiwal.
Aleksandr Solop played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, his team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Saint James Windward Parish is a parish of Saint Kitts and Nevis, located in Nevis.
The SSETI Express Satellite had a significant event of a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Elsinboro Township School District is a school district in the United States, located in Elsinboro Township, New Jersey.
The Valour building is an office building in Ottawa, Canada.
D.B. Wilson Generating Station is a coal-fired power station located in Kentucky, United States.
Jack Newman (English cricketer) played for the England cricket team at the start and end.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos is a member of Al-Shamal SC. The start and end times are not specified.
Nicole Ohlde is a member of the Phoenix Mercury, and was part of the team from the start to the end.
Diana Ossana won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for her work.
Don Tobin played for the Canton Invaders. He started with the Canton Invaders and ended with the Canton Invaders.
A Letter for Evie stars Hume Cronyn and Marsha Hunt (actress, born 1917). It was produced by Cedric Gibbons.
The Rikuu West Line connects with the Uetsu Main Line of the Uetsu Main Line.
Luigi Pareyson was a citizen of Italy, who started working in Italy on 1 January 1908 and stopped working in Italy on 14 July 1975.
Stuckey's is a business established in 1937 in Eastman, Georgia.
Gabriel Christoni Leite was a member of Oeste Futebol Clube at some point, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Dunwich Forest is a nature reserve in the United Kingdom and is operated by the Suffolk Wildlife Trust.
The Grand Central Terminal was designed by Warren and Wetmore and opened on February 2, 1913. It is located at the intersection of Harlem 125th Street and is adjacent to the Harlem-125th Street station.
The Wheeling Stogies, a baseball team, are from the United States.
Karampon is a human settlement in Sri Lanka, located in the Jaffna District.
Nanukalan is a village in Haryana, India.
The mountain T'uquyuq is part of the Cordillera Negra in Peru.
The Stockholm Palace, part of the Crown Palaces in Sweden, is included in this list.
The book Report from Practically Nowhere was written by John Sack and originates from the United States.
Katarina Hultling has been in a relationship with Albert Svanberg. She is married to Claes Sjöberg. She speaks Swedish.
The T.J. Walker Historic District is a historic district in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Peter Breuer worked in Berlin from 1902 to 1907.
Ezio Meneghello played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Romain Cabannes was a member of the Biarritz Olympique, he started his tenure there and he ended his tenure there.
The Hill House School was established in 1951, located in Knightsbridge, and was actually founded on 27 March 1958.
Phillip Hughes was a member of the Australia national cricket team. His time with the team started at some point and ended at some other point.
Tymal Mills played for the Auckland cricket team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Attila Kun played for FC UTA Arad. His time with FC UTA Arad started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Oleg Sergeyev played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk, which started and ended at unknown times.
Juriy Cannarsa played for S.S. Arezzo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jayme Stone won the Juno Award for World Music Album of the Year on two separate occasions.
Michel Hazanavicius won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director for his work.
Sergei Alexeyev was born in Oryol, which is located in Oryol, a country.
Nikolai Latysh was a member of FC Spartak Moscow, started with FC Spartak Moscow, and finished with FC Spartak Moscow.
Antonio Di Gaudio, whose given name is Antonio, is a human being who plays for Carpi F.C. 1909.
When Hell Was in Session is a book written by Jeremiah Denton, published in 1976.
Cabo Gracias a Dios is a landform in Honduras, located in the Caribbean Sea.
Eskatul is a human settlement in Zebak District, Afghanistan.
Volodymyr Yezerskiy played for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Western Metropolitan Region is an Electoral region of Victoria in Australia.
The Old School Museum is a school located in New South Wales, Australia.
Chervyen District is located in the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic and its capital is Chervyen. Its borders are Barysaw District.
James Debbah played for OGC Nice, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Otto Suhr was the head of government of Berlin from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
TEDA Holding was founded in December 1984 in Tianjin and is a business.
Vallikkunnu is a constituency of the Kerala Legislative Assembly in India.
The Kosmos 2446 had a rocket launch as a significant event, which occurred at a specific point in time and location.
David de la Fuente was a member of Vini Caldirola from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Adedayo Adebayo played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on [no specific start time available] and ended it on [no specific end time available].
Mick Cronin (rugby league) played for the Parramatta Eels, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Woodroffe Avenue is a road in Ottawa, Canada.
Dalola Union Council is a Union Council in Abbottabad District, Pakistan.
The Wight Seaplane is a floatplane from the United Kingdom, manufactured by J. Samuel White.
Filipe Duarte played for S.L. Benfica B, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Texas Hurricanes are a sports team from the United States, which competes in American football.
Giovanni Battista Tassara was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Howick Farmhouse, Itton is a Grade II* listed building or structure in the United Kingdom, and it is an example of a farmhouse.
Industrial Promotion Services is a business established in 1963 in Nairobi.
Mohamed Zidan is a member of Baniyas Club, he started playing for Baniyas Club and stopped playing for Baniyas Club.
Aberllefenni is a village in Gwynedd, United Kingdom.
Douglas Packer played for Treze Futebol Clube from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ash McGregor is a citizen of New Zealand. He played for the New Zealand national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Igor Stravinsky won the Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance at some point in time.
Pineapple Smash Crew is a game developed by RichMakeGame and distributed by Valve Corporation, available through digital distribution.
Kendrick Lamar is the performer and the lyrics writer of the song "Loyalty", which was followed by "New Freezer".
Gooderham / Pencil Lake Water Aerodrome is an airport in Ontario, Canada.
Grundtvig International Secondary School, Nigeria, was established in 1998 and is a school.
The Devil and Daniel Webster, written in English, won the O. Henry Award and was published by Farrar & Rinehart.
Giovanni Lopez played for S.S. Lazio from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alena Amialiusik is a member of the sports team Bepink. The start time and end time for Bepink is not specified.
Port Eads is an unincorporated community in Louisiana, United States.
The Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers is an educational institution in the United States that was established in 1976.
Fabio Celestini played for Levante UD. The start time of his stint with Levante UD is unknown, as is the end time.
Joe Partridge played for the South Africa national cricket team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Miguel Mostto played for the Peru national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Donaldo González played for the Panama national football team.
Line 1 Yonge-University is connected to College station which is in Toronto. The station was opened on 30 March 1954 and is adjacent to Dundas station.
Marco Freitas played for F.C. Felgueiras, started at an unknown time, and ended at an unknown time.
McGrew is a ghost town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
Davy Fitzgerald played for Sixmilebridge GAA, which started and ended at unknown times.
Leonardo Spinazzola is a member of A.C. Perugia Calcio, joined in an acquisition transaction, and started playing for the team.
Kennedy Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in Canada, located in the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District.
Chappell & Co Ltd v Nestle Co Ltd is a legal case from the United Kingdom, which was heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Severino Lojodice was a member of A.S. Roma from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bonnyville Beach is a human settlement in Alberta, Canada.
Andrea Guerra ( footballer ) was a member of S.S.D. Palermo at some point in time, starting and ending at unknown times.
Jack Atlas, who was educated at both Tufts University and University of Illinois at Urbana -- Champaign, is a Jack.
R.P. Singh played for the Uttar Pradesh cricket team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The EMC E4 is made by Electro-Motive Diesel. The start time and end time of the EMC E4 are not specified.
Colyers is an area of London, located in the London Borough of Bexley, in the United Kingdom.
Slovenia was a nation at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014.
Holworthy Hall is a dormitory located in Massachusetts, United States.
The 2018 Wexford Senior Hurling Championship is a championship in the Republic of Ireland that features hurling.
Roberto Rojas was a member of the Chile national football team, which started and ended at some unknown times.
Luis Alberto Perea played for FC Dallas from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Face Rock State Scenic Viewpoint is an Oregon state park in the United States.
Vlade Lazarevski played for Polonia Warsaw, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Alex Basso is a member of the Real Santa Barbara team, whose involvement started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Alberto Rivera Pizarro played for Levante UD. He started playing for Levante UD at an unspecified time and stopped playing for Levante UD at an unspecified time.
Dino Fava played for Varese Calcio, where he started and ended his career.
Ferdinand Keller (footballer) played for the Germany national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The SS City of Milwaukee was operated by the Grand Trunk Milwaukee Car Ferry Company, which started and ended its operation on unknown dates.
Gianluca Litteri played for Cosenza Calcio, his time with the team ended, and he was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
Alberto Marcos Rey was a member of Real Madrid Castilla at some point in time, and his time with the team began and ended at unknown dates.
Pachim Samaria is a village in Kamrup district, India.
Oatlands Railway is a track in Tasmania, Australia.
Marengo Wind Farm is a wind farm in Washington state, United States.
Tony Allin played for Devon County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Barfield (company) is a business established in 1945 in Miami.
Jankowy is a village in Poland, located in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, Gmina Baranów.
Jacob Dehn Andersen played for Randers FC at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Palung Mainadi is a Village development committee in Palpa District, Nepal.
Umed Alidodov is a member of the Hima Dushanbe sports team, with start and end times unknown.
Marius Radu (footballer) was a member of the FC Sopron team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Roger Marche is a member of the Stade de Reims team. The exact start and end times of his association with the team are not specified.
Gökçek Vederson is a member of Esporte Clube Juventude. He started playing for Esporte Clube Juventude at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Santi Chaiyaphuak played for Tampines Rovers FC, started at an unknown time, and ended at an unknown time.
Tallinna Hipodroom, a sports venue in Estonia, was established on 01 January 1923.
Time Team (series 5) has episodes and John Gater is a cast member.
Kang Sheng was the Chairman of the Communist Party of China, beginning at an unspecified time and continuing until an unspecified end time.
Spring Hill is a Census-designated place in Hernando County, Florida, United States.
Zuhaitz Gurrutxaga played for Algeciras CF from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Porter Square is a neighborhood in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Mavelikara (Lok Sabha constituency) is a Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala, India.
Tower Hill State Game Reserve is located in Victoria, Australia and has been listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The North Bay Police Service in Canada is a law enforcement agency that was established on 01 January 1882.
Giovanni Gallina played for the Italy national football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Mario Meneghetti played for the Italy national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
USA Water Polo was founded on 01 January 1978 in the United States. It is a water polo sport.
The Te Kooti Trail is from New Zealand and was originally shown in English. The director of photography for The Te Kooti Trail is Rudall Hayward.
FC Dinamo Gagra is an association football club from Georgia (country) that plays association football.
Shenington is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Shenington with Alkerton.
Horst Fleps played for the Chicago Shoccers from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The True North is in the English language, originally in the English language, and was composed by Ricky Hyslop.
Erik Lamela is a member of A.S. Roma, but the start and end time of his membership is unknown.
Meiuste is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Estonia.
Trondos is a business established in 1970 in Trondheim.
Artesia station is connected to the Blue Line of the Los Angeles Metro. It was opened on July 14, 1990. It is located adjacent to Compton station.
Lea Nudelman is a human who plays chess, and her country of origin for this sport is Israel.
Alyaksandr Tsishkevich played for FC Slavia Mozyr, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
George Ritchie (born 1909), whose given name is George, is a human being who played for the Scotland national rugby union team.
Graham T. Allison graduated from Harvard University with an academic degree.
Mohsen Labidi played for the Tunisia national football team at some point, and this involvement had a start time and an end time.
Brad Shaw, a human, played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals.
The Evan Anthem is a rock and pop band from the United States that was formed in 2003.
Papa Malick Ba played for FC Basel, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Meadow Brook Hall is a National Historic Landmark located in Michigan, United States.
Hans Kosterlitz received the Harvey Prize. The Harvey Prize is awarded to a citizen of which country? The Harvey Prize was awarded to Hans Kosterlitz at a certain point in time.
Nicola Bellomo (footballer) was a member of the Italy national under-21 football B team, which started and ended at some point in time.
The Deadman's Cay Airport, an airport, is located on Long Island, Bahamas, in The Bahamas.
Dinny Lowry played for the Republic of Ireland national football team, which began on 12 November 1924 and ended on 16 October 1931.
Derek Spence played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, he began his career with Hong Kong Rangers FC and finished his career with Hong Kong Rangers FC.
The Kaunisvaara mine is a mine in Sweden that produces iron ore.
Aleksandre Gogoberishvili was a member of the sports team FC Merani Tbilisi, he started playing for FC Merani Tbilisi and his career with FC Merani Tbilisi ended.
Tamastirth is a village in India, located in the Ratnagiri district.
Celso Posio played for Brescia Calcio, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Shaki District is in Azerbaijan, which ended in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic and began in Azerbaijan.
Emmy Murphy graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno with a degree.
Aupee Karim, a Bengali speaker, graduated from the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology.
Luis Fernando Centi played for A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909 from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Shopska salad, which has tomato as one of its ingredients, originates from Bulgaria.
David Hannah is a member of the Fylkir team, which starts at an unknown time and ends at an unknown time.
Iucundiana is a titular see in Algeria that was established in 1933.
The Dark Knight won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain. It was the winner of the award.
The book "Dhammapada ( Easwaran translation )" was written by Eknath Easwaran and published in 1986.
The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources is a government agency located in Salt Lake City, United States.
The Mountainaire Hotel Historic District, located in Arkansas, United States, is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gunma 4th district is a district of the House of Representatives of Japan, located in Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
Masatoshi Akimoto was a candidate in the 2014 Japanese general election, representing an electoral district.
Fyodor Smolov played for FC Krasnodar from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Qizil Ulduz Medal, which is a medal from Azerbaijan, was established on 25 March 1992.
Robert Kemp Philp is the author of Enquire Within upon Everything, a book in English.
Sakurai Station (Nara) is adjacent to Yamato-Asakura Station, which is connected to Sakurai Station (Nara). Sakurai Station (Nara) is towards Yamato-Asakura Station.
William St Clair Grant was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started and ended on unknown dates.
Glazert Water is a river located in East Dunbartonshire, United Kingdom.
Haddon is a town in the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa.
Wentbridge is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Darrington, West Yorkshire.
Manchirevula is a village in Telangana, India.
Robert Wedgeworth worked for the American Library Association, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Green Lake Aerodrome is an airport in British Columbia, Canada.
Andrei Frascarelli played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Raphael Botti played for Figueirense FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Hannes Anier played for Odense Boldklub. He started with the club on an unknown date and left the club on an unknown date.
Urbia Meléndez is a human being who participated in Taekwondo at the 2000 Summer Olympics - Women's 49 kg, which is a Taekwondo event.
Magumeri is a district in Borno State, Nigeria.
Jérémy Mathieu played for the France national football B team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Seven Springs is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Terry Goode, whose given name is Terry, is a human being who plays for Kettering Town F.C.
José Roberto de Oliveira is a member of the Kashiwa Reysol team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Mahala Gomionica is a human settlement in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Hakim Malek played for FC Martigues, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Tsvetan Veselinov played for the Bulgaria national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Hall of Game Awards is an award in the United States that was established in 2011.
Blackpool Cricket Club, from the United Kingdom, is a cricket team.
Bauneg Beg Mountain is a mountain located in Maine, United States.
Kjell Moe was born in Fredrikstad. He started playing for Fredrikstad FK and later ended his time with the team.
The 1999 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Lu Bofei played for the China national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Anil Kapoor won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his work.
The RiverBrink Art Museum is an art museum located in Queenston, Canada.
Alfred Bickel was a member of the Switzerland national football team, starting and ending at an unspecified time.
Aveion Cason is a human being who plays as a running back for the Los Angeles Rams.
The Broad View Ranch Historic District is located in Iowa, United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Savanna Samson won the AVN Award for Best Actress at some point in time, and also at some point in time.
Glauber Rodrigues da Silva played for Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ilampokhari is a Village Development Committee in Nepal, located in Lamjung District.
Michael Lett, whose given name is Michael, is a human being who plays for the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Gary Dillon played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 1977 to 1982.
Sergio Peter played for AC Sparta Prague, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Anson County Schools is a school district in North Carolina, United States.
Nigalchula is a Village Development Committee in Salyan District, Nepal.
San Juan Bautista lo de Soto is a municipality in Oaxaca, Mexico.
Torbothie is a village in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom.
Johnny Moore ( soccer ) was a member of the Kansas City Comets team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Abberley Hall School is a boarding school located in Worcester, which was founded on 01 January 1921.
Paulinowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity Gmina Nasielsk.
Marotandrano is a commune in Madagascar, located in the Mandritsara District.
WLIQ is a radio station located in Quincy, Illinois, United States.
Tibor Szabó, a footballer born in 1977, played for FC Volgar Astrakhan, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Samba Gold award, an award for association football, was established in 2008.
Angelo Vaccaro played for the Stuttgarter Kickers. He started with the Stuttgarter Kickers and finished with the Stuttgarter Kickers.
Brightons is a village in the United Kingdom, located in Falkirk Council.
Herring Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in Canada, located in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.
Pasanauri is a human settlement in Georgia, located in Dusheti Municipality.
The LMS Ivatt Class 2 2-6-0, designed by George Ivatt, was manufactured at Crewe Works. Its wheel arrangement is 2-6-0.
The 1980 ECAC North Men's Basketball Tournament was a basketball event held in January 1980 as part of the 1980 sports season.
Anchal is a human settlement in Kollam district, India.
Ivan Starkov played for FC Titan Klin from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Yanko Georgiev was a member of PFC Naftex Burgas, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The song 'A Chance' was written in the United States and was followed by That's Why I'm Here. The song is the sequel to 'She's Got It All'.
John Terborgh is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and works in the field of conservation biology. He is employed at Duke University.
The Rozabal Line is written in English and published by Lulu.com. The book is set in India.
Murray Creed was a member of the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board, but the exact start and end times of his membership are unknown.
JoAnne Stubbe received the Welch Award in Chemistry at some point in time, and it was related to her affiliation.
Greenmount Homestead is located in Queensland, Australia and is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Anush Mahalleh is a village in Gilan Province, Iran.
Captiva is a Census-designated place in Lee County, Florida, United States.
Jukal is a village in Telangana, India.
Ithihasa, a fantasy film from India, is in Malayalam.
Juan Carlos Rojo, whose given name is Juan Carlos, is a human being who plays for Palamós CF.
Yue Station is connected to the Nagasaki Main Line. It was opened on 24 March 1934 and is adjacent to Oe Station.
The Selkirk Fishermen, a Canadian ice hockey team, play ice hockey.
Rooksbury Mill is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom and is an example of a mill (grinding).
Lilian Cole is a member of the Nigeria women's national football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
German submarine U-1223 was part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla. It started and ended with the 2nd U-boat Flotilla.
Hunter Morris is a member of the Salt River Rafters, which starts at some unknown time and ends at some unknown time.
Gerard van Swieten earned a Doctorate. His doctoral advisor was Herman Boerhaave. He was a member of the Royal Society.
La Paloma is a human settlement in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Luigi Traglia was a citizen of Italy, where he started working on 19 January 1946 and ended his career on 28 November 1993.
Rinar Valeyev played for FC Dacia Chișinău from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Skye of Curr is a human settlement in the United Kingdom, located in the Highland council area.
José Carlos de Almeida played for the Brazil national football team.
Marc Moss, who is known by the given name Marc, attended Columbia University School of the Arts.
Sultanbekovo is a hamlet in Russia, located in or next to the Sars River.
Kilmogue Portal Tomb is a portal tomb located in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.
Matthew Marks Gallery is an art gallery in Manhattan, United States.
Vasil Bozhikov started playing for OFC Gigant Saedinenie and finished playing for OFC Gigant Saedinenie.
Ben Zemanski was a member of Chivas USA from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Los Gatos Salvajes (band) is a rock and pop band from Argentina. Their musical genre is Beat music.
Carlos Galván played for Racing Club de Avellaneda, joining on an unknown start date and leaving on an unknown end date.
Takuya Sugiyama played for FC Gifu, but the start and end dates of his tenure with the team are unknown.
Aston is a village in Wem Rural, Shropshire, United Kingdom.
Tarpon Springs Depot is a train station in Tarpon Springs, Florida, United States.
Keene Township is a township in Ionia County, Michigan, United States.
Margaret Leech won the Pulitzer Prize for History at some point in time and again at another point in time.
Deylaman District is a bakhsh in Iran, located in Siahkal County.
Keiju Karashima was a member of Kyoto Sanga FC. He started playing for Kyoto Sanga FC and ended his stint with the team.
José Luis Vegar played for SD Huesca from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Dina Nagar Assembly Constituency is a constituency of the Punjab Legislative Assembly in India, located in the state of Punjab, India.
Ekaterina Knebeleva was a member of the Al'Asayl Cycling Team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Anna Min is a Korean American. She attended South High School in Minneapolis.
Julien Bailleul played for R.A.E.C. Mons, which started and ended at some point in time.
Nelson Stepanyan was awarded the Order of Lenin on two unknown dates.
Adamo Rossi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1867 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Basirhat Dakshin is a constituency of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly, located in Basirhat Lok Sabha constituency, India.
Caroline Dormon lives in Natchitoches, Louisiana and is a member of the Society of American Foresters. She uses her profession as a human being.
Hetoa Kaio is a citizen of Tuvalu and played for the Tuvalu national football team, which started sometime and ended sometime.
Andrea Seastrand graduated from DePaul University with a degree in an unspecified field at an unspecified time.
The 1927 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team was an American football team that played in the 1927 season.
Josef Adelbrecht played for Floridsdorfer AC, with a start time and an end time.
The Glacier Park Company is a hotel group based in the United States. The company's parent organization is the Great Northern Railway.
Limburgse Handbal Dagen is a handball tournament in the Netherlands.
The Young Ladies Radio League, an organization from the United States, was established in 1939.
Afshin Hajipour is a midfielder who plays for Esteghlal F.C. and is a human being.
Samadagha Shikhlarov played for the Soviet Union national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Dilbar Abdurahmonova was born in Moscow, which is located in Moscow, a country.
Paul Scurti played for the San Diego Jaws from the start time to the end time.
The Scott Statue is a sculpture of Robert Falcon Scott from New Zealand.
The 2010 Tipperary senior hurling team season was a hurling season in 2010.
Wat Tham Khao Wong is a temple in Ban Rai, Thailand.
Linda B. Buck was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. The award was given at a point in time, and she received it together with someone else.
Émile Mbouh played for Sport Benfica e Castelo Branco, and his involvement with the team started and ended at some point in time.
Zalbki is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Dywity.
You Were Never Lovelier was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing and was a nominee for the award, the subject of which is the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Texas State Highway Spur 341 is a road in the United States that was established in 1960.
Peter Burge ( rugby ), whose given name is Peter, is a human being who played for the New South Wales Waratahs.
KXTO is a radio station in Nevada, United States.
Keiichi Misawa played for Vissel Kobe, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Yan Vorogovskiy is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the Kazakhstan national under-21 football team.
The German language film Agathe kann's nicht lassen was produced by Degeto Film. The musical score for the film is by Otto M. Schwarz.
Gustavo Savoia played for Club Olimpo from the start until the end.
Idir Ouali played for Le Mans FC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Erich Brabec played for FC Aarau, started his time there, and finished his time there.
Wayne County in Michigan is different from Wayne County in North Carolina and Wayne County in Utah. Wayne County in Michigan owns Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
Eladio Silvestre played for FC Barcelona B, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Auas Mountains, a mountain range, are located in Namibia, with Moltkeblick as its highest point.
Erbim Fagu was a member of KF Elbasani, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Andrey Kazaryn is a member of the FC Smorgon team. He started with the team and ended his time with the team.
Matthias Breitkreutz played for Berliner FC Dynamo, he started and he ended.
Robbie Haemhouts played for Almere City FC at some point in time.
Leopold Neubauer competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and was a member of the Vienna Sportclub. He was also a human being.
Hillhouse Opera Company is a rock and pop band from the United States, which was founded in 2008.
Kingbright is a business established in 1980 in Taipei.
Street Food Around the World is an English language TV series that originates from Israel.
Alvik metro station is adjacent to Kristineberg metro station, is on the same line as Kristineberg metro station, and is in the direction of Kristineberg metro station.
For Every Curse is an album performed by Daniel Bashta and was released in 2015.
The Kensington Plantation House is a building in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Comb Wash is a creek in San Juan County, Utah, United States.
Davide Capello played for Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gulfsat is a business established in 1995 in Kuwait City.
Julien Cools played for K.V.C. Westerlo, with an unspecified start time and end time.
The Farmington School District is a school district in Arkansas, United States.
Eduardo Ferreira played for the Equatorial Guinea national football team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Phoney Photos is a film in the public domain. It originates from the United States and was produced by Henry Lehrman.
Catullus 49 is a poem written in Latin by Catullus.
Debden tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station. Debden tube station is on the same line as Loughton tube station. Debden tube station is towards Loughton tube station.
Mezo Basa is a village in Nagaland, India.
The Armor Modeling and Preservation Society is an organization in the United States that was established in July 1993.
Alessandro Tulli played for Piacenza Calcio 1919, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Deedarganj railway station is adjacent to Patna Sahib railway station, connecting the two stations, and is in the direction of Patna Sahib railway station.
Abdelaziz Kamara played for AS Saint-Étienne from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alexei Beletski's spouse is Natalia Gudina. They compete in ice dance together.
Dobrnje is a human settlement in Petrovac, Serbia.
Ardmore City Schools is a school district located in Oklahoma, United States.
John Brass played for the Australia national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Tom Dewdney played for the West Indies cricket team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Dugauli Khurd is a village in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Massamba Sambou is from Senegal and played for the Senegal national football team at some point.
Paul Coppo is a human being whose given name is Paul (given name) and plays Ice hockey.
The 1888 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship is a championship in the Republic of Ireland that features hurling.
François Bellugou played for Montpellier HSC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Vasily Zhurnevich played for FC Lida from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Hurley River is a river in British Columbia, Canada.
Gerardo Berodia played for SD Ponferradina, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The 1st Valley Bank was founded in 1956 in Baroy, Lanao del Norte and is a business.
Lake Nash Station is a station in the Northern Territory, Australia.
The Soyuz TM-7 had a significant event of landing. The landing of Soyuz TM-7 occurred at a location. The landing of Soyuz TM-7 occurred at a point in time.
Gorji Bayan is a village in Iran, located in Kermanshah Province.
The Knox County Courthouse in Rockland, Maine is a Courthouse in the United States.
Jenny Owens (cricketer) was a member of the Australia national cricket team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Srirangam marriage hall fire is a structure fire that occurred in Srirangam, India.
Willie Miller ( footballer, born 1924 ) played for the Scottish Football League XI from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Honda XRE300, a motorcycle model manufactured by Honda, follows the Honda XR250R and XR250L.
The song "Got Love" by WSTRN is a song and was released on 2 December 2015.
Mazhnabad is a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Mounir Diane played for R.A.E.C. Mons, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Mark Watts played for Wiltshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Charlie Goodrum, whose given name is Charlie, is a human being who played for the Minnesota Vikings.
Roxborough-Manayunk is a neighborhood in Philadelphia, United States.
FundAmerica is a business established in 1987 in New York (state).
Juliano Spadacio was a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. He started and ended his time with the team.
Laurence Abrams, whose given name is Laurence, is a human being who plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Pascal Renier played for S.V. Zulte Waregem from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kihachi Okamoto won the Japan Academy Film Prize for Director of the Year for his work.
Meharama is a Community development block in Jharkhand, India.
Franck Tanasi was a member of AS Poissy, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Udaipur Solar Observatory is a solar observatory in Udaipur, India.
The Golden Bagel Award, an award for tennis, was established in 2004.
Juniata Township is a Township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Millennium Master, a subclass of aircraft, first flew on 27 May 2006 and is from Italy.
Ivan Bagramyan was awarded the Gold Star on an unknown point in time, and also on another unknown point in time.
Maurice Dubofsky, whose given name is Maurice, is a human being who played for the New York Giants.
The Anuradhapura Museum is a museum in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.
Veshab is a human settlement in Sughd Region, Tajikistan.
Erastus Brainerd is the human name and graduated from Harvard University.
Louis Peter Boitard worked in Paris, starting in an unknown time and ending in an unknown time.
Nielsen Park is a park in New South Wales, Australia.
The University of Chicago Oriental Institute was founded by James Henry Breasted and the building was opened in 1919.
The Lake June station is connected to the Green Line of the Dallas Area Rapid Transit. It was opened on December 6, 2010 and is located adjacent to Buckner station.
Fort Berens is a ghost town in Canada that was established on 01 January 1859.
Liam Killeen, whose given name is Liam, competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games in the sport of Mountain biking.
Patrick Falk played for Eintracht Frankfurt from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Nightcore is a music genre that originated in Norway, established in 2002.
The song 'Hound Dog' was performed by Big Mama Thornton, released in 1952, and the statement about Big Mama Thornton is a subject of the song 'Hound Dog'.
John Chamberlain, a sculptor, is a member of the Abstract expressionism movement and has a given name of John. He has works in the collection of Tate.
Philippe Fargeon played for AJ Auxerre, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Bolshoy Krasnokholmsky Bridge, a deck arch bridge made of concrete, is in Russia.
Tamás Nagy ( footballer, born 1976 ) played for B36 Tórshavn, with an unknown start time and end time.
Olivier Blondel played for FC Rouen, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The 2007 Ryedale District Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Galen Young played for the Grand Rapids Hoops from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Aleksandr Khlebnikov played for FC Lukhovitsy from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Martien Houtkooper was a member of the Netherlands national football team, starting and ending his tenure at an unspecified time.
The album Our Biggest Thing Ever was performed by Last Child and was released in 2012.
Pietro Sassi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Alan Carlet played for Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Marllon Borges is a member of the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Charles Watts, who played for Essex County Cricket Club, started his career in 1905 and ended it at an unknown time.
Juabeso District is a district in Ghana, located in the Western Region of Ghana.
Claude-Louis Mathieu was awarded the Lalande Prize.
Graham James served as the Bishop of Norwich. His tenure as Bishop of Norwich began at an unspecified time and he replaced a previous bishop in the position.
The New Haven Eagles, an ice hockey team from the United States, play ice hockey.
Closed Chambers is a book written by Edward Lazarus, published in 1998.
Oleksandr Andriyevskyi was a member of the Ukraine national under-17 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Sylvain Wiltord played for FC Girondins de Bordeaux from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alessandro Faria played for the El Paso Patriots. He started with the El Paso Patriots and ended with the El Paso Patriots.
Niel Morgan was a member of Glamorgan County Cricket Club, starting and ending his tenure at unknown times.
John Charles Wester served as Diocesan bishop of a diocese, replacing another bishop.
James Lawrie played for the Northern Ireland national football B team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Rainer Bieli played for FC Concordia Basel, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Joystick Labs is a video game industry business headquartered in Durham, North Carolina.
The Chicago Journal of International Law is in the English language, it is a law review, and it is published by the University of Chicago Law School.
The film Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain.
Satyajit Ray received the Padma Vibhushan, which is an award, at some point in time, in the field of work.
Sergei Gazdanov played for PFC CSKA Moscow, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Serhiy Zakarlyuka played for FC Vorskla Poltava, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Globcal International was founded on 09 May 2009 in Belmopan and is an organization.
Manfred Pamminger was a member of the SC Rheindorf Altach team which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
O2 Czech Republic was founded in Prague, Czech Republic.
Irakli Chezhiya played for FC Arsenal-2 Tula from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Martin City is a Census-designated place located in Flathead County, Montana, United States.
Karl Wiesenburg, whose name is Carl, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is an advocate for human rights.
Jay Witasick is relative to Paloma. He played for the San Francisco Giants and the Colorado Rockies.
Kathryn Bertine was a member of the BMW p/b Happy Tooth Dental team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Roland Petersen, given name Roland, is a human being who was awarded a Fulbright Program.
Wemtinga is a human settlement in Kombissiri Department, Burkina Faso.
SPiDCOM is a business established in 2002 in Paris.
Félicité Hamidouche was a member of INF Clairefontaine from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Francisco Assis dos Santos, whose given name is Francisco, is a human being who plays for Sociedade Esportiva do Gama.
Dida Forest is in Burkina Faso and is a protected area under the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
Central Park in Louisville is a park located in Kentucky, United States.
Tafetachte is a rural commune in Essaouira Province, Morocco.
Longxan District is a district in Xaisomboun Province, Laos, and is one of the districts of Laos.
Missy Elliott won the Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance at some point in time.
Mugaiyur is a village in Tamil Nadu, India.
The List of Cleveland sports teams is a list of Sports team, and it is an instance of Wikimedia list article, located in the United States.
The bronze sculpture of Square Forms and Circles was created by Barbara Hepworth in 1963.
Emil Gargorov played for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Susan N. Herman held the position of Chairperson, which started with 'of'.
Schaper Toys is a business established in 1949 in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
Morihiko Hiramatsu is a human being who speaks Japanese and was awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
Ashti is a human-geographic territorial entity in Gadchiroli district, India.
The 2012 Wyre Forest District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Gomnes is an urban settlement in Norway, located in Hole.
Sarai Alamgir is a human settlement in Gujrat District, Pakistan.
André Cruz played for the Brazil national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Italo Alaimo was a citizen of Italy, he started working in Italy on 20 January 1923 and stopped on 23 September 1969.
Katavadi is a village in India, located in the Pune district.
The LSWR C14 class was manufactured by Nine Elms Locomotive Works from 1881 to 1884.
Duppelli is a village in Valigonda, India.
Pedro Duhart played for the France national football team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Costa Christo Kapothanasis, a human being, plays as a pitcher.
Erasmus Reinhold worked in Wittenberg from 1514 to 1522.
Johnny Menyongar played for the Minnesota Thunder from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Senin Sebai was a member of FC Saxan from the start until the end.
Stavrovouni Monastery is a monastery located in Cyprus, and is also a mountain.
Charm City Roller Girls is a roller derby league in the United States that was established in 2005.
Antonio Banfi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 July 1875 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Nicky Kuiper played for SBV Vitesse, with an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Vladimir Arsenyev was a member of the Russian Empire, which began in 1721 and ended in 1917.
The Bloom Site is an archaeological site in the United States and is a National Historic Landmark.
North Shore is a neighbourhood in Pittsburgh, United States.
Sergey Grishin, a footballer born in 1973, played for the Russia national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Namdarpura is a village in India, located in the Bhopal district.
Consuelo Field is an airstrip in Consuelo, Dominican Republic.
Emmanuel Aznar scored a goal in the 1943 Coupe de France Final. Emmanuel Aznar is a member of the sports team.
Six Corners / Maple Heights is a historic district in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Gujanatti is a village in India, located in the Gokak taluk.
The Department of Education (Tasmania) is a government agency located in Hobart, Australia.
The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter is a work of horror literature published by Chaosium and illustrated by Dave Carson.
The Hounds of Tindalos is a horror literature book published by Arkham House in the English language.
Hennadiy Zhylkin played for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk at some point in time and also at some other point in time.
Felix Events Center is a sports venue located in California, United States.
Yuuyami Doori Tankentai is a video game from Japan for the PlayStation.
The Municipal Art Gallery of Ioannina in Greece is a museum that was established on 01 January 1960.
Ken Hough played for the New Zealand national cricket team, starting and ending his career on unknown dates.
John Stockton played for the Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team from the start time to the end time.
Brent Spence was a lawyer who started practicing law.
Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, has the capital city of Eau Claire and is bordered by Pepin County, Wisconsin.
The Tirebolu mine is located in Turkey and produces copper.
Naiara Ves plays for Levante UD Femenino, which started with her and ended with her.
Andrew Jean-Baptiste played for the Portland Timbers, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Pancoast Creek is a natural watercourse located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Whites Landing is a Census-designated place in Ohio, United States.
The Shire of Taroom is a local government area in Queensland, Australia.
Blue Bells Model School, India, is a school that was established in 1980.
Phillip Kellam is a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and his given name is Phillip. He speaks English.
Coll de Balaguer, a mountain pass in Spain, is in the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
Pio Chiaruttini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Fodil Hadjadj played for ASO Chlef from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Samuelsons are a Swedish country music band.
Emerson Nunes is a human being. He is from Brazil and plays for Ipatinga Esporte Clube.
Mamma Haidara Commemorative Library is located in Mali and is a member of the World Digital Library.
Yiannis Papadopoulos played for KS Cracovia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gert Günther Hoffmann is the voice actor for The Paradise Syndrome, in which he plays a character role, and the name of the work or series is also in German.
Panama City is the capital of Bay County, Florida, and is located within Bay County. Panama City is also located in Florida. Bay County shares a border with Walton County, Florida.
Nejc Plesec played for NK Celje from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Myale is a human settlement in Myanmar, located in Bhamo District.
The organization, Global Water Partnership, was founded in 1996 in Stockholm.
Turku Student Village West is a residential area in Turku, Finland.
Sergio Rosas played for Lobos BUAP, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Casey McGehee, a human being, has played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and the San Francisco Giants.
Alyaksandr Chayka is a member of PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara. He started playing for PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara and stopped playing for PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara.
Paddy Roche played for F.C. Halifax Town, starting and finishing at unknown times.
Thomas Rundqvist played in the National Hockey League from 1983 to 1992.
Anosy Tsararafa is a commune in the Farafangana District of Madagascar.
Calgary-Nose Creek was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada. It was abolished in 2004.
Gros Morne Golf Resort is a golf course in Canada, specifically for the sport of golf.
Carbacid Investments is a business established in Nairobi in 1961.
Matej Rakovan was a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Tampa Bay Rowdies played in the USSF Division 2 Professional League, the start time is not specified and the end time is not specified.
The German submarine U-680 was part of the 31st U-boat Flotilla. It started with the 31st U-boat Flotilla and ended with the 31st U-boat Flotilla.
GLSEN founded Ally Week, an awareness week, in October 2005.
Bruce Hunter (rugby union) played for the New Zealand national rugby union team from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
The album \"A Low Down Dirty Shame\" was released on November 8, 1994 and was released by Jive Records.
Taylor Rochestie played for the Anhui Dragons, whose season started and ended at unknown times.
Amiret El Hojjaj is a municipality in Monastir Governorate, Tunisia.
Aberdeen railway station in New South Wales is connected to the Hunter Line. The station was opened on 20 October 1870 and is adjacent to Muswellbrook railway station.
The Perm Academic Theatre is located in Perm, which it started in and continues to operate in.
Giuseppe Santelli was a citizen of Italy, where he began his career on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 18 June 1946.
Vullnet Basha is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Sion.
The 2014 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Leonid Khankevich played for FC Dnyapro Mogilev from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Arturo Navarro played for CD Guijuelo, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Alloway Creek, which is a river in the United States, flows into the Delaware River.
The Pedestrian Bridge over the Segre River, which is a footbridge, is in Spain.
Memory Lost is a Television show from China, in the Chinese language.
Efrain Chacurian played for Brooklyn Hispano from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 19 June 1857 law is a French Statute which comes under the jurisdiction of France.
Rafael Forster played for Sport Club Internacional, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Inveralmond Community High School is a secondary school located in West Lothian, United Kingdom.
Garr Bain District is a district located in Nimba County, Liberia, and is one of the districts of Liberia.
Giorgio Morini played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Manyata Embassy Business Park is a business established in 2001 in Bangalore.
Alberto Delgado (Cuban footballer) played for the Puerto Rico Islanders at some point in time, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mauricio Segovia played for the Puerto Rico Islanders. The start and end times are not specified.
Lisa Sari played for the Los Angeles Sol, which started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Justin Timberlake won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction.
Eric Oscroft played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Stockton Cricket Club, a cricket team from the United Kingdom, plays the sport of Cricket.
Metz Township is a township in Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.
The 2009 Castleford Tigers season was a sports season of a sports club in Spain in 2009.
Evan Lee played for the Richmond Kickers, he began his career in an unknown start time and finished his career in an unknown end time.
The Peninsula Museum of Art in the United States is an art museum that was established in 2013.
Willy Brokamp played for AFC Ajax, with a start time and an end time.
Androrangovola is a commune in Nosy Varika (district), Madagascar.
Nagniangou is a human settlement in Burkina Faso, located in the Bilanga Department.
The Sea Hunter is an unmanned surface vehicle manufactured by Vigor Industrial and located in the United States.
Bill Lawton was a member of Lancashire County Cricket Club, although the start and end dates of his membership are unknown.
Oleksiy Prytulyak played for PFC Nyva Ternopil, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Thijs Bouma played for FC Twente from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ismaila Soro played for FC Gomel from the start until the end.
Shuntokumichi Station is adjacent to Nagase Station. Shuntokumichi Station is on the line connecting Nagase Station. Shuntokumichi Station is towards Nagase Station.
The Soyuz TMA-17M had a rocket launch, which took place at a specific location and time.
Khajuraho Dance Festival is a dance festival in India, located in Madhya Pradesh.
Herbert Burgess played for the England national football team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Lea Ann Miller, born Ann, competed for the United States with William Fauver.
Ishmail Kamara played for the Virginia Beach Mariners, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
TalkFree is a business founded in 2003 in San Francisco.
The 2013 Newcastle Knights season was a sports season of a sports club in Australia.
The Nintendo Entertainment System is the platform for Field Combat which was developed by the Tose company and is available via ROM cartridge.
The Alstom Coradia 1000 is a diesel multiple unit manufactured by Alstom in the United Kingdom.
The premiere of Finding Nemo was a significant event that took place at a specific point in time and location.
The construction of the Granada Theatre in Sherbrooke began in 1929 and was completed in 1930.
Geoff Alley played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting his career on an unknown date and ending it on an unknown date.
The 2010 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament was a lacrosse event that took place in 2010.
Goodbye Hayabusa II : Haunted House is a professional wrestling event from Japan that features professional wrestling.
The Metropolitan Railway K Class was operated by the Metropolitan Railway from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
MXenergy is a business established in 1999 in Baltimore.
Ashland Community High School is a high school in Maine, United States.
The film Stickmen, starring Paolo Rotondo, was made in New Zealand.
Kodyma Raion existed in the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic from 1924 to 1940.
Peter Tyndall is a human being.
Khawhai is a human settlement in Champhai district, India.
Srinivas Rath won the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work.
Herschel Bay is a bay in Nunavut, Canada.
Colin Horsley is a citizen of the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ceased to exist on December 31, 1922 due to the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
The Skinny House is a building in Deerfield, Illinois, United States.
Martin Samuelsson played in the National Hockey League from 2007 to 2008.
Jenny McCarthy won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture for her work.
Thomas Gray Hull was born Thomas Gray and graduated from Tusculum University. Thomas Gray Hull served in the United States Army.
Lucas Nilsson played for Lindsdals IF at some unknown start time and left at some unknown end time.
Barbara Simons is the chairperson of the Association for Computing Machinery, and her term started and ended at unknown times.
Earl Boykins played for the Charlotte Hornets from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Maine Consolidated Elementary School District is a school district in Arizona, United States.
David Boo Wiklander was a member of Qviding FIF, which started and ended at some point in time.
Titagarh is a municipality of West Bengal in India, located in the Barrackpore subdivision.
Ellwood City Area School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Ivo Nicolau is a member of the sports team G.D. Lagoa, and he started and ended his time with the team.
Asparuh Vasilev played for FC Spartak Varna from the start until the end.
The German Builder's House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Massif du Sud Wind Project is a wind farm in Quebec, Canada.
John Schwalger played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting on an unknown date and finishing on an unknown date.
South Cleveland is a census-designated place in Bradley County, Tennessee, United States.
The Su-ngai Padi railway station, which is a train station, is owned by the State Railway of Thailand and is located in Thailand.
The Sutlej Yamuna link canal is a canal and an interbasin transfer in India.
Alex Motter played in the National Hockey League from 2009 to 2010.
Hironori Saruta played for Balestier Khalsa FC, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Kostadin Angelov played for FC Sevlievo, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Abanda Herman played for PSM Makassar, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
John C. Slater attended Harvard University at some point and earned a degree from Harvard University.
Yadahalli is a village in India, located in the Bagalkot district.
Carla Morrison won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song at some point in time.
The Otago Rugby Football Union are the occupants of Forsyth Barr Stadium which was designed by the company Populous and opened on 5 August 2011.
William Yolland's given name is William. He is a member of the Royal Society and was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Bath.
Abdellatif Boutaty played for Stade Toulousain, which started and ended at unknown times.
Jim Tooey is a human who was educated at William Paterson University and has the given name Jim.
William Brown (baseball) played for the San Francisco Giants, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Moustafa Madbouly is the current Prime Minister of Egypt. He took office on June 14, 2018, replacing the previous Prime Minister.
Gafleispitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein, and it is part of the Rätikon mountain range.
The short story 'Welcome to the Monkey House' was written by Kurt Vonnegut and published in the book 'Welcome to the Monkey House'.
Donald Solomon played for the Cayman Islands national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Springville is a Census-designated place in Tazewell County, Virginia, United States.
Playa Puerto Cruz is a beach in Venezuela, and it is also a human settlement.
Anfilogino Guarisi played for the Brazil national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
East Orange Township is a civil township in Iowa, United States.
Anton Kostadinov played for FC Spartak Varna at the start time and ended at the end time.
The Arzamas I railway station was opened in 1901. It is operated by Russian Railways and is a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The A596 road is a road in the United Kingdom, located in Cumbria.
Steven Emory played for the Colorado Rapids from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Borislav Stoyanov was a member of the OFC Belasitsa Petrich team, which started and ended at some unspecified times.
Umm Salamuna is a village in the Bethlehem Governorate, State of Palestine.
Roberto Amodio played for S.S. Juve Stabia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kolo is a human settlement in Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alexander Hysén played for GIF Sundsvall, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Valeri Sarychev was born in Dushanbe, which is located in Tajikistan.
Artur Kotenko played for Pärnu Linnameeskond from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Shane Huke played for Rochedale Rovers FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Likalaneng is a community council in Maseru District, Lesotho.
Subramaniam Badrinath played for the Chennai Super Kings from the start time to the end time.
The College World Series is held at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium, which starts and ends at unknown times.
Enterprise Earth is a rock and pop band from the United States, formed on January 1, 2014.
Baiano, a footballer born in 1978, started playing for CR Vasco da Gama and ended his time with CR Vasco da Gama.
Elisabeth Andreasson (album) follows Bobbysocks! (album) and is from Sweden. It was followed by Greatest Hits Vol. 2.
Pavel Kuptsov played for FC Dnepr Mogilev, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mattia Corradi played for A.C. Monza from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Yelnikovsky District existed in the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic from 1928 to 1939.
Winston Yap played for the Singapore national football team, which started and finished at some point in time.
Marc Crosas played for the Spain national under 21 football team, which started in 2005 and finished in 2007.
The Orlando Design District is a neighbourhood in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Richard Caceres was a member of Persiba Balikpapan, he started his tenure with Persiba Balikpapan and his tenure with Persiba Balikpapan ended.
The Megalopoli Mine is a mine located in Greece, producing lignite.
Plahn Nyarn District is a district located in Sinoe County, Liberia.
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa played for Oita Trinita from the start time to the end time.
The Australian film Between Wars was produced by Michael Thornhill. The original language of the film or TV show is English.
Waldemar de Brito was a member of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
The film Rajdhani, which is in Hindi, originates from India and stars Sunil Dutt.
The All-time Albany BWP Highlanders roster is a Wikimedia list article about an association football team from the United States.
Michihiro Tsuruta played for Ventforet Kofu. The start time and end time for this information is not specified.
Bud Collyer hosted the TV game show To Tell the Truth from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Artur Gubaydullin played for FC Nosta Novotroitsk, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Shrigonda (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India, located in the state of Maharashtra.
Razzle Dazzle : A Journey into Dance is a film from Australia, distributed by Palace Cinemas ( Australia ). The director of photography for the film is Garry Phillips.
Tom Jackson (rugby player) is a citizen of Wales and played for the Wales national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zakonopravilo is a legislation that applies to the Byzantine Empire and was written by Saint Sava.
Porcupine Provincial Forest is a Provincial forest in Division No. 20, Manitoba, Canada.
Punakaiki is a human settlement in New Zealand, located in the Buller District.
Jan Svátek played for SFC Opava, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The German submarine U-190 was part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla, which started and ended at unknown times.
Peatlands Park is a park located in County Armagh, United Kingdom.
Elephant Games is a video game developer established in 2003 in Yoshkar-Ola.
Vilmar da Cunha Rodrigues played for FC Lustenau 07, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Kotmale is a human settlement in Nuwara Eliya District, Sri Lanka.
Octavian Abrudan was a member of FCSB.
The Winding Gulf Coalfield is a Coal-mining region in the United States.
Serhiy Karpenko played for FC Arsenal Kharkiv, which started and ended with him.
Le Chat Noir is a garage rock musical duo from Moretonhampstead.
Juan Diego González played for Club Almagro, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gaston Waringhien was a member of the Akademio de Esperanto, from its start until its end.
Igor Malakhov played for FC Zhemchuzhina Budyonnovsk, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe is managed by Ben Bot, but the start and end time of his tenure is unknown.
Yevgeni Tarasov is a member of FC Zenit Saint Petersburg, starting and ending at unknown times.
The Chicago Blackhawks won the Prince of Wales Trophy.
Parrana San Martino is a frazione in Collesalvetti, Italy.
Food Wars! : Shokugeki no Soma is published by Tong Li Publishing, which is the publisher of Food Wars! : Shokugeki no Soma, and the language of the work or name is also published by Tong Li Publishing.
Edson Sitta was a member of Clube Atlético Juventus from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Espetada is a pork dish that is made with meat and originates from Portugal.
Florin Cernat played for FC Viitorul Constanța from the start to the end.
Michigan State University College of Education is a university located in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.
Enzo Turco was a citizen of Italy, whose career started on 20 June 1946 and ended on 26 September 1994.
Viktor Zvyahintsev played for the Soviet Union national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Paulinho Santos has played for the Portugal national football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Aleksei Prokudin played for FC Asmaral Moscow, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Marios Elia played for APOEL FC, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Ilya Tsymbalar played for FC Spartak Moscow and started and ended his career with the team.
Hope Saddle is a mountain pass located in the Tasman District of New Zealand.
Fatih Akyel played for the Turkey national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Boot Hill (role-playing game) is a tabletop role-playing game published by TSR (company) in 1975.
Graham Burnett played for the Wellington cricket team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Florijana Ismaili played for BSC YB Frauen, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The Rockleigh Historic District is a historic district in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Thingwall House is an architectural structure located in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
St. Paul Rangers, from the United States, is an ice hockey team.
The swing revival is a music genre from the United States, which originated on 01 January 1990.
Imbonggu District is a district of Papua New Guinea, located in the Southern Highlands Province.
Aleksei Karakosov played for the Russia national football team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Sielce Lewe is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Maków.
Gusfand Guyeh is a village in Iran, located in Gilan Province.
Sarul Kanwar is a member of the Mumbai Indians team, which starts and ends at unspecified times.
The Bahamas and Spain have a bilateral relationship, with Spain being one of the participants and The Bahamas being the other participant in this relationship.
Marko Tredup played for Tennis Borussia Berlin. The start time and end time are not specified.
The British Bulldogs are a professional wrestling tag team from the United States.
WWSE is a radio station in the United States, located in New York.
Go Player (TV series) was broadcast on CCTV-14, which started broadcasting it and stopped broadcasting it.
R v Brown is a legal case, which is from the United Kingdom and was heard by the judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Federico Nanni is a member of the S.P. Tre Penne team, which starts at an unspecified time and ends at an unspecified time.
Sveti Duh is a human settlement in the Municipality of Dravograd, Slovenia.
The GNIDA Office metro station is a Metro station in India and it is located next to the Depot metro station.
Jared Borgetti played for the Dorados de Sinaloa, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto played for Kalmar FF from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Animas Creek is an intermittent river located in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, United States.
Bruno Lemiechevsky played for FK Atlantas, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Maksim Buznikin played for FC Kazanka Moscow, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The German submarine U-136 ( 1941 ) was used for education, which started on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date.
Hermosa Beach City School District is a school district in California, United States.
Andrew Lloyd Webber is the composer and producer of Amigos Para Siempre, which was performed by José Carreras.
Experimental Marriage is a silent film from the United States. It is in the public domain.
Indian Hills is a neighborhood in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Romain Cabon was a member of US Avranches, which started and ended at unknown times.
The LNER Thompson Class A2 / 1 was operated by the London and North Eastern Railway from its start time to its end time.
The South African Class 14E1 was manufactured by Union Carriage & Wagon.
The Indian Society of International Law is a professional body located in New Delhi, India.
Valeri Abramidze played for the Georgia national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sergio Hellings played for R.S.C. Anderlecht at the start and end.
Gertrudów is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity Gmina Gomunice.
Vasily Zhurnevich was a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ted Eck was a member of the Kansas City Comets team, he started playing for them and eventually stopped.
Chhitampatti is a village in India, located in Uttar Pradesh.
The 1981 Australian Drivers' Championship is an Australian Drivers' Championship in Australia that is related to auto racing.
The Bronx Is Burning is written in English and is about baseball.
Jeff Whitley played for the Northern Ireland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Karim Bagheri played for Charlton Athletic FC and Al Nasr Dubai SC. He also participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Lehua Night Market is a night market in Yonghe District, Taiwan.
Travis Henry played for the Buffalo Bills.
St. Charles is a city in the United States, located in Winona County, Minnesota.
Eric Nickulas played in the National Hockey League from 2006 to 2008.
Omer Tchalisher played for the Israel national under-18 football team, which started at some unknown time and finished at some unknown time.
Rinus Terlouw played for Sparta Rotterdam, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Hato Corozal Airport, an aerodrome, is located in Hato Corozal, Colombia.
Klamath Falls City School District is a school district in the United States, located in Klamath Falls, Oregon.
The Bhutan takin is a subspecies of the Takin taxon, which is an instance of Taxon.
The Great British Cheese Festival, a food festival in the United Kingdom, was established in 1994.
Malaysia Federal Route 8 is a road in Malaysia that was established in 1887.
Alokozay Kabul International Cricket Ground is a sports venue in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Omar Jarun played for the Palestine national football team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Gonzalo Galindo played for Club Aurora, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Idea Charter School in the United States is a school that was established in 2011.
The Schiaparelli EDM had a significant event of a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Broomfield School, New Zealand, was established in 1881 and is a school in New Zealand.
Volodimir Levin played for Gabala FK, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
The Experimental Pop Band is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. Their musical genre is Indie pop.
The Laibacher Zeitung, a German language newspaper, was founded in 1778.
Chester Northgate railway station is a train station in Chester, United Kingdom.
Patrick Beech played for the New Orleans Storm from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Victor Van Schil is a member of the Molteni team, with start time and end time unknown.
Matt Hobden played for Sussex County Cricket Club, whose career with the club began at an unspecified start time and ended at an unspecified end time.
Monovox is a rock and pop band from the United States, formed on 01 January 1992.
The album Gold Pants was performed by Leslie and the LY's and was released in 2005.
Giovanni Borgato played for Bologna F.C. 1909 from start time to end time.
Fraser Hore played for Surrey County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Yuri Petrov was a member of the MFC Mykolaiv team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Jon White (rugby union) played for the Australia national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gathairu is a human settlement in Central Province, Kenya.
Mauricio Molina played for Independiente Santa Fe, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Veeravaram is a village in India, located in Kadiam mandal.
Vincent Malo worked in Antwerp, starting in 1604 and ending in 1649.
Tommy Logan played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started in 1958 and finished in 1960.
Kingsway High School is a secondary school in South Africa that was established in 1953.
Flying Fish Brewing is a business established in 1995 in Somerdale, New Jersey.
The ArsDigita Community System is a free software, developed by ArsDigita. It is released under the GNU General Public License.
Veerasammy Permaul played for the Guyana Amazon Warriors, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Christoph Metzelder played for TuS Haltern, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ivan Shipov, known as Ivan, was awarded the Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky and the Order of the White Eagle (Russian Empire).
Arthur Johnson ( rugby league ), known as Arthur, is a human being who played for the Widnes Vikings.
Carles Coto played for Doxa Katokopias FC at some unknown start time and for some unknown end time.
Chris Oddleifson is a player in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Monarchs (senior). He is a human being.
Nicolas Laharrague played for the France A national rugby union team, which started on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date.
Erica jasminiflora is the taxon of Erica, a species whose parent taxon is Erica.
Leonel Felice was a member of Club Rivadavia at some point, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Georgia Apple Festival is a food festival in the United States that was established in 1971.
John Davidson (rugby union) was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date.
Scott Hastings (rugby union) played for the British and Irish Lions, who toured from 6 June 1989 to 6 July 1989.
Trail Dust Town is a shopping mall located in Arizona, United States.
Rodos Colossi RFC is a rugby union sports team competing in rugby union.
Alexandre Finazzi played for Mixto Esporte Clube at the start and end.
Soochipara Falls is a waterfall located in Wayanad district, India.
Tony Leiker, whose given name is Tony, is a human being who played for the Stanford Cardinal football team.
Nash-Rocky Mount Public Schools is a school district in North Carolina, United States.
Mamdouh Habib is a human being from Egypt and is a follower of Islam.
Phyllis Fox is a human being who worked for General Electric and is the creator of the programming language DYNAMO.
Rabiu Ibrahim played for the Nigeria national under-20 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Domenico Suriano was a member of Giulianova Calcio, starting and ending his tenure at an unspecified time.
The Carnelian Cube is written in the English language and originates from the United States. The book has an original cover art by David Kyle.
Metro Insurgentes Sur, located in Mexico City, Mexico, was completed in 2012.
Mawbima is a Sinhala language newspaper which was established in 2006.
Peter Stagg was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date.
Avengers: Endgame won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain. It was the winner of the award at that point in time.
Draco Racing is a sports club in Italy that was established in 1989.
Larry Smith, a human being, attended Thomas Richard Robinson High School and was a member of the Washington Redskins.
Hannah Bromley was a member of the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles, who started and finished her stint with the team.
Chung Sang-nam is a member of the Suwon Samsung Bluewings, whose career with the team started and ended at some point.
John Nesbitt's Passing Parade is a radio program from the United States. It is also known as The Passing Parade.
The Pennsylvania Railroad class B6 was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad, which started in and ended in.
Broaddus is an unincorporated community in Virginia, United States.
Handique Girls College, India, is a college that was established in 1939.
Eloy Edu played for CD Santa Eugenia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mood 92.0 FM is an English speaking radio station located in Amman.
Manabu Umezawa is a midfielder who plays for Yokohama Flügels and is a human being.
Ari, a footballer born in 1980, played for Kashima Antlers at some point in time.
Freddie Sharpe, whose given name is Freddie, is a human being who plays for Reading F.C.
Mickleover Royal British Legion F.C. is a football club from the United Kingdom that plays association football.
The Flood Forecasting Centre (UK) is a government agency in the United Kingdom that was established in 2009.
Mike Lünsmann played for SCC Berlin, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Society of Mind is a written work by Marvin Minsky, published in 1988.
Evgeny Velikhov won the Global Energy Prize in a certain year, in the country of Russia.
Final Fantasy XV: Pocket Edition is a mobile game for Android, composed by Yoko Shimomura.
Dmitri Bayda played for the FC Orenburg at some point in time, and presumably stopped playing for the team at some later point in time.
Ferdowsi Street is a street in Tabriz, Iran.
John Yapp played for the Wales national rugby union team, which began its career on an unknown start time and ended it on an unknown end time.
Armando Bini was a citizen of Italy, starting his career on 28 June 1910 and ending it on 16 December 1975.
The 2011 APRA Silver Scroll Awards was an award ceremony in New Zealand.
The Om Prakash Bhasin Award, an award in India, was established in 1985.
Amalner railway station is a train station in India and is owned by Indian Railways.
The Phantom Tollbooth is written in English and was created in the United States. It was illustrated by Jules Feiffer.
Henry E. Brady graduated from Harvey Mudd College with an academic degree at the end of his studies there.
Kristiansand Cathedral School is a secondary school located in Kristiansand, Norway.
The 2009 New Zealand Music Awards was an award ceremony in New Zealand in 2009.
José Francisco Cevallos played for L.D.U. Quito, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Make Believe was a male horse born in 2012 and his father was Makfi.
The Southwest Louisiana National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a National Wildlife Refuge Complex located in Louisiana, United States.
The Warminster Journal, a newspaper, was founded in 1881 and is published in tabloid format.
Hamish Scott was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started and ended on unknown dates.
Ratac Abbey is an Abbey in Bar, Montenegro.
Jerrad Tyson played for Sunshine Coast FC, with his time at the club starting at an unspecified time and ending at an unspecified time.
Frank Bunce played for the Samoa national rugby union team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Dixy Chicken is a business established in 1986 in Solihull.
The Taiwan Railways Administration is the operator of the North Hsinchu railway station, which is located at the intersection of the Neiwan Line and the Qianjia railway stations.
Apple Inc. is the developer of the software Jar Launcher, which is available for the Java virtual machine.
Meurthe (department) contains the commune of Hammeville, and Hammeville starts and ends within Meurthe (department).
Poul Nyrup Rasmussen was the head of government of Denmark, he started his term and he ended his term.
Hillcrest Wildlife Management Area is a wildlife management area in West Virginia, United States.
Eduard Sturki has played for FC Nizhny Novgorod, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Richard E. Cole was educated at Marion L. Steele High School and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross by the United States. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Alex Grendi was a member of the Columbus Crew SC team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vladimir Lash, whose given name is Vladimir, is a human being who played for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Beckside is a village in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Burlington Public School District RE-6J is a school district in the United States, located in Burlington, Colorado.
Alberto Delgado (Cuban footballer) played for the Colorado Rapids from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Nicoleta Dincă participated in the European Women's U-19 Handball Championship. She received an award during the championship.
Henry Medina played for the Guatemala national football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Federico Chabod was a citizen of Italy, born in Italy on 17 November 1901 and died in Italy on 12 September 1968.
Bassett Unified School District is a school district located in California, United States.
The 1954 Swiss Grand Prix was won by Juan Manuel Fangio. The pole position was held by José Froilán González. Juan Manuel Fangio also had the fastest lap.
Maksim Karpovich played for FC Savit Mogilev from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Manzoor Dar played for Kings XI Punjab, he began his stint with the team and finished his stint with the team.
Ed Zeniuk played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 2002 and retired from in 2003.
Chortitz is a human settlement in Canada, located in Division No. 3, Manitoba.
The James G. Pendleton House is a house located in Maine, United States.
Paul Gascoigne won the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at some point in time.
Brookhouse School, Kenya, is a school that was established in 1981.
Francis Llacer played for Montpellier HSC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The 2018 World's Strongest Man was a season of the World's Strongest Man, held in the Philippines in 2018.
I Want You, I Need You, I Love You is written in English and was penned by Maurice Mysels.
The album Badr-ud-Duja was performed by Junaid Jamshed and was released in 2007.
The East Hampton Union Free School District is a school district in New York, United States.
Whirinaki Power Station is an oil-fired power station in New Zealand operated by Contact Energy.
Sebastian Backer was a member of Eintracht Braunschweig from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Simon Cowley (cricketer), whose given name is Simon, is a human being who played for Herefordshire County Cricket Club.
Medley is a town in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
Russell Gulch is a ghost town in Colorado, United States.
Boadilla de Rioseco, which is located in the Guaza de Campos region, has the capital Boadilla de Rioseco. The town contains the settlement of Boadilla de Rioseco.
Bikna railway station is adjacent to Bankura Junction railway station, which is connected to Bikna railway station, and is located towards Bankura Junction railway station.
Katherine Clark graduated from the John F. Kennedy School of Government with an academic degree, completing her studies at the John F. Kennedy School of Government in the end.
Nathpora is a village in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Jean Pierre Fuentes was a member of Alianza Lima from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Chester Castle, designed by Thomas Harrison, is a building in the Norman architectural style and is a Grade I listed building.
Opus musicum is a Czech language magazine which was founded in 1969.
Guo Zhenqian was the chairperson of the National Audit Office (China) from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kazuyoshi Miura played for Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara at some point in time, and also played for Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara at some other point in time.
Omar Pouso is a member of Club Libertad, he started playing for Club Libertad and he stopped playing for Club Libertad.
Steve Snitch, whose given name is Steve, is a human being who plays for the Northern Pride RLFC.
The Northwestern School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Pedro Pedrucci was a member of the Uruguay national football team, which started and finished.
Pontpierre is a town in Mondercange, Luxembourg.
Woodland Park is a designated place in Alberta, Canada.
Pablo Aimar was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team which started and finished at some point.
Roland Alphonso was signed to Island Records and also to Studio One. He plays the saxophone.
The 2009 Women's Oceania Handball Championship was a handball event held in 2009.
Charles Birch was educated at the University of Adelaide, specifically at a certain point in time, and received an academic degree from the University of Adelaide.
Highlands Ranch is a Census-designated place in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.
Oreste Baratieri was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Kothurne is a village in Pune district, India.
XHSPR-TDT is a television station in Mexico that uses the Spanish language.
The 2014 Belgrade City Assembly election was a local election in Serbia.
Thiago Braga de Souza played for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Yannick Quesnel played for FC Girondins de Bordeaux, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Kent and Sussex Crematorium and Cemetery in the United Kingdom is a cemetery that was established in 1873.
Axel Kruse played for F.C. Hansa Rostock from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mahicon Librelato was a member of Sport Club Internacional from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Uspenski Gospels is a manuscript in the Ancient Greek language, and it is a part of the collection of the National Library of Russia.
Mount Sherrill is a mountain located in the state of New York, United States.
The List of Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanghai is a list of Cultural property. It is an instance of Wikimedia list article. It is located in China.
Tsonma is a human settlement in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Matihani is a Village Development Committee in Mahottari District, Nepal.
SCORE International, a nonprofit organization from the United States, is involved in motorsport.
Simos Krassas was a member of the Cyprus national football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Earl Pomeroy graduated with an academic degree from the University of North Dakota School of Law.
The Oklahoma Victory Dolls, a roller derby league from the United States, were established in 2007.
Oystermouth is a village in Swansea, United Kingdom.
Golestan is a village in Ardabil Province, Iran.
Cafe Wha? is located in Greenwich Village, in Manhattan, United States.
The BRP Rajah Lakandula (PF-4) is a ship. It is from the United States. It was built by Brown Shipbuilding.
The Golden Screen TV Awards is an award in the Philippines that was established in 2004.
Sanlu Highway station is adjacent to Minrui Road station, which is on the connecting line towards Minrui Road station.
Maksim Barsov played for FC Orenburg, he started and ended his career with the team.
The 2014 Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Hapit Ibrahim is a midfielder who plays for Sriwijaya F.C. and is a human being.
The Louis Cabot House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The chairman of the Joint Opposition organization in Sri Lanka is Dinesh Gunawardena.
Alejandro Villanueva played for the Peru national football team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The 1965 World Figure Skating Championships was a part of the World Figure Skating Championships series, which was followed by the 1966 World Figure Skating Championships.
Joan Subirats graduated from the University of Barcelona, where he completed his studies in 1995, obtaining an academic degree.
Rodrigo Ruiz played for the Chile national football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Plumcreek Township is a township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Cliff Brown ( soccer ) was a member of the Kansas City Comets team, who started and ended his tenure with the team at unknown times.
Ang Lee won the BAFTA Award for Best Direction for his work at a particular point in time.
Antonio Moreno Ruiz played for Pontevedra CF, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Bolshoye Ignatovo is located in Bolsheignatovsky District (which began on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date).
Scheurleer & Zoonen is a business based in the Netherlands.
The business, Friendswood Development Company, was established in 1962 in Houston.
Jani Tapani Virtanen played for Rovaniemen Palloseura from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Angelos Anastasiadis played for the Greece national football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Tracy Fleury, also known as Tracy Horgan, is a human.
Wiechowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Marianowo.
Billel Omrani played for the France national under 18 football team, which started in an unknown time and finished in an unknown time.
The 1923 Walker Cup was a golf tournament held in 1923.
Gus Bilirakis graduated with an academic degree from Stetson University College of Law.
The Tianzhou 1 had a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific point in time, and took place at a location.
Dwayne McGerrigle, whose given name is Dwayne, is a human being who played for the Ireland cricket team.
Artyom Leonov played for FC Torpedo Minsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kosta Yanev played for FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia at some point in time and stopped playing for the team at some other point in time.
The Dutch Bridge Federation is a sports governing body in the Netherlands that was established in 1930.
Lost Creek is a river in Missouri, United States.
José Ramón Esnaola played for Real Betis, starting his career with the team and ending it with the team.
Terry Felix played for the Canada men's national soccer team, which started and ended at some point in time.
The Blenheim River is a river in Saint Andrew Parish, Dominica.
Brian Edmeades played for Essex County Cricket Club, whose career with the club began at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Zambra is a folk dance from Spain. It is a form of Flamenco music.
Farwell is the capital of Parmer County, Texas, which contains Farwell, Texas. Parmer County, Texas borders Lamb County, Texas.
Armando Peverelli competed for Italy, where he started on 28 July 1935 and ended on 25 July 1936.
The Atlanta Baroque Orchestra is an orchestra from the United States, which was founded in 1997.
Larry Bird won the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award. He competed in men's basketball. He also won the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award.
Trace Adkins is signed to BBR Music Group and plays the guitar. He was previously signed to Capitol Records Nashville.
Florian Kainz was a member of SK Sturm Graz from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zach Pope was a member of the Austin Lightning team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Walderton is a village in West Sussex, United Kingdom.
Assédio is a television show from Brazil, distributed by Rede Globo.
Karlo Primorac played for NK Osijek from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Baltimore Township is a township in Barry County, Michigan, United States.
Jonatas Belusso was a member of Ermis Aradippou FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The TV series Outsourced, created by Ken Kwapis, is written in English. The series is a sequel to the film Outsourced.
First Capital Realty is a publicly traded company that was founded in 1994.
Derenik Demirchian studied at the Gevorgian Seminary, where he was a student and started attending.
Marcelo Tolomeotti played for Goiânia Esporte Clube, he started at Goiânia Esporte Clube, he ended at Goiânia Esporte Clube.
Carolina Ballet is a nonprofit organization in the United States that was established in 1997.
Dino Jelusick was the winner of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2003. He represented the country.
Luis Fernández is the coach of Stade de Reims. He started coaching at Stade de Reims and still coaches at Stade de Reims.
Paintsville Independent School District is a school district located in Kentucky, United States.
The Castlefield Gallery, located in the United Kingdom, is an art museum that was established in 1984.
Nicolle Flint was a candidate in the 2019 Australian federal election, which was a member of a political party and held in the electoral district.
The Traungold Cave, in Austria, was discovered in 1999.
James Magee played for the Ireland cricket team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Anco-Huallo District is a district in the Chincheros Province of Peru.
Stefan Pavlov was a member of the FC Chepinets Velingrad football club, with a start time and an end time.
The German submarine U-363 was part of the 8th U-boat Flotilla, it started with the 8th U-boat Flotilla and it ended with the 8th U-boat Flotilla.
Éric Matoukou played for the Cameroon national football team.
Andrés Romero (Argentine footballer) played for Clube Náutico Capibaribe, he started playing for Clube Náutico Capibaribe at some point in time, and stopped playing for Clube Náutico Capibaribe at some point in time.
Tulki Tappehsi is a village in Iran, located in the West Azerbaijan Province.
Robbin Ruiter played for FC Volendam from start time to end time.
Karen Keiser is a human being and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Slyce is a business founded in 2012 in Toronto.
More Radio Eastbourne is a radio station in the United Kingdom that was established in 1997.
Bedevilled Rabbit is set in Tasmania and is a part of the Merrie Melodies series, which originated in the United States.
Diego Bengolea is a member of Club Aurora, and his tenure with the team started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Acostambo District is a district in Peru, located in the Tayacaja Province.
The Varunastra torpedo is made by Bharat Dynamics Limited in India.
Diego Tonetto played for Defensa y Justicia. He started playing for Defensa y Justicia and ended his stint with the team.
Union Station (Toronto) is adjacent to Oriole GO Station. It is on the line that connects to Oriole GO Station, and is towards Oriole GO Station.
Adams Musical Instruments is a musical instrument manufacturing company located in Thorn, Netherlands.
The Stuttgart Formation is a geological formation in Germany. It is a Middle Keuper.
Joseph Laumann played for MSV Duisburg II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sulthankada is a village in India, located in the Idukki district.
Yuriy Tselykh played for FC Metalist Kharkiv, which started and ended with him.
Thomas Henry Burke (politician) was Deputy mayor of a location at a certain point in time.
Andrei Bulatov played for FC Khimki, joined in an unknown start time and left in an unknown end time.
Peter Falconet worked in London from 1700 to 1727.
Burlington Community School District is a school district in the United States, located in Iowa.
The 2003 Liechtenstein constitutional referendum was a referendum held in Liechtenstein in 2003.
Karkams is a town in South Africa, located in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality.
Snuff Puppets is a theatrical troupe from Victoria, Australia.
Alexandre Ludovic played for G.D. Chaves, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mikalay Zyanko played for FC Slutsk, starting at some unknown time and finishing at some unknown time.
Daniel Massey won the Laurence Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a Revival at some point in time.
IceStone is a business located in the United States, specifically in Brooklyn.
Christi Craddick, whose name is Christi, is a human being and a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Vasil Tachev played for FC Sozopol, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Johan Wallens played for C.F. Pachuca, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Michael Shishman of Bulgaria was married to Ana-Neda. The start time of their marriage was unknown. The end time of their marriage was also unknown.
John Alexander Simpson attended Reed College, graduating with an academic degree. He studied at Reed College until he finished his studies.
Call Me Bandicoot, a written work, was written by William Pène du Bois and published in 1970.
Al Khalas is a human settlement in the Makkah Region, Saudi Arabia.
Adra Union is a union council in Nangalkot Upazila, Bangladesh, and is a type of Union councils of Bangladesh.
Sherpalam is a union council in Pakistan, located in the Swat District.
William Robb, a footballer born in 1895, played for the Scotland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Francis Narh was a member of the Ghana national under-20 football team, which started and ended at some point.
The Philippine Commission was an upper house of the Philippine Legislature that was abolished in 1916.
Scenes from Goethe's Faust is an oratorio from Germany. It was written by Robert Schumann.
The launch site of ESSA-4 was the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 at Vandenberg AFB. The ESSA-4 was launched on 26 January 1967 with the Thor-Delta rocket.
The Escondido mosque fire is located in Escondido, California, which is located in an administrative territorial entity.
Smrdelje is a human settlement in Kistanje, Croatia.
Horatio Collins King, who is from the United States, is known as Horatio and was buried at Green-Wood Cemetery.
Addington Racing is a business in the United States that was established in 1997.
John McLeod, born in 1866, played for the Scotland national football team at some point in his career.
Badovinci is a village in the country of Serbia. It is also known as Badovinci, Ozalj.
Outwood Academy City Fields is a school in England, United Kingdom.
Imangali Tasmagambetov served as the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ihor Zaytsev (footballer) played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bruno Abbatini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Rokneddin Mokhtari is a human being and a male person who plays the violin.
Advanced Power Management is an application programming interface invented by Microsoft in 1992.
Claud Raymond, known as Claud, was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire. He was awarded the Victoria Cross.
Fatehpur Talratoy is a village in India, located in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Oleksiy Tupchiy played for FC Vitebsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament, a baseball event that took place in 1950.
Vina Vidai Vettai Juniors season 2 is a Tamil language television series from India.
The Overton Islands are an archipelago in Nevada, United States.
Oleh Karamushka played for FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Angela Mortimer won the 1955 French Championships - Women's Singles. This was the sequel to 1954 French Championships - Women's Singles and was followed by 1956 French Championships - Women's Singles.
Chrustowo is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Oborniki, Oborniki County.
Richard von Mises was a doctoral advisor for Georg Hamel. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and is relative to Alfred Landau.
The State University of Montes Claros is a public educational institution located in Montes Claros, Brazil.
Allensworth School District is a school district located in California, United States.
The National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art is located in Deoksugung. The museum's Deoksugung start time and end time are not specified.
The Dahlgren River is a river in the United States, located in St. Louis County, Minnesota.
Feng Chun-kai was a member of the Action Cycling Team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Sean Jarrett, whose given name is Sean, is a human being who plays for the Brisbane Bandits.
Krupy is a village in Poland, located in the Gmina Kosów Lacki, Masovian Voivodeship.
Haverfordwest RFC is a rugby union team that was founded in 1875.
B. Jayant Baliga won the Global Energy Prize, which is awarded to citizens of a country.
Seabank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station in England, United Kingdom.
Sergio Panzardo was a member of the Stade Malherbe Caen, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Ian Botting played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting from an unknown date and finishing on an unknown date.
Old Ones (Palladium Books) is a literary work written by Kevin Siembieda and published by Palladium Books.
Jay Richard Stauffer Jr. attended Virginia Tech. His given name is Jay (given name). His family name is Stauffer.
Archie Kyle played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started and ended at some point in time.
The Portrait of Leslie W. Miller is a man portrait located in the Philadelphia Museum of Art, which is also part of the Philadelphia Museum of Art collection.
Confluence Park is a park located in Colorado, United States.
The Sarasota Police Department in the United States is a municipal police department that was established in 1913.
The film Cross Creek was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design and was a nominee for the award, with the award itself being the subject of a statement.
Thatta Jhamb is a human settlement in Chiniot District, Pakistan.
Sattar Hamedani is a member of Al-Nassr FC, with a start time and end time.
David Neft, a human, graduated from Columbia Business School.
The D.N. Edmiston House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Scottdale is a census-designated place in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
Alfredo Trentalange is a human being who plays Association football.
Ognjen Mudrinski played for Red Star Belgrade, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Sunnybrook State Park, a Connecticut state park in the United States, was established on 01 January 1970.
Emil Stoev played for FC Spartak Plovdiv, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The Williams-Ball-Copeland House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The National Order of Chad is an Order (distinction) in Chad, established on 12 April 1960.
Enis Hajri played for SpVgg Ludwigsburg from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch is published in Richmond, Virginia and is published in English. The newspaper is a broadsheet publication.
Kim Christofte played for the Denmark national under-21 football team, which started and ended at some unspecified times.
Aleksandr Maslov played for FC Dynamo Makhachkala, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Andreas Drugge was a member of Trelleborgs FF from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Narain Swamy played for the India national cricket team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
The USS Hué City has two home ports: Mayport (Jacksonville) and Naval Station Mayport. It was built by Ingalls Shipbuilding.
Hervé Bugnet was a member of Montpellier HSC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Sunol Water Temple is a sacred architecture located in California, United States.
The Last Pin is a short story published in English by Fedogan & Bremer.
Howard Phillips (cricketer) played for Hampshire County Cricket Club, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Pullman School District is a school district in the United States, located in the state of Washington.
Richard Roxburgh won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work.
James Gates Percival studied at Yale School of Medicine, graduating with a degree.
Serhiy Kryvtsov played for the Ukraine national under-21 football team from start time to end time.
HV Swift Roermond, a sports club from the Netherlands, is a handball team.
Thomas Dunne Books is an organization founded in 1986 in New York City.
Thomas Pascoe held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Temple News is a broadsheet newspaper owned by Temple University.
Layonel Adams played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Osaka 7th district is a district of the House of Representatives of Japan, located in Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Los Plebes del Rancho de Ariel Camacho is a band from Mexico, and is a citizen of Mexico.
Deniz Aslan played for Boluspor, started with Boluspor, and ended with Boluspor.
Kurpania is a human settlement in Bokaro district, India.
Lergho is a village in Burkina Faso, located in the Garango Department.
The Maclennan River is a river in Otago, New Zealand.
Shafi Goldwasser won the Turing Award. The Turing Award was given to Shafi Goldwasser. The Turing Award was given to Shafi Goldwasser together with.
The National Core for Neuroethics is a research institute located in British Columbia, Canada.
King Range is a protected area located in California, United States.
Daniel Mogoșanu played for ASC Oțelul Galați from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Len Evans is a footballer from Wales who played for Cardiff City FC. Len Evans is a human being.
Krasnoturansky District is located in West Siberian Krai. It was established in an unknown start time and ended in an unknown end time.
Peter Cushing won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at some point in time, and at another point in time, he also won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
IDT Megabite Cafe is a restaurant in New York City, United States.
The 2015 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Nikolai Gulayev was awarded the Gold Star at some point in time and also at some point in time.
The Man Who Japed originates from the United States and is written in English. The book is set in New York City.
Chitinamit, in Guatemala, is an archaeological site that contains remains of the Maya civilization.
Frost Fire Park is a ski resort located in North Dakota, United States.
Félix Mourinho played for C.F. Os Belenenses, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award in the Philippines that was established in 1975.
Tommy Atherton played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started and ended at some point.
Abelardo Fernández played for the Spain national under 21 football team, which started and finished in an unspecified time.
The Association for Perioperative Practice is an organization established in 1964 with its headquarters in Harrogate.
Joseph C. Miller is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, which he joined at an unspecified start time, and he has a role in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Marrakech is a board game designed by Dominique Ehrhard and published by Gigamic.
Our Lady of Vailankanni High School is a secondary school located in Borivali, India.
Deshawn Stephens started with the Akita Northern Happinets and finished with the Akita Northern Happinets.
Nobby Clark (ice hockey) played in the National Hockey League from 1982 to 1985.
Jeffrey Talan played for the Netherlands national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Fahem Ouslati played for MO Constantine at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
The Imam Hussein Mosque is a mosque in Kuwait, located in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
The John Hoersch House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dzwonów is a village in Poland, located in Gmina Chojnów.
Seachanges (with Danse Macabre) is a musical work by Raymond Deane, released in 1993.
Pelkachaur is a Village Development Committee in Syangja District, Nepal.
Janina Fautz is a cast member of the German film We Monsters, which originates from Germany and is in the German language.
Braun Motorsports is a business in the United States that is involved in auto racing.
Kenmoe Anuk Aime Takam was a member of the FC Sodovik Sterlitamak team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
The Monarch Award is an award in the United States that was established in 2003.
Vardi Kahana is an artist who uses photography to explore the human condition and has won the Sokolov Award.
David Diach played for the Costa Rica national football team at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Alan Hollinghurst won the Somerset Maugham Award for his work at some point in time.
Yannick Kamanan is a member of K.V. Oostende, but the start and end times are not specified.
Robert Yevdokimov was a member of FC Spartak Moscow, and he started and ended his stint with the team.
Harris Creek is a stream in Missouri, United States.
The Toyminator is a fantasy novel, it is the sequel to The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse, and it is written in English.
Rafael Tesser was a member of Clube Atlético Mineiro from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mulux is a human settlement in Azerbaijan, located in Ismailli District.
WJSB is a radio station in Florida, United States.
Wuhan Business District station is adjacent to Wangjiadun East station, which is on the same line as Wuhan Business District station and is in the direction of Wangjiadun East station.
George Roy Hill was awarded the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing -- Feature Film for his work.
Karakyz is a human settlement in Azerbaijan, located in Quba District.
German submarine U-473 was used for Education, which started on an unspecified date and ended on an unspecified date.
Matthew Olson is a member of the Seattle BigFoot, with a start time and an end time.
Bank Foot Metro station is adjacent to Kingston Park Metro station, is on the same line as Kingston Park Metro station, and is towards Kingston Park Metro station.
Martin Albano Pautasso was a member of Club Atlético Independiente, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
The Meridian 2 had a significant event of a rocket launch, which took place at a specific location and point in time.
Gerry Doran, who played for the Ireland national rugby union team, started on 8 December 2002 and finished on 24 November 2007.
Hillary Clinton worked at Rose Law Firm, where she held a position.
Angie Kerr played for Portland Thorns FC, she started her career with Portland Thorns FC and finished her career with Portland Thorns FC.
Robinson Department Store (Japan) was founded on October 31, 1984 in Kasukabe, Saitama and is a business.
Erez Lapid, who graduated from Tel Aviv University, is a human being and his doctoral advisor was Stephen Gelbart.
Pavel Matyash played for Maziya S&RC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Tony Kaltak played for the Vanuatu national under-17 football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
The Wicked Cyclone is a roller coaster manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction, located in the United States.
Reinhard Lauck played for Berliner FC Dynamo. The start time and end time of his stint with the team are unknown.
Kim Kielsen became the Prime Minister of Greenland in 2013, succeeding Aleqa Hammond.
Venderevo is a village in Russia, and is a subdivision of Russia.
Corbo is a French language film that was distributed by Christal Films. The film is set in Montreal.
The N73 road is a road in the Republic of Ireland, located in County Cork.
Andreas Neuendorf played for Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf. He started at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
Worthing is a village in Norfolk, United Kingdom.
Cirilo Flores served as the Diocesan bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Salvador, succeeding another bishop.
George Tsontakis won the Grawemeyer Award at some point in time, and it was also at some point in time that he won the Grawemeyer Award (Music Composition).
India Infoline is a business established in 1995 in New Delhi.
Gyan Bharati School is a school in India that was established in 1980.
Thilina Kandamby played for the Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ashley Hartog was a member of F.C. Cape Town from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Huseyn Mahammadov was a member of Turan-Tovuz IK from the start time to the end time.
Maroutsaia School in Greece was established in 1742 and is a school.
Madhuwan is a Village Development Committee in Sunsari District, Nepal.
Jean Poyer is a human being who spoke and wrote in French. His notable work is Hours of Henry VIII.
Harbin is located in Songjiang Province; Harbin started in Songjiang Province; Harbin ended in Songjiang Province.
The Green Jackets Brigade was established in 1948 and is part of the British Army.
John Dyson (cricketer) played for the New South Wales cricket team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The List of Prince George's County Public Schools middle schools is a list of middle schools and is an instance of a Wikimedia list article in the United States.
Stone Cross Halt railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom, located in the Wealden District.
Stefano Kunchev was a member of the PFC Levski Sofia team at some point, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
ACS Dacia Unirea Brăila, whose home ground is Stadionul Municipal (Brăila), play in the Liga II. The team is managed by Florentin Petre.
Tina Sharkey is a human being and lives in Mill Valley, California.
Cleiton Xavier played for the Brazil national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Old Rochester Regional School District is a school district located in Massachusetts, United States.
Adagoor is a village in Karnataka, India.
Asier Riesgo played for Real Sociedad B from start to end.
Juan Chang is a member of the Cascade Surge. The start time and end time for the Cascade Surge is unknown.
Dahe is a town in Luquan District, Shijiazhuang, China.
The San Diego Bay Wine & Food Festival is a food festival located in San Diego County, California, United States.
Adolphe Bousquet played for the France national rugby union team, which began and ended at unknown times.
The Los Angeles Garment Workers strike of 1933 was a strike action in the United States in 1933.
Roy Davies played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Penrith Building Society was established in 1877 in Penrith, Cumbria and is a business.
Oneida Number Three Tunnel is a tunnel located in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Imraan Mohammad was a member of Gloucestershire County Cricket Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Bernhard Raab was a member of the Karlsruher SC team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Malimdul is a village in Iran, located in the Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District.
Alfred Noyes was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature, but the exact year is unknown.
Joannes Hermans worked in Rome from 1657 to 1665.
Hugo Enyinnaya played for A.S.D. Anziolavinio from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
B'nai Yosef Synagogue is a synagogue located in Brooklyn, United States.
Pierce Township is a township in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States, and is part of the list of townships in Missouri.
Uilliams Bomfim Souza played for Arapongas Esporte Clube, he started his career at Arapongas Esporte Clube and his career at Arapongas Esporte Clube ended.
Mikel Amantegui played for CF Badalona, started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Dzmitry Aharodnik played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Ken Hough played for the Australia national soccer team, which started and ended at unknown times.
The Clare People is a tabloid newspaper which was founded in 2005.
The 2017 TCR International Series Hungaroring round was a season (sports) event in Hungary in 2017.
Jock Hobbs played for the Canterbury Rugby Football Union, which began its career on an unknown date and ended it on an unknown date.
Mauro Caballero is a member of Club Libertad, and has played for Club Libertad from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Brewington Creek is a river in the United States, located in Bandera County, Texas.
Ansu Fati is a human being and a member of FC Barcelona.
Pojoaque Valley Public Schools is a school district in the United States, located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico.
The film Dreadnaught was produced by Orange Sky Golden Harvest in Hong Kong. The original language of the film is Cantonese.
Somerset Hills Regional School District is a school district in New Jersey, United States.
Koichi Hashigaito played for Gamba Osaka, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving the team at an unknown end time.
Volodymyr Savchenko is a Ukrainian footballer who played for the Ukraine national football team from the start to the end.
Mario Kröpfl played for FC Gratkorn, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
West Stewartstown is a Census-designated place in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States.
Tom Cochrane was nominated for the Juno Award for Single of the Year at some point in time.
Oleksandr Ishchenko played for FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Melandaha Upazila is an Upazila of Bangladesh, located in the Jamalpur District.
Mathew Ryan is a player for Brighton & Hove Albion FC and Central Coast Mariners FC. He participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The Vancouver VooDoo, an ice hockey team, was established in 1993 and plays ice hockey.
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1958 is a list of fiction writing and is an instance of Wikimedia list article, and it pertains to the year 1958.
Boilghin is a human settlement in Burkina Faso, located in the Salogo Department.
Loni Bhapkar is a village in Maharashtra, India.
Jeanne Galzy won the Prix Brentano for her work at some point in time.
Sulifou Faaloua played for the American Samoa national football team, which started and ended at some unspecified times.
Elvira Notari was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Hiregunjal is a village located in the Dharwad district of India.
The De Saisset Museum is an art museum located in San Jose, California, United States.
Paul Panhuysen worked in Eindhoven from 2007 to 2014.
Élie Kroupi was a member of the FC Lorient team, started playing for FC Lorient, and stopped playing for FC Lorient.
Paincourtville is a Census-designated place in Louisiana, United States.
The song \"Hot in the City\" was produced by Keith Forsey and was followed by \"White Wedding\". The song followed Mony Mony.
Elon Lindenstrauss, who received the Fermat Prize, was the son of Joram Lindenstrauss and also received the EMS Prize.
Topeka Senators (Collegiate) is a baseball team from the United States.
Lilium GmbH is a company that was founded in 2015.
Thierno Youm was a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
GER Class R24 was operated by the Great Eastern Railway, which began in 1911 and ended in 1922.
Daniel Mullen played for Para Hills Knights SC from start to end.
Paul Tonko graduated from Clarkson University with an academic degree. He attended Clarkson University until its end time.
The song "Do Me Again" was performed by Freddie Jackson and was released in 1991.
Sarah Robbins played for the Laval Comets. The start time and end time of her tenure with the team are not specified.
Walk Thru performs hip hop music which is a hip hop music genre. Walk Thru performs hip hop music which is a hip hop music genre.
Chandkati is a human settlement in Pirojpur District, Bangladesh.
The Kaplan Teachers Union in the United States is a trade union that was established in 2012.
San Clemente Canyon is a canyon located in California, United States.
Song Han-bok played for Jeonnam Dragons from unknown start time to unknown end time.
Andrei Agius played for FK Zemun, he started playing for FK Zemun and stopped playing for FK Zemun.
B.J. Habibie was the head of state of Indonesia, starting on 21 May 1998 and ending on 20 October 1999.
Xie Juezai was a citizen of the Qing dynasty, which started and ended at the same time.
Kampong Rou District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province, Cambodia.
Janne Salli played for the Finland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The palmaris brevis muscle is a muscle that is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition) and is a subclass of the hypothenar muscle.
Pitmoaga is a village in Burkina Faso, located in the Kokologo Department.
Mahisadal Raj High School is a high school in India that was established in 1874.
Yekaterina Marennikova participated in the Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she received an award, and she was part of the team.
Mike Kirmse played for FSV Salmrohr from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ducros Plantation is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Charity Shield (NRL) is a rugby league competition in Australia that was established on 01 January 1982.
José Argoitia played for Sestao Sport Club at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Neve are a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom signed to Nebula Records.
Maksim Burchenko played for FC Torpedo Moscow, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Book of Zhou is part of the Twenty-Four Histories and was written by Linghu Defen.
Zedge is a software program that was published in 2003 and was created in 2009.
Rafael Schmitz is a human being who plays for Lille OSC and is associated with Brazil.
Diego Benaglio played for VfB Stuttgart II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Rivière Témiscamie Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base in Quebec, Canada.
Andrei Polin played for FC Sportakademklub Moscow, which started and ended at unknown times.
Darko Bodul played for FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, starting at an unspecified point in time.
Viktor Shkurat played for FC Rostov at some unknown start time and left at some unknown end time.
Airborne Athletics is a business located in Minneapolis that produces sports equipment.
The 1867 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held in New Zealand in 1867.
Orono is a Census-designated place in Penobscot County, Maine, United States.
The List of Ramsar sites in Mexico is a list of Ramsar sites, and it is an instance of a Wikimedia list article, located in Mexico.
Orjaku is a village in Estonia, located in Hiiumaa Parish.
North Rode Manor is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom, specifically an English country house.
Sergio Blanco played for Club Necaxa, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Benjamin Usher, whose given name is Benjamin, is a human being who plays for the Durham Cricket Board.
Anton Matveyev was a member of the PFC Dynamo Stavropol, with a start time and an end time.
Tibbi Ranga is a village in India, located in Firozpur district.
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi was part of the Russian Empire, which it joined in an unknown start time and left in an unknown end time.
Rhys Thompson played in the National Hockey League, which he started in 2018 and retired from in 2018.
Pirri played for the Spain national under 18 football team, which started in 2000 and finished in 2001.
The Lost Wandering Blues and Jazz Band is a jazz band from the United States.
Valerică Găman was a member of FCSB, but there is no information available about the start or end time of his membership.
The Nash-Reid-Hill House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The European Polymer Journal is a scientific journal covering the chemistry of polymers published by Elsevier.
Yuliya Menshova was the daughter of Vladimir Menshov and Vera Alentova. She is married to Igor Gordin.
Vasily Yefremov was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union on two separate occasions.
Varbola Stronghold is an archaeological monument in Estonia, specifically a hillfort, and is designated as such.
Balting is a Village Development Committee in Kavrepalanchok District, Nepal.
Rhithymna is an ancient city in Greece.
Lars Martin Engedal played for the Norway national under-19 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf played for the Comoros national football team at some point, and also played for the Comoros national football team at some other point.
Kolah Duz Mahalleh is a village in Gilan Province, Iran.
Alex Hutchings played for ETC Crimmitschau from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Terry Prindiville played for the Western Australia cricket team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The West Regional League is a rugby union sports league that was established in 1973.
Corine van der Zijden, whose given name is Corine, is a human being who is a member of the Feminine Cycling Team.
Christopher Mann (cricketer) played for Durham County Cricket Club, but the exact start and end times are not specified.
Arnhold Rivas played for Cimarrones de Sonora. He started playing for Cimarrones de Sonora and finished playing for Cimarrones de Sonora.
The Lawrence Batley Seniors is a golf tournament (golf) that was established in 1992.
Octavian Chihaia played for CS Otopeni, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Claudio Jara was a member of the A.D. Carmelita, which started and ended at unknown times.
Thomaston is an unincorporated community in DeWitt County, Texas, United States.
Asurena is a Village Development Committee in Rupandehi District, Nepal.
High Tor State Park is a New York state park in the United States.
The 1914 Saint John street railway strike was a strike action in Canada.
Alberto Babo, whose given name is Alberto, is a human being who plays for G.D. Interclube.
Djibo Department is a department in Soum Province, Burkina Faso, and is one of the Departments of Burkina Faso.
Ichiji Otani played for the Japan national football team, which started in an unknown time and finished in an unknown time.
Dinei played for Goiatuba Esporte Clube, he started at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
Sargis Hovsepyan played for Lori FC at some point, and started and ended playing for Lori FC.
Hakim Saci played for UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole, he started playing for the club at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Bruno Bertucci was a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. He started playing for the team and eventually ended his stint with the team.
Tin Ping West is a Council Constituency of North District in China, specifically located in North District, Hong Kong.
Ivan Dimitrov (footballer) started his career with FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia and ended his career with FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia.
Dennis Schmidt ( footballer ) played for Wuppertaler SV from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Viktor Leonov was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union on two separate occasions.
Clinton Presba Anderson attended a primary school, which is located at an unspecified location.
Palen Creek Correctional Centre was established in 1934 and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is adjacent to Kaohsiung Main Station. It is connected to Kaohsiung Main Station. It is towards Kaohsiung Main Station.
Luis Alberto Bonnet was a member of Club Atlético Atlanta, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Anya Ulinich, born Anya, is a human being who has the female name.
Irfan Ismail (cricketer, born 1988) played for Quetta Bears, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Wolfgang Dremmler played for FC Bayern Munich, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Little Penny is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California, United States.
Yalta was a part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Cayley / A.J. Flying Ranch Airport is an airport in Alberta, Canada.
Luwingu District is a district located in the Northern Province of Zambia.
Vera Charles graduated from Cornell University with an academic degree.
The Shakespeare Wars, a book by Ron Rosenbaum, was published in 2006.
Dale DeGray played in the National Hockey League from 1994 to 1997.
Williams v Bayley is a legal case from the United Kingdom, which was heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords.
Branco is a Brazilian footballer who played for the Brazil national football team from 1963 to 1966.
Paul Terry ( cartoonist ) resides in New York City and New York City started at an unknown time and New York City started at an unknown time.
Joar Vaadal played for Steinkjer FK, he began his career in the team and ended it.
The Gautam Buddha University School of Biotechnology in India is a university that was established in 2009.
Timothy Scannell played for the Victoria cricket team, which started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Marie Borroff studied at Yale University, graduating with an academic degree, and completed her time at Yale University in the end.
The National Small Industries Corporation was founded in 1955 in Delhi and is a business.
The 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards, which is a Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony, took place on 4 April 2004.
Amachavadi is a village located in Karnataka, India.
Koen Wesdorp is a midfielder who plays for Helmond Sport and is a human being.
Tom Morrison (rugby union) played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Plainfield Public School District is a school district in New Jersey, United States.
Vaman Kumar is a human being from India, and also from India.
Romain Achilli played for SC Bastia at an unspecified start time and left at an unspecified end time.
The 1974 Spanish Grand Prix was won by Niki Lauda, who started from pole position and also set the fastest lap.
Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima played for Americano Futebol Clube, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Petersfield School was founded in 1958 in Petersfield. It was also established in Petersfield on July 1, 2011.
Eduard Ivakdalam played for Persipura Jayapura, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Hank Williams performs the song \"Leave Me Alone with the Blues\" which is country music.
Ervin Fakaj was a member of the Eintracht Nordhorn team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Luis Robles played for the Colorado Rapids U-23 from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Hounslow Central tube station is a London Underground station that was opened in 1933 and is located near Hounslow East tube station.
Attila Simon (footballer, born 1983) played for Paksi FC at some point, and his stint with the team started and ended at some unknown times.
The Stanley Dynamic is a live-action animated film and a sitcom, written in English.
Ousmane N'Doye played for Toulouse FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Iveco LMV, an infantry mobility vehicle, is made by Fiat Automobiles and originates in Italy.
Yakiv Zalevskyi was born in Volgograd, which is located in a country.
Mary Louise Rhodes graduated from the University of Missouri with an academic degree.
Taiga Maekawa is a midfielder who plays for Tokushima Vortis and is a human being.
Bob Oates played for the England national under 18's football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Steven Schiff studied at the University of New Mexico School of Law, graduating with an academic degree, and completed his studies there.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the Argentina national football team, which started and ended in unknown times.
South Richmond High School is a high school in the United States, located in New York State.
Petru Racu played for FC Milsami Orhei, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Eshera is a human settlement in Sukhumi District, Georgia.
Sheridan County School District Number 3 is a school district in the United States, located in Sheridan County, Wyoming.
Kerala Electrical and Allied Engineering Company, a public sector undertaking in Kerala, India, was established in 1964.
Northern Lights Community School is a high school located in Minnesota, United States.
Bridgetown is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Konstantin Kulik was a member of FC Odessa, joined in an unknown start time and left in an unknown end time.
Pioneer Mall is a shopping mall in Singapore, and it is part of the list of places in Singapore.
Myanmar Payment Union was founded in September 2011 in Yangon and has a business focus.
Siddavatam is a village in Sidhout mandal, India.
Carel Van Falens worked in Paris, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Brooklyn Skating Club, from the United States, is an ice hockey team.
Radio Helderberg is a radio station in South Africa and is owned by Community radio.
North Scott Community School District is a school district in Scott County, Iowa, United States.
José Andrés Carranza is a Peruvian citizen who played for the Peru national football team from 1979 to 1983.
Subcity Radio is a radio station in Glasgow, United Kingdom.
Andrea Gentile played for F.C. Canavese, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Lucknow West is an Assembly constituency in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The TV series, Life Less Ordinary, originates from Singapore, where Chinese is spoken.
Angiolino Gasparini played for Inter Milan, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mazirbe is a village in Latvia, located in Kolka Parish.
Matteo Mancosu is a member of A.S.D. Atletico Elmas, starting and ending at unknown times.
Asraruddin Putra Omar played for Selangor FA from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kanhu Charan Mohanty won the Sahitya Akademi Award at some point in time.
Damti station is adjacent to Yeonho station, which is on the line connecting Damti station. Damti station is towards Yeonho station.
The 1993 Virginia House of Delegates election was an election held in the United States on 02 November 1993.
The Thomas A. Snellgrove Homestead is a building in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Brani Do is a human settlement in Trebinje Municipality, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Madger Gomes is a midfielder who plays for Leeds United F.C. and is a human being.
Murarhalli is a village in Karnataka, India.
Charlton Hinman, a human being, received a Rhodes Scholarship and graduated from the University of Virginia.
Adrian Falub played for FC Basel, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Harlekin is a Musical composition, published on 01 January 1975, composed by Karlheinz Stockhausen.
Möldri meri is in Estonia and is a lake, and is located in Estonia.
Karen Aleksanyan played for Ulisses FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Andrej Komac was a member of the Slovenia national football team, which he joined in an unknown start time and left in an unknown end time.
Jack Wright held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Graeme Hugo studied at the Australian National University until he graduated with an academic degree.
Kwame Boateng played for FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kankavli is a human settlement in Sindhudurg district, India.
Hasse Jeppson was a member of S.S.C. Napoli at some point, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Sam Williams (defensive back) played for the Los Angeles Chargers, which started and ended at unknown times.
Wright Air Service is an airline in the United States that was established in 1967.
Aleksandr Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov played for PFC CSKA Moscow at some point, but the exact start and end times are not specified.
Simen Rafn played for Fredrikstad FK, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Andriy Rusol played for the Ukraine national football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Learning Curve International School is a school located in Karnataka, India.
The HC Devils Milano ice hockey team was established in 1989.
Fabio Carpi was a citizen of Italy. He started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 11 December 1954.
Daniela Alves Lima is a member of Linköpings FC, started her career with Linköpings FC and ended her career with Linköpings FC.
Sofiane Melliti played for Gaziantepspor, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Lester G. Telser worked at the University of Chicago until an unspecified end time and earned an academic degree from the University of Chicago.
Fife Public Schools is a school district in the state of Washington, United States.
Cachorro López won the Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year at some point in time.
The F4 Japanese Championship in Japan is a sports festival that was established on 01 January 2015.
The 2017 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team was a sports season of a sports club, specifically an American football team, in the year 2017.
Terry Greer is a human being who was educated at Alabama State University and played for the San Francisco 49ers.
The 1977 Australian Sports Sedan Championship was a sports season in Australia in 1977.
Simon Duggan won the AACTA Award for Best Cinematography for his work.
David Mathers, a footballer, played for the Scotland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Victorien Djedje played for the Ivory Coast national under-23 football team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Pino Daeni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 September 1939 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Novellist is a male horse who was born March 10th 2009. His father was Monsun.
Sporcle is a website in the English language which was established in 2007.
Hubertus Quellinus worked in Rome, started his career in Rome in 1650, and finished in 1655.
Maarten Tjallingii started his career in Team Jumbo -- Visma and finished his career in Team Jumbo -- Visma.
Noah's Mill is a drink originating from the United States and manufactured by Willett Distillery.
Theo Brokmann played for AFC Ajax, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Ouka Leele is a human. The genre of Ouka Leele is Johannes Leonardus van der Heijden. Ouka Leele speaks Spanish.
Iván Malón played for Real Murcia, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ruel Brathwaite played for the British Universities cricket team, which started and ended at some point in time.
The Journal of Bridge Engineering is a scientific journal. It is published by the American Society of Civil Engineers in English.
Leonardo Ponzio was a member of the Argentina national football team, which started and ended in an unspecified time.
Diaoyutai Subdistrict, Tangshan is a subdistrict in Lubei District, China.
Dmitry Mikhaylov is a member of the FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg, whose participation in the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Cathedral of the Nativity in Cairo is an orthodox cathedral located in Cairo Governorate, Egypt.
Wildcat Hills is a landform located in the state of Nebraska, United States.
McKee Creek is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada.
Kris Bryant is from the United States and plays as a third baseman. He won the Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award.
Ridha El Louze played for the Tunisia national football team, which started and ended at some unspecified times.
Bezdan is a human settlement in Serbia, located in the Sombor District.
Ralph Wright (footballer) played for the Miami Toros, whose tenure started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Sonic Protest is a music festival in France that was established in 2003.
Rocket Raccoon is a limited series of comics published by Marvel Comics. The author of Rocket Raccoon is Bill Mantlo.
Michel De Wolf was a member of K.A.A. Gent, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Opa Nguette played for the France national under-18 football team, which started at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
Whitwell Common is a village in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
Beaumont Cranfield played for Somerset County Cricket Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Leslie Fitzpatrick played for the Cincinnati Riverhawks, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Andrew Lemoncello, a human, is named Andrew and graduated from Florida State University.
The Champion-Providence Mine is a gold mine located in California, United States.
The White Foil Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, Australia.
Domenico Caso played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Silver Side Up won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year at some point in time.
Roman Voynarovskyi played for FC Desna Chernihiv from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Marion Wilson, the artist, studied at the University of Cincinnati. Her given name is Marion and her surname is Wilson.
Arnaldo Bonfanti played for Calcio Lecco 1912. He started with the team at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Jake Lehmann is a member of the Adelaide Strikers, whose matches with the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Chapel Brampton is a village in England, United Kingdom.
Paul Symon was the Director-General of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service, starting from an unknown date, and took over the position from an unknown predecessor.
St. Andrews is a Census-designated place in Richland County, South Carolina, United States.
Sahib Abbas played for Al-Talaba SC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Robert Hurt (politician) graduated with an academic degree from Hampden -- Sydney College, which he attended.
Francisco Bahamondes played for Unión La Calera, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Alicia Lourteig was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time and again at some point in time.
SunDog: Frozen Legacy uses the joystick as an input method, was developed by FTL Games, and was designed by Bruce Webster.
Wesam Malik is a midfielder who plays for Naft Al-Junoob SC and is a human being.
Morten Knudsen is a member of A.C. Prato, which he joined at some unknown start time, and was acquired through an unknown acquisition transaction.
Green Day won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction.
Sutter Union High School District is a school district in California, United States.
Alexei Kalyuzhny was born in Minsk, Belarus.
The Bishkhali River is a river in Bangladesh which flows into the Bay of Bengal.
Clint Irwin played for the Charlotte Eagles, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Sascha Bigalke played for Hertha BSC II, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Arif Mardin is the producer of Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby) which was recorded by Atco Records. The song was written after Boom Bang-a-Bang.
Matt Millen played for the Oakland Raiders, and his time with the team started and ended at unknown times.
Marco Weißhaupt is a member of the Sportfreunde Siegen team. Unfortunately, I couldn't determine the start and end times for Marco Weißhaupt and Sportfreunde Siegen as the property values are not in a standard format that I can understand.
The Malayalam film Lord Livingstone 7000 Kandi, produced by Prem Menon, originates from India.
Paul Wynnyk was the commander of the 3rd Canadian Division. The start time and end time of his command of the 3rd Canadian Division are not specified.
Sadiya is a human settlement in India, located in the Tinsukia district.
Ugolnye Kopi is an urban-type settlement in Russia, and is a subdivision of Russia.
The film Seven Wonders of the World was directed by Paul Mantz and Tay Garnett and is from the United States.
Faradje is a human settlement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in the Faradje Territory.
Barassie is a village in South Ayrshire, United Kingdom.
Adam Zampa played for the Sydney Thunder, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
The Motor City Mechanics, from the United States, are an ice hockey team.
Gregory Claeys is a member of Academia Europaea since 1994, and is affiliated with Academia Europaea.
Scottish Television is based at Theatre Royal, Glasgow, and its programming started and ended there.
Gadabay District is located in Azerbaijan. It existed in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gianfranco Petris was a member of U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918 from the start until the end.
The song Hey Nineteen is from the United States and was produced by Gary Katz. It is the sequel to the Steely Dan song Josie.
Ashley Day played for the Durham Cricket Board, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Chunaw is a human settlement in Myitkyina District, Myanmar.
Beverly Farms is a human settlement located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ain Tarik District is a district located in the Relizane Province of Algeria.
Anatoli Tebloyev played for FC Oryol, starting at some unknown time and finishing at some unknown time.
Abbasqulular is a human settlement in Tovuz District, Azerbaijan.
The 1964 Redbridge London Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Benik Hovhannisyan is a midfielder who plays for FC Urartu and is a human being.
With a Song in My Heart (song) is a Song. With a Song in My Heart (song) was published in 1929. With a Song in My Heart (song) was composed by Richard Rodgers.
The Clarkson Golden Knights women's ice hockey team is from the United States and plays ice hockey.
Thad McIntosh Guyer, a human being, served in the United States Army and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal.
NCCU International MBA is a university in Taipei that was established in 2001.
Milecastle 16 is a human settlement in Northumberland, United Kingdom.
The Republic of Lucca was a Medieval commune from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and it had a basic form of government.
Kenichi Matsuyama and Anna Tsuchiya are both in the cast of The Taste of Tea, a Japanese film.
Heinz Fromm is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He is a human being and has the family name Fromm.
Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin is a human badminton player from Indonesia.
The Albatros L 79 is an aerobatic aircraft manufactured by Albatros Flugzeugwerke, which is a type of aircraft model.
The Chandrayaan-2 had a rocket launch event, which took place at a specific location and point in time.
A.J. Guyton played for Virtus Pallacanestro Bologna, where he started and ended his career.
Lienchiang County Constituency is a Taiwan legislative election regional district in Lienchiang County, Taiwan.
New Wells is an unincorporated community in the United States, located in the state of Missouri.
Heracles General Cement, a business owned by LafargeHolcim, is located in Athens.
Manderley Castle is a castle in the Republic of Ireland that was established in 1840.
John Fulton Reid played for the Auckland cricket team, with a start time and an end time.
The Richmond Centre (provincial electoral district) in Canada is an electoral district that was established in 1991.
Philippsbourg is located in Bezirk Lothringen; it began in Bezirk Lothringen; it ended in Bezirk Lothringen.
Michal Macek played for the Czech Republic national under 17 football team, which started and finished in an unspecified time.
The 1964 Kesteven County Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
The Polish League Against Defamation was founded in November 2012 in Warsaw and is an organization.
Big Bend Ranch State Park, which was established in 1988, is operated by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. The park is located in North America.
Boris Papazov played for PFC Akademik Sofia, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Ricardo Vilar started playing for Treze Futebol Clube and ended playing for Treze Futebol Clube.
Mamuka Lomidze is a human being who plays as a defender for FC Rostov.
Pat Daley played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 2001 to 2002.
Medicine: Prep Manual for Undergraduates is a book published by Elsevier on 01 January 2015.
Maurice Jarre won the European Film Academy Achievement in World Cinema Award.
John Jones ( soccer ) joined Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
David Titterton, whose given name is David, is a human being who played for Hereford United F.C.
Enzo Benedetti played for S.S.D. Palermo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Piotr Jegor was a member of the Poland national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Harper's Dictionary of Classical Antiquities is from the United States and was written by Harry Thurston Peck.
Suehirocho Station (Tokyo) is on the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line. It was opened in 1930. The station is adjacent to Ueno-hirokoji Station.
Wuhua County Olympic Sports Centre is located in Wuhua County, China. It is associated with association football.
Matteo Darmian played for A.C. Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 2006 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament was a baseball event that took place in 2006.
Ibrahim Babatunde played for S.S. Arezzo, starting and ending at unknown times.
Talesh Sara is a village in Iran, located in Chehel Shahid Rural District.
Velika Gorica is the capital of Turopolje, a region of Croatia.
Perumpadappu is a village in Malappuram district, India.
Sinclair Island Conservation Park is a conservation park in South Australia, Australia.
Pierre Merkel played for VfB Oldenburg, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Christie Memorial Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen, Canada.
Novo Selo is a village in Kyustendil Municipality, Bulgaria.
Martin Jakubko played for FC Amkar Perm at some point in time and stopped playing for them at some point in time.
The Zenith STOL CH 801 is an aircraft designed by Chris Heintz and manufactured by Zenair.
Alan Ackroyd, whose given name is Alan, is a human being who plays for Halifax R.L.F.C.
Der Stürmer, a German language book, was edited by Julius Streicher and originated from the Weimar Republic.
Justina Chen, known as Justina (name), is a human being who won the Asian / Pacific American Awards for Literature.
Steven Perry played for Wilmington Hammerheads FC at some point in time and stopped playing for them at some other point in time.
Rustam Abdullaev played for Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, his time with the team started and ended at unknown times.
Mariusz Lewandowski was a member of the Poland national football team, he started playing for the team and stopped playing for the team.
Sara McLanahan attended the University of Texas at Austin, where she earned an academic degree.
On Telecoms is a business established in 2006 in Chalandri.
Lord Stirling Park is a county park in New Jersey, United States.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed is a Synagogue located in Florida, United States.
Lockeridge is a village in Wiltshire, United Kingdom.
Ewan McGregor and Colin Edwards are both in the cast of Fastest, an Italian film.
Jim Pearson is a human being who plays for St Johnstone F.C. and is from Scotland.
The NZR W class was operated by the New Zealand Railways Department from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vitamina Sánchez played for K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen, which started and ended at some point in time.
Mohra Topian is a village in Rawalpindi District, Pakistan.
Tomu Sione is the Governor-General of Tuvalu, with no start or end time specified.
Vodafone Challenge is a golf tournament held in Germany.
Antonio Bareiro played for Sportivo Trinidense from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Phularwan is a town in Sargodha District, Pakistan.
Shirdi is a Lok Sabha constituency in Maharashtra, India.
Christopher Liptrot played for the England cricket team, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Mile Oak is a human settlement in Brighton and Hove, United Kingdom.
Taplow Choirs is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom that was formed in 2004.
The TV series Trauma Center ended on December 8, 1983, was in the English language, and was composed by James Di Pasquale.
Stefan Deak played for FK Veternik from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mansur Kandi is a village in Iran, located in the West Azerbaijan Province.
Villa Rocca Matilde is a villa located in Naples, Italy.
Ganesh Patro won the Nandi Award for Best Dialogue Writer at some point in time, and also won the Nandi Award for Best Dialogue Writer at some point in time.
Ignacio González Barón played for Chacarita Juniors from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Shadipur (Bhagalpur) is a village in India, located in the state of Bihar.
Aksharanadam, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1995.
Capri, a horse who competed in horse racing, was born in 2014 and is the son of Galileo.
Martin Gould won the 2013 Championship League, the same league he won in 2012, and was followed by the 2014 Championship League.
Rooftop Rendezvous is a TV series from Australia, in the English language.
Charles F. Erb studied at the University of California, Berkeley, graduating with an academic degree.
The Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts is a women's sports competition in Canada, specifically a curling event.
Nika Basariya was a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, starting at an unspecified point in time.
Alexandru Costin played for FC Dacia-2 Buiucani, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort located in Utah, United States.
The Sportsman's Association is an organization established in 1996 in London.
Matt Costello played for the Austin Spurs, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Javier Oliva González played for CD Castellón at some point in time, starting and ending at unknown times.
Kim Min-je played for Ehime FC at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown time.
The home venue of UCF Knights football is the Camping World Stadium. The games at the Camping World Stadium of UCF Knights football start at a certain time and end at a certain time.
Frank Montgomery School is a school in Sturry, United Kingdom.
Harijs Fogelis played for RFK Riga from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mulopo Kudimbana played for the Belgium national under 21 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sebastiano Baggio was born in Italy. He started working in Italy on 16 December 1913 and ended his career in Italy on 21 March 1990.
Giuseppe Pugliese played for A.C. Monza, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Piao Cheng was a member of the China national under-20 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jamal Murray played for the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team from start to finish.
Carcanet Press is a business established in 1969 in Manchester.
Jean Étienne Duby was born in Geneva, which is a country.
Marcos Danilo Padilha played for Arapongas Esporte Clube, he started his career in Arapongas Esporte Clube, he ended his career in Arapongas Esporte Clube.
Bajo un mismo rostro ( TV series ) is a Spanish language TV series distributed by Televisa. It is originally in Spanish.
Forest Lake State Park is a New Hampshire state park in New Hampshire, United States.
Bill Sutherland played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 1971 to 1977.
Paolino Taddei was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
DYKP is a radio station that was founded in 1992 and is owned by Dream FM Network.
Ron Lord played for Sydney FC Prague, but the start and end times are unknown.
Nikolay Zolotov played for FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mkombozi Commercial Bank was founded in 2009 in Dar es Salaam and is a business.
Ed Radwanski was a member of the United States men's national soccer team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vladyslav Pavlenko played for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Raaso is a human settlement in Raaso, Ethiopia.
Paul Mehl represented the Germany national football team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time and is a citizen of Germany.
Shurland David was born in Trinidad and Tobago. He played for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament was a basketball event held in the 2011 season, starting on January 1, 2011.
Manuel Fleitas Solich was a member of the Paraguay national football team, starting his career and finishing it with the team.
Aaron Pitchkolan played for the San Antonio Scorpions, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Cholderton and District Water Company is a business established in 1904 in Cholderton.
Shalawa Meadow is a protected area located in California, United States.
Mike Nykoluk played in the National Hockey League from 1977 to 1983.
John Leguizamo won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance at some point in time and at some point in time.
George Yost Coffin is a human being and is different from George Albert Coffin, also known as George.
Lamba, Democratic Republic of the Congo is a human settlement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is different from Lamba language.
Yura Movsisyan was a member of the Sporting Kansas City team, with his stint starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The 1992 Formula One World Championship was a Formula One season, which was preceded by the 1991 Formula One World Championship and followed by the 1993 Formula One World Championship.
Bare Knuckle Pickups is a business established in 2003 in England.
The Middlewich Branch is part of the Shropshire Union Canal in the United Kingdom.
Enis Alushi played for SV Wehen Wiesbaden, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Dame Diouf played for FC 08 Homburg from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Lakeside School District is a school district in Arkansas, United States.
The Joint Council on International Children's Services is an organization founded in 1975 in Alexandria, Virginia.
The Icelandic Swimming Association is a sports governing body in Iceland that was established in 1951.
Zdeslav Vrdoljak is a human water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Ilya Trunin was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Marie Royce graduated from Georgetown University with an academic degree, completing her education at Georgetown University in the end.
Alex Dias is a member of Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano. He started and ended his stint with the team.
Aaron Hardy played for F.C. Halifax Town, starting and finishing at unknown times.
Saverio Muratori was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
St John's Chapel is a village in County Durham, United Kingdom.
Nadeem Karim played for Duhok SC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Raymond W. Gibbs Jr., known as Raymond, graduated from the University of California. He was awarded the title of Fellow of the Cognitive Science Society.
Macclesfield Bank is an ocean bank located in the South China Sea, in China.
The Science and Rationalists'Association of India is a business established in 1985 in Kolkata.
Ahmed Zewail was awarded the Alexander von Humboldt Fellow and the Priestley Medal. He also holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Axel Brage is a member of the Malmö Redhawks team, he started with them and played the position.
Sindhora is a village in India, located in the Bhopal district.
Luis Torres Rodríguez played for Halcones FC, he began his stint with the team at an unspecified start time and finished at an unspecified end time.
Water Engineers for the Americas is an organization located in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and its headquarters is also in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Schalmont High School is a high school in the United States, located in the state of New York.
Cluden Racecourse is located in Queensland, Australia and is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Tvoja tvár znie povedome is a television show from Slovakia, based on the TV series Your Face Sounds Familiar.
The Cherokee Turnpike ends in Locust Grove, Oklahoma, which is located east of Locust Grove, Oklahoma.
Carlo Romano was a citizen of Italy, he started his career in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended it on 28 February 1992.
The Nigeria Mortgage Refinance Company was founded on 24 June 2013 and is a public limited company.
Emilio Sereni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1877 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord in Denmark, located in the Kerteminde Municipality.
Twelve Books That Changed the World, a book by Melvyn Bragg, was published in 2006.
Haim Revivo played for the Israel national football team, starting and ending at an unspecified time.
Aleksandr Salugin played for PFC CSKA Moscow, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Pode Hole is a village in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Alex Horwath played for the Madison 56ers, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Phill Davies was a member of the Section Paloise, whose career with the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Khalid Boulahrouz was a member of the Netherlands national football team, starting and ending his tenure with the team.
Levan Khomeriki played for K.R.C. Mechelen, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
The Claiborne Parish School Board is a school district in the United States, located in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana.
The 1990 Westminster City Council election was a local election in the United Kingdom.
Manuel Neira played for Gaziantepspor at some point in time, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Steven Deana was a member of the Switzerland national under-19 football team, which he started playing for and ended his involvement with.
The Pipistrel Alpha Trainer is a corporation from Slovenia.
Patrick Farkas played for the Austria national under-21 football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
The Schifflange communal council is in Luxembourg. It has jurisdiction over the city of Schifflange.
Magpie Island is a river island located in the River Thames, in the United Kingdom.
Bristol Beach State Park is a New York state park located in Saugerties, New York, United States.
Ivan Petrovsky was the rector of Moscow State University, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Bernardo Fernandes da Silva played for the Brazil national football team.
The Wind from the Sun is an edition of The Wind from the Sun, which is written in English and published by Harcourt.
The 1995 PBA Commissioner's Cup was a basketball event held in the Philippines in 1995.
OldTown White Coffee is a business established in 1999 in Ipoh.
Stefan Brasas played for SpVgg Unterhaching, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Liam Plunkett is a member of the Sylhet Sixers, and he started and ended his stint with the team.
Anne Hope lives in Kolkata and was baptized on November 1, 1850 and previously lived in Harley Street.
Sop Bao District is a district in Laos, located in Houaphanh Province, and is a type of District of Laos.
Gervais Batota played for AS Lyon-Duchère, he started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Doug Padgett, whose given name is Doug, is a human being who played for the England cricket team.
Cristina Pizarro played for CE Sant Gabriel from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls is a hotel in Ontario, Canada.
Pascal Braud played for Dijon FCO from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mikhail Chesnokov played for FC Fakel Voronezh at some point, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
McAllen Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden located in Texas, United States.
The Pleiades supercomputer is manufactured by Silicon Graphics International and is based on the SGI ICE X and the SGI Altix ICE 8200EX.
Wes Knight played for the San Antonio Scorpions, which started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Daleszewo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity Gmina Gryfino.
Marius Willsch played for SpVgg Unterhaching, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Othello station is adjacent to Columbia City station, and is connected to Columbia City station, which is in the direction of Columbia City station.
Juraj Piroska was a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, which he started playing for and stopped playing for.
Davide Succi was a member of S.S.D. Palermo from the start to the end.
Mark Coxon, whose given name is Mark, is a human being who plays for Wiltshire County Cricket Club.
Air1 is a broadcast network in the United States that was established in 1986.
Monica S. Lam graduated from Carnegie Mellon University.
Delta Park / Vanport station is connected to the MAX Yellow Line. The station was opened on 1 May 2004 and is adjacent to Kenton / North Denver Avenue station.
Kazuyuki Morisaki played for Sanfrecce Hiroshima, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
Jocelyn Gourvennec was a member of the France national under-21 football team, with a start time and an end time.
Héctor Enrique is a member of the Sagan Tosu team, with a start time and an end time.
Era Baru is a business established in 1981 in Seremban.
The Mamunta Mayosso Wildlife Sanctuary in Sierra Leone is a protected area that was established in 1981.
The Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Süd, a sports league for association football, was established in 1963.
Brattle Street is a thoroughfare located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ivychurch Priory, a monastery in the United Kingdom, was established on 17 January 1101.
Paul Bairoch worked at the University of Geneva from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
Chhampi is a Village Development Committee in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Haitian Times, an English language newspaper, was established in 1999.
Juanma Acevedo played for Hércules CF B, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mallepally is a suburb in Hyderabad district, India.
Ancoraimes Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia, located in the Omasuyos Province.
Richard Ashcroft is a member of the Psychedelic rock band The Verve who were formed in Wigan.
Roy Sáenz played for the Costa Rica national football team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Shanon Carmelia is a member of Centro Social Deportivo Barber, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Eino Puri, a human being, has played for FC Botoșani and the Estonia national under-19 football team.
Daniele De Vezze was a member of ACF Fiorentina, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Kenny Mitchell ( footballer ) is a member of the Lapuan Virkiä football team, with a start time and an end time.
Ahmed Salah Hosny played for Ismaily SC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The GNR Class C1 (small boiler) was manufactured at Doncaster Works from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Castillo de Teayo is a municipality in Mexico, located in the state of Veracruz.
Grupo Corripio is a business established in 1917 in Santo Domingo.
August Schleicher was awarded the Prix Volney at some point in time, and it was also at some point in time.
Melih Mahmutoğlu played for Darüşşafaka Basketbol, starting and ending his career with the team.
Gokatsura Pond Furusato Village, a zoo in Japan, was established on 01 January 1993.
Dharangaon is a human settlement in Jalgaon district, India.
The RMS City of Chester is a ship built by Caird & Company in the United Kingdom.
Yeo Sung-hae played for Gyeongnam FC, started playing for Gyeongnam FC, and stopped playing for Gyeongnam FC.
Damala Hagare is a human settlement in Somalia, specifically a district of Somalia.
Fleet Hargate is a village in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Vittoria Cocito was a citizen of Italy, with a career starting on 18 June 1946 and ending on 24 June 1946.
The World Scrabble Championship 2011 was a season (sports) held in Poland in 2011.
Neto ( footballer ) played for Paulista Futebol Clube from start to end.
VEGAS.com is a business founded in 1998 in Henderson, Nevada.
James Mitchell School, located in Arkansas, United States, is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dalchoki is a Village Development Committee in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Raubold House is a house in the United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Milton Ulladulla Times is a newspaper in Australia that was established on 01 January 1878.
Hemlock Overlook Regional Park is a Regional park in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Hot Air is a blog that was founded on 01 January 2006 and is owned by Salem Media Group.
Murray Goodwin played for the Western Australia cricket team at some unknown start time and finished at some unknown end time.
The 1952 Bulgarian Cup Final was an association football match in Bulgaria.
The Concordia Choir was founded on 01 January 1920 and is a choir from the United States.
Queen Village is a neighborhood in Philadelphia, United States.
The New England Riptide is a baseball team from the United States.
Hirendranath Mukherjee received the Padma Vibhushan award, which he received at some point in time, for his work in the field of work.
John Dawkins served as the Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
Sargis Hovsepyan was born in Yerevan, which is located in an administrative territorial entity, and is a country.
Matthias Minder was a member of Neuchâtel Xamax FCS, starting at an unspecified point in time.
Giuseppe Favalli played for the Italy national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Tamatoa Wagemann played for the Tahiti national football team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Fork River is an unincorporated area in Manitoba, Canada.
Ravinia Festival is a festival in Illinois, United States.
Vladislav Uzunov played for FC Dimitrovgrad from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Aurel Guga played for CSM Lugoj, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Richard Landis is the producer of the song \"First Time Caller\" which was followed by \"Tell Me True\". The song was written after \"What Can I Do with My Heart\".
Luis Fernando Fuentes is a member of Club Universidad Nacional, and his time with the team started at an unspecified time.
The Kalabhra dynasty was succeeded by the Pallava dynasty and the Chera dynasty. The Kalabhra dynasty's capital is Puhar, Nagapattinam.
Valeriy Palamarchuk played for MFC Mykolaiv at some point in time and presumably stopped playing for the team at a later time.
Austria participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985 in Austria.
KZDY is a radio station located in Cawker City, Kansas, United States.
Ted Kord was portrayed by Wil Wheaton.
The College of Engineering Roorkee is an engineering school in India that was established in 1998.
Cloudy Bay Vineyards, a winery in New Zealand, was established in 1985.
Makoto Segawa played for Fukushima FC, with a start time and an end time.
The Pennsylvania Railroad class E3c was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad, introduced in an unknown start time and retired in an unknown end time.
Continental Air Services, Inc is an airline from the United States that was established in 1950.
Golden Triangle is a Census-designated place in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
The Rosenhang Museum in Germany is a museum that was established on 01 January 2017.
Elfia ( festival ) is a festival in the Netherlands that was established in 2001.
Dmitri Bayda played for FC Dynamo Barnaul, he started playing for them and stopped playing for them.
Frank Seator has played for the Liberia national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Birkenhead Grange Lane railway station is a train station in Birkenhead, United Kingdom.
Dimension Films is owned by The Walt Disney Company. It was acquired by The Walt Disney Company at an unknown start time and was divested by The Walt Disney Company at an unknown end time.
Luisa Via Roma is headquartered in Florence, which is the location where the company was founded.
Billy Celeski played for the Australia national soccer team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Child, Youth and Family in New Zealand is a government agency which was created in 1999. The Ministry of Social Development is the parent organization of Child, Youth and Family ( New Zealand ).
The State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan is a business established on 29 December 1999 in Baku.
Michael Nyqvist and Tintin Anderzon are both in the cast of the Swedish film Tic Tac.
Edward S. Feldman is the producer of Moon of the Wolf, which was edited by Richard Halsey and originated from the United States.
Khalkanlu is a village in Iran, located in Razavi Khorasan Province.
Lars Toborg played for FC Bremerhaven, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ariadna Shengelaya is a human being who received the People's artist of the Georgian SSR award. She is married to Eldar Shengelaia.
Edith Clarke graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
DrQueue is a free software application that uses animation and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Jochen Rindt and Team Lotus were the winners of the 1970 Formula One season.
Rony Flores is a member of Sud América. The start time and end time of Rony Flores' involvement with Sud América is unknown.
Dawid Plizga played for GKS Katowice from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zakari Lambo played for VfR Mannheim. The start time and end time are not specified.
David Grimaldi ( soccer ) played for the Cleveland Cobras from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zhang Shichang played for the China national under-23 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Carlos Garrido was a member of Club Universidad de Chile, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Casiano Delvalle played for Shonan Bellmare, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Henrik Larsson played for the Sweden national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov was born in Koshki, Samara Oblast, which is located in the administrative territorial entity and is a part of Russia.
Luigi Rizzi ( footballer ) played for A.C. Legnano from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kyle Segebart played for the Cincinnati Kings, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Tim Gutberlet played for FC Bayern Munich II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mistake Bay is a bay located in Nunavut, Canada.
ASTM F883 is an ASTM standard, published by ASTM International in English.
Pavel Kirylchyk played for FC Karpaty Lviv from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Caramba (band) is a pop music band from Sweden. They are a rock and pop band.
Scarlett Johansson won the Theatre World Award for her work.
The Dăncilă Cabinet in Romania is a Cabinet of Romania that was established on 29 January 2018.
The 2018 Parry Sound District municipal elections were a municipal election in Canada.
The Department of Water and Sanitation in South Africa is a Ministry of Water Resources that was established on 01 January 1912.
KZWV is a radio station in the United States, located in Eldon, Missouri.
KSJI is a radio station in the United States, located in St. Joseph, Missouri.
Furius ISO Mount is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License. It is available for Linux.
Phadia is a business established in 1971 in Uppsala.
Avi Tikva played for the Israel national under-18 football team, which started at some point and finished at some other point.
Hugo Rodrigues Imbelloni played for Ituano FC at some point in time, starting and ending at unknown times.
Kau Kee Restaurant is a restaurant in Hong Kong, China.
Barkhamsted Center Historic District is a historic district in Barkhamsted, Connecticut, United States.
Moggy Hollow Natural Area is a protected area in New Jersey, United States.
The Bronx County Hall of Justice is a Courthouse located in New York, United States.
Adam Fogt is a midfielder who plays for the Denmark national football team and is a human being.
Nakuru County Council is a government in Nakuru, Kenya.
The South Cuyama Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
Uco District is a district in Peru, located in the Huari Province.
Tadej Valjavec rode for the UAE Team Emirates from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Downtown St. Catharines is a central business district in Ontario, Canada.
Cliff Marshall played for the Miami Toros, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The LSWR 46 class was operated by the London and South Western Railway from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Uttoxeter Rural is a civil parish in East Staffordshire, United Kingdom.
Yuji Sakakura played for Nagoya Grampus from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Stanislav Buchnev played for FC Angusht Nazran from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Granite School District is a school district in the United States, located in Utah.
Sattley is a census-designated place in Sierra County, California, United States.
Poprad Landscape Park is located in Poland and is categorized as a Protected Landscape/Seascape in the IUCN category V.
Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is a school district located in Gary, Indiana, United States.
The Lower Rhine Cup, a sports festival for association football, was established in 1980.
Reinhard Roder was a member of the 1. FC Köln football team, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
The ICGA Journal, a periodical literature in the English language, was founded on 01 January 1977.
Felipe Rodriguez ( soccer ) played for Colorado Rapids from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Westfield News is a newspaper published in Westfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Sergiu Homei played for FC Academica Clinceni, he started playing for FC Academica Clinceni, and he stopped playing for FC Academica Clinceni.
The 2011 Turkish Grand Prix was won by Sebastian Vettel, who started from pole position, and the fastest lap was set by Mark Webber.
Nishi-Agano Station is adjacent to Agano Station, is connected to Agano Station, and is located towards Agano Station.
Erald Turdiu was a member of the KF Tirana team, and his stint with the team started and ended at some point.
Dzmitry Turlin started playing for FC Gorodeya and finished playing for FC Gorodeya.
Giacomo Bindi played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné played for Hertha BSC II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Shyam Benegal won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English for his work.
The British Rail Class 33 was manufactured by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company from 1958 to 1962.
The Houston Rockets play their home games at Pechanga Arena, which has a start time and an end time.
Wuxtry Records is a record shop in Athens, Georgia that was established in March 1976.
Akash Lal is a human being from India and is a member of the Patiala cricket team.
Datunlu East station is adjacent to Anlilu station. Anlilu station is a connecting line for Datunlu East station. Datunlu East station is towards Anlilu station.
The original language of the film Rocky Road to Dublin is English. The film is set in Dublin and the director of photography is Raoul Coutard.
Colin McFadyean played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on  and ended it on.
Oleksandr Golovash was a member of the Kolss Cycling Team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Frederic M. Wheelock was employed at Haverford College from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Jyri Häkämies has a Master's degree. He was educated at a point in time for his Master's degree.
Nina Paw won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress for her work.
The Pointer Sisters won the American Music Award for Favorite Soul / R&B Band / Duo / Group twice.
Manuel Torres Pastor played for Real Madrid CF, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The Alice Okolo Bridge in Nigeria is a bridge that was established on 01 September 2015.
Betsy Hassett played for SC Sand, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Marko Lepik played for the Estonia national football team, starting and ending at unknown times.
Alain Lorieux was a member of FC Grenoble, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Nels Stewart won the Hart Memorial Trophy at some point in time, and it was also at some point in time.
Nutt Bluff is a cliff located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the continent of Antarctica.
The Red Stick International Animation Festival is a film festival in the United States that was established in 2005.
Fabio Nigro is a member of the Estudiantes de La Plata team. The start time of his involvement with Estudiantes de La Plata is unknown. The end time of his involvement with Estudiantes de La Plata is also unknown.
James Thorpe (cricketer) played for Sussex County Cricket Club, whose career began at an unspecified start time and ended at an unspecified end time.
Josh Wagenaar played for the Canada men's national soccer team at some point in time, but the exact start and end times are not specified.
Kana Ichikawa, who comes from Japan, competed at the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships. She graduated from Chukyo University.
Baja Broadband, a subsidiary of US Cable, is located in Alamogordo, New Mexico. The company's main business is broadband internet.
Lindenbergh Francisco da Silva was a member of Vila Nova Futebol Clube, starting and ending at unknown times.
Scott D. Malkin is the son of Peter L. Malkin. He is also known as Scott and attended Harvard Business School.
Alexandros Pagalis played for Ethnikos Assia FC at some point in time, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Ariel Santana played for Deportivo Saprissa from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
David Steinman, a human being, is named David and graduated from Columbia University.
Rudy Jansen played for SV Spakenburg from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
William McLeod (footballer) played for the Scotland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sergei Bragin played for JK Tallinna Sadam from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Guillermo Burdisso is a member of Club El Porvenir. The start time and end time for his membership in Club El Porvenir are not specified.
Huang Bo won the Asian Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work.
The Lost Get Found is the English language song from the United States. It was followed by the song Walk on the Water.
André De Nul played for the Belgium national football team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Peter Bradley played for the Minor Counties of English and Welsh cricket from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Amancio Amaro was the winner of the Pichichi Trophy at some point in time, and that point in time was also when he won the Pichichi Trophy.
The 1996 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament was an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament, which took place in 1996 and was a baseball event.
Heath Pearce played for F.C. Hansa Rostock from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Frank Arnesen is a member of Fremad Amager, and he started and ended his time with the team.
Sergio Campano Franco was a member of Sporting Villanueva Promesas from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Ministry of Communication Equipment Industry was established in 1946 in the Soviet Union and dissolved in 1989.
Cezary Kucharski played for FC Aarau, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Konzertmusik for Brass and String Orchestra is a musical composition by Paul Hindemith, published in 1930.
Gino Coutinho played for ADO Den Haag, he began his career in an unknown start time and finished his career in an unknown end time.
Kevin Spacey won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work.
Joel Huiqui is a footballer from Mexico. His involvement with the Mexico national football team started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
The film Journey to Space was released in the United States on February 13th 2015.
Michael Paulsen played for SK Brann from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Kevin Stevens was born in the United States and graduated from Boston College. He played for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Danny Wintjens played for FC Twente, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Scott Hookey played for the Tasmania cricket team. The team started and ended with Scott Hookey.
SynfiniWay is a software application for Microsoft Windows developed by Fujitsu.
Charleston Battery play in the United Soccer League. The start time is not specified and the end time is not specified.
Angel Chervenkov played for PFC CSKA Sofia, with a start time and an end time.
Gino DiFlorio played for the Canada men's national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Waka Nathan played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting on an unknown date and finishing on an unknown date.
Shahid Afridi played for the Sindh cricket team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ricky Pinheiro played for SV Elversberg from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Matthias Withoos worked in Hoorn from 1650 to 1675.
Clem Wilson played for the England cricket team at some point in time and also played for the England cricket team at some other point in time.
Juan Bautista Agüero played for the Paraguay national football team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Asahikawa Station is adjacent to Kaguraoka Station, which is connected to it. Kaguraoka Station is towards Asahikawa Station.
The Sacramento Stealth, from the United States, is a baseball team.
Mário Moinhos has played for the Portugal national football team, which started and ended their career with the team.
Poor Richard's Almanack (TV series) is a television series in the English language.
Francisco Alcaraz (footballer) played for Club Nacional and was a participant in the 1986 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Nacional.
The International Journal of Operations & Production Management is a scientific journal, published in English, by Emerald Group Publishing.
Sid Page is a human being who plays the violin and performs jazz music.
José Antonio Reyes played for Extremadura UD. He started playing for Extremadura UD at an unknown time and stopped playing for Extremadura UD at an unknown time.
Arthur William Yager, whose given name is Arthur, is a human being and a member of the Australian Labor Party.
Toshitaka Kimura played for the Japan national rugby union team, which started and ended in an unspecified time.
Timo Nagy played for SV Wacker Burghausen II from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Marco Antonio Rojas is a member of A.D. Limonense, whose career with the team started and ended at some point in time.
Anastasia Anastasio is a human being with the given name Anastasia and the family name Anastasio.
Kyle Cumiskey played in the National Hockey League, which he played in from 2008 to 2014.
Francisco Silva is a Portuguese citizen who played for the Portugal national football team at some point in time.
Ali El-Omari was a member of Apollon Kalamarias, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Hallunda metro station is adjacent to Norsborg metro station, is connected to Norsborg metro station, and is in the direction of Norsborg metro station.
Mike Michaud attended Schenck High School, which is located somewhere, and graduated from there.
Leonardo Cilaurren was a member of Arenas Club de Getxo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Theofilos Kouroupis played for P.A.S. Korinthos, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Cho Hyun played for the Suwon Samsung Bluewings, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Milan Pecelj was a member of NK Brotnjo from the start until the end.
Samsung Lions, whose home ground is Daegu Samsung Lions Park, have Kim Han-soo as their head coach. The team's owner is Samsung Lions Ballpark.
Kim Dae-jung was the head of state of South Korea from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Mikel Pagola played for CD Badajoz.
Oliver Barth was a member of SC Freiburg from the start time to the end time.
Jack Hartshorne, a human being, has played for Macclesfield Town F.C. and Grantham Town F.C.
Erick Torres Padilla played for the Houston Dynamo, and his time with the team started at an unspecified time, which is also unknown.
The 1958 North Carolina Tar Heels football team was a sports season of a sports club that played American football in 1958.
Ken Catchpole played for the Australia national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Francis Popham (1573-1644) was a Member of the 1626 Parliament and a Member of the 1628-29 Parliament. He had a child named Alexander Popham.
Irvin Reyna played for the Honduras national under-20 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
UD Granadilla Tenerife is a Spanish association football club.
Bradley Cantrell was educated at the University of Kentucky. His given name is Bradley, and his family name is Cantrell.
Joseph Darst was the head of government in St. Louis, starting from an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
ITV Studios distributed the English language series The Raggy Dolls, which ended on 20 December 1994.
Wizards' Worlds is an edition of Wizards' Worlds, it is written in English and published by Tor Books.
Manuel Vicentini is a member of Club Atlético Sarmiento, and he started with the team, and was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
Korabi Stadium is a stadium in Albania and is owned by KF Korabi Peshkopi.
The Montreux Ladies Open is a tennis tournament held in Switzerland.
Dmitri Shestakov was a member of FC Sportakademklub Moscow, which started and ended at unknown times.
Zhengzhou South railway station is adjacent to Xinzheng Airport railway station, which is connected to Zhengzhou South railway station. Zhengzhou South railway station is towards Xinzheng Airport railway station.
Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers was a business that was founded in 1977 and dissolved in 2012.
The Northern Railway Stadium is a cricket field in India, it was opened in 1976.
Arijan Ademi played for GNK Dinamo Zagreb, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Dudu Georgescu was a member of the AS Progresul București team. His time with AS Progresul București started at some point and ended at some point.
The Intel X58 chip is manufactured by Intel and is different from Tylersburg, Pennsylvania.
Ricardo Sanabria is the name of a player for the Paraguay Olympic football team who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The San Pedro Mezquital River, which is located in Mexico, flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The SIGCOMM Award was established in 1989 and is awarded by the SIGCOMM.
Enrique Vera played for C.D. Olmedo, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The film Babai is from France and was produced by Nicole Gerhards. The film is in Albanian.
John Rafferty was a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election, was a member of a parliamentary group in the 2015 Canadian federal election, and ran in the 2015 Canadian federal election for an electoral district.
The EMD TR1 was operated by the Illinois Central Railroad from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Scouting and Guiding in Latvia is a subcategory of Scouting, which is a subcategory of Girl Guides. The main category is Category:Scouting and Guiding in Latvia.
Gualtiero Driussi was a citizen of Italy, whose career started on 25 December 1893 and ended on 11 April 1976.
Earl Jaques Jr. was a legislator and started his term as a legislator of something.
Goopy Bagha Phire Elo is a Bengali language film from India and is a sequel to Hirak Rajar Deshe.
Matt Burke is a member of the New South Wales Waratahs, but the start and end times are unknown.
Edward C. Noonan, known as Edward, attended American River College. He is a member of the American Independent Party.
Henry of Huntingdon is known for his notable work, Historia Anglorum, which he wrote in Latin.
Charles Holden worked for the Underground Electric Railways Company of London from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Melissa Barbieri played for Richmond SC at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
The Harbor Freeway station, which is connected to the Green Line of the Los Angeles Metro, was opened on August 12, 1995. It is located adjacent to the Vermont/Athens station.
Samir Aliyev played for the Azerbaijan national football team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Jan Gratama worked in Delft at two unspecified points in time.
Anatoliy Burlin played for FC Sevastopol from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Spiros Livathinos played for Pezoporikos Larnaca FC, which he joined at some unknown start time and left at some unknown end time.
Sebastian Mannström played for the Finland national football team.
Chan Chi Hong played for Hong Kong Rangers FC, he began his career in [start time] and finished his career in [end time].
Otto Graf Lambsdorff, a member of the Lambsdorff family, was awarded the Officer of the Legion of Honour and the Order of the Rising Sun.
The film Taras Bulba (1909) features the character Taras Bulba and is based on the work by Nikolai Gogol, also titled Taras Bulba.
Ilya Maksimov played for FC Kuban Krasnodar, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Claire Préaux worked at the Université libre de Bruxelles until an unspecified end time and earned an academic degree at the Université libre de Bruxelles.
Federico Rizzi started his career with A.S. Pizzighettone, and he ended it with A.S. Pizzighettone.
Deepak Chahar is a member of the Rajasthan Royals, which started and ended at an unspecified time.
Ezequiel Maggiolo was a member of Club Atletico Los Andes from the start time to the end time.
Matteo Tomei played for A.S.D. Union Quinto, his time with the team started and ended.
John Gordon A'Bear played for the British and Irish Lions, who toured Australia from 25 May 1966 to 8 July 1966.
The GNR Class J23 was manufactured by Doncaster Works and was built between 1898 and 1902.
Igor Surovikin was a member of the PFC CSKA Moscow team at some point in time, and his time with the team had a start and an end.
Alexandru Vagner was a member of the CS Concordia Chiajna team, starting and ending at some point.
Anatoliy Yurevich was the coach of FC Ordabasy.
Birdie is a novel written by Tracey Lindberg, published in 2015.
David Campbell (footballer) played for the Northern Ireland national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Robert Ogilvie played for the England national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Luigi Radice played for the Italy national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Thirumoorthy hills are located in the administrative territory of Tamil Nadu, India, on the continent of Asia.
Franz Hofer, a German footballer, represented the Germany national football team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Arturo Velazco played for the Wichita Wings from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Sabir Khamzin played for FC FShM Torpedo Moscow, starting and ending at unknown times.
The Spread of the Eagle is a television series from the United Kingdom directed by Peter Dews.
Francesco Zucchetti comes from Italy, where he started his sporting career on 1 January 1965 and ended it on 1 January 1965.
Allen J. Bard won the Priestley Medal at some point in time, and that was also at some point in time.
Javier Farinós played for Inter Milan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Markus Henriksen played for Rosenborg BK, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Karl Zsigmondy was born in Vienna. Vienna is his country of birth.
Joe Gyau is a member of Borussia Dortmund, and he started playing for the team, as well as for Borussia Dortmund II.
Finglas is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland, which has Dublin Airport as its border.
Mathare Youth F.C. is a football club that plays Association football and their home ground is the Ruaraka Stadium.
Julius Wobay played for Khazar Lankaran FK, he started his career with them and ended it with them.
Manuel Benthin played for Berliner FC Dynamo, started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The International Catholic Conference of Scouting is an association that was founded by Mario di Carpegna in 1948.
Tomken station is operated by MiWay and is located on the Mississauga Transitway. It is adjacent to Dixie station (MiWay).
Mike Gansey played for the West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
José Luis Oltra is a member of the Levante UD team. His time with Levante UD started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Mikhail Komkov played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, his team, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gustavo Villarruel played for Club Atlético Colón at the start and end of his tenure with the team.
Sid Ramin won a Daytime Emmy Award for his work at some point in time.
The Hill Fire is a wildfire in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy played for PFC Navbahor Namangan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Dominic Cervi was a member of the United States men's national under-23 soccer team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
James W. Coleman was employed at Georgetown College from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The GWR River Class was operated by the Great Western Railway from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The River Duag, which is a river in the Republic of Ireland, flows into the River Suir.
Krum Milev was a member of the FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia team, which started and ended at some unknown times.
Andray Baptiste played for the Grenada national football team at the start and end of a match.
Orjan Xhemalaj is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Kamza.
The architect of the Louisiana State Capitol is Leon C. Weiss. The building is in the Art Deco architectural style. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pablo Lavandeira was born in Montevideo. He played for Montevideo Wanderers F.C. at some point in his career, starting and ending at unknown times.
Minabo Asechemie played for the Nigeria national football team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Alberto Zapater played for Sporting CP from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Aleksandr Storozhuk played for FC Metallurg Lipetsk, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Kyushu Soccer League was founded in 1973 in Japan. Its main sport is Association football.
Anita Baker won the Soul Train Music Award for Best Song of the Year for her work at that time.
Myron Waldman was a docent at some point in time, and was a docent for an employer.
Kantemir Berkhamov played for FC Lokomotiv Kaluga, joining in an unknown start time and leaving in an unknown end time.
Jason Campbell played for the Oakland Raiders at some point in time, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
The British Museum Act 1832 is an Act of Parliament in the UK. The Act was passed in 1832 and is now in the public domain.
Orkus Presents the Best of 2000 is a compilation album of electronic music, released in 2000.
José Araquistáin played for Real Sociedad, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gustavo Pinedo has played for Club Blooming. His time with Club Blooming started at an unspecified time and ended at an unspecified time.
Andy Gruenebaum is a human being who represents the United States and played for the Des Moines Menace.
Dmitry Lyapkin was a member of the PFC CSKA Moscow team, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Alfred Aston started his career at Angers SCO and ended his career at Angers SCO.
Gerhard Siedl played for FC Basel, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Frederiksstaden is located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark. The main category for Frederiksstaden is Frederiksstaden.
Mardyke is an association football club from the Republic of Ireland, which is associated with the sport of Association football.
Vittorio Mancini was awarded the Crawford Medal at some point in time, and it was awarded to him together with someone else.
John Dinkota was a member of the Montreal Impact Academy from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Ivan Konovalov played for FC Amkar Perm, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Sairaj Bahutule played for the India national cricket team, which started and ended at some unspecified times.
Oleh Koshelyuk played for FC Dnipro Cherkasy from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Alberto Piccinini played for A.S. Roma, starting from an unknown time, and ending his time with the team at an unknown time.
Ryoichi Maeda played for the Japan national under-23 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Tom Hall (cricketer, born 1930) played for Somerset County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Maude Clarke was the Vice-principal from an unknown start time.
Bluefish is a free software application for Microsoft Windows that uses the GTK GUI toolkit. The software is released under the GNU General Public License.
Jan van Schijndel was a member of the Netherlands national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Daniel Correa Freitas is a member of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas. He started with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas and ended with Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas.
Alyaksandr Kulchy played for FC Irtysh Pavlodar and started and ended his tenure with the team.
Mauricio Salles played for the Rochester Rhinos from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Amanda Butler is the employer of the Charlotte 49ers and held a position with the Charlotte 49ers and held a position with the Charlotte 49ers.
Annabel Digance was a candidate in the 2010 Australian federal election, representing an electoral district.
David Ariel Mendieta was a member of Club Sportivo San Lorenzo, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Carlo Alberto D'Albertis was a citizen of Italy, he began his career in Italy on 28 June 1843 and ended it on 20 July 1932.
Bechara Oliveira played for Aalesunds FK from the start until the end.
Lutong Airport, an airport, is located in Miri, Malaysia.
Omonigho Temile played for the Nigeria national under-17 football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Useless Keys is an alternative rock band from the United States.
The Five Boro Bike Tour, which is a road bicycle racing event, was founded in the United States in 1977.
The 1978 European Tour was a golf season that took place in 1978.
Alejandro Lago played for the Uruguay national under-17 football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Joan Tower was awarded the Grawemeyer Award at some point in time. She also received the Grawemeyer Award (Music Composition) at some point in time.
Luke O'Dea (footballer) was a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team, which started and ended at some point in time.
Scott S. Sheppard discovered the moon Valetudo in 2016. It is named after Valetudo.
Poul Erik Andreasen was a member of Aalborg Boldspilklub at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
Paulo Vitor played for Brasília Futebol Clube, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Ricardo Alonso played for the Jacksonville Generals, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Romain Martial was a member of RC Narbonne from start to end.
The Corona Borealis Supercluster, named after Corona Borealis, is in the constellation Corona Borealis.
Flying Nun Records is a part of Mushroom Group, but the start and end times of this relationship are unknown.
Arnal Llibert played for Elche CF, starting at some unknown time and ending at some unknown time.
G. Rollie White Downs is a horse racing venue in the United States, where horse racing takes place.
Brian Haynes ( footballer ) played for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The 1958 Claxton Shield was a baseball season that took place in 1958.
Tony Cascio played for Orlando City SC, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Robert von Haug worked in Stuttgart from 1900 to 1901.
Artyom Yenin played for FC Dynamo Vologda, starting at some unknown time and finishing at some unknown time.
Adonis Hilario is a member of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Andreas Hilfiker, a human, plays in the Bundesliga for FC Luzern.
Vurlon Mills played for Fruta Conquerors FC from start time to end time.
Xhevdet Muriqi played for HNK Rijeka, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Junction is a single-player video game developed by Micronet Co., Ltd. and published by Micronet Co., Ltd.
Howard Nicholls, a human being, was educated at Hereford Cathedral School and played for Cardiff RFC.
Leonidas Kampantais played for Arminia Bielefeld, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Espen Olsen played for Hamarkameratene, the team started at an unknown start time and ended at an unknown end time.
Gadi Eizenkot commanded the Northern Command (Israel) from an unspecified start time to an unspecified end time.
Sofia Jakobsson is a member of the Montpellier HSC team, and her playing career with the team started at an unknown time, and also started at an unknown time with the women's team.
Markus Lanz is in a relationship with Birgit Schrowange, starting from an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Samantha Nutt is a human being. She graduated from McMaster University. Samantha Nutt is married to Eric Hoskins.
Eloy Matos played for the Puerto Rico national football team, which started and finished in unknown time periods.
LaGrange is the capital of Troup County, Georgia. LaGrange is also located within Troup County, Georgia. Troup County, Georgia shares a border with Randolph County, Alabama.
Kevin Boroevich played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Lucas Melano is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano. He started and ended his career with the club.
Scott Waldrom played for the New Zealand national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Erik de Haan played for AFC Ajax at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
Diego Rangel played for Real Madrid Castilla from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The architect of Fernmeldeturm Mannheim is Erwin Heinle and it's a restaurant made of reinforced concrete.
Evandro Adauto da Silva is a member of Club Athletico Paranaense, starting and ending at unknown times.
Lumière and Company was directed by Régis Wargnier and Helma Sanders-Brahms and originates from Sweden.
Mike Johanns graduated from Saint Mary's University of Minnesota.
Xan (vodka) is a drink manufactured by Vinagro and was created in 2006.
Ernie George played for the Wales national rugby union team, which began its career and ended it.
The 1963 Mediterranean Grand Prix, a sporting event, was held on 18 August 1963 and was won by John Surtees.
Nagoda is a human settlement in Sri Lanka. It is also the same as Nagoda.
The Tale of Tiffany Lust was originally published in the United States in English. It was distributed by VCA Pictures.
Dmitri Prokopenko played for FC Torpedo Moscow from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Zhao Zhenkui is a male diplomat and a human.
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye, a Hindi film, originates from India and was produced by D.V.S. Raju.
The KTM 1290 Super Adventure is a KTM Adventure motorcycle model manufactured by KTM.
Sandrine Gruda played for the Los Angeles Sparks, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Shener Remzi played for FC Dunav Ruse from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Arthur Wilson (rugby union) played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career on an unknown start time and ended it on an unknown end time.
Waldemar Ksienzyk played for Wuppertaler SV from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Louis Bimpson played for A.F.C. Bournemouth, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Pepe Aicart played for Pontevedra CF, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Javier Casas played for CD Basconia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The MacArthur Bridge (Manila) is a bridge that is located in the Philippines and crosses the Pasig River.
The Ultimate Clip Collection is a film. It was released in 2003. The Ultimate Clip Collection is classified as a Rock music film.
Jeff Zatkoff played for the Los Angeles Kings, he began his career with the Los Angeles Kings and finished his career with the Los Angeles Kings.
Sean Hardman played for the Australia national rugby union team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Vitali Kulyov played for FC Volgar Astrakhan from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Summit League includes Cleveland State Vikings; they joined in 2013 and left in 2017.
Eduard Janota was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Adriano Durante was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Hubert Ashton played for the Marylebone Cricket Club, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Mario Riccoboni was a citizen of Italy, he started working in Italy on 18 June 1946 and ended his career in Italy on 21 September 1984.
German submarine U-734 was operated by the Kriegsmarine, which began operations on and ended on.
The novel, The Bride of Newgate, written in English, was published by Hamish Hamilton and is set in London.
Adam Pardy, a human, plays in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres.
Dagil is a member of C.D. Trofense, and has participated in the team's start and end times.
Magdy Atwa is a human being who plays as a midfielder for ENPPI SC.
Yolanda Griffith played for the Chicago Condors from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Adrian Petre played for the Romania national under 17 football team, which started and ended at unknown times.
Luciano Leggio was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1925 and ended on 18 June 1946.
Carlos Fernandes (born 1978), a footballer, played for C.F. Os Belenenses, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Gazoline is a rock and pop band from Canada. Their genre is Rock music.
Moley Robotics is a company founded in 2015.
Govert van der Leeuw worked in Lyon from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
John Piercy played for the England national under 20's football team from the start time to the end time.
Sandra Betschart played for FC Yverdon Féminin from start time to end time.
Huang Shen is a surname of Huang Shen. He is a member of the National Gallery of Victoria. Huang Shen works in Yangzhou.
Tully Bevilaqua was a participant in the 2010 FIBA World Championship for Women. She was awarded the Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award. Tully Bevilaqua's profession is human.
Ioannis Simosis played for Adelaide Olympic FC at an unknown start time and an unknown end time.
Pio Campa was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which began on 17 March 1861 and ended on 13 July 1946.
Kliment Nastoski played for FK Metalurg Skopje at the start and end of a season.
The Southlanders are a vocal group that was formed in 1950 and has Harold Wilmot as one of its members.
Fort Belle Fontaine is a part of Fort Belle Fontaine County Park, which is a park located in the United States.
Leonora Carrington was commemorated by a Google Doodle, which marked a specific point in time.
The 1989 Mexican Grand Prix was won by Ayrton Senna. Ayrton Senna started from pole position. The fastest lap was set by Nigel Mansell.
Vittorio Matteo Corcos worked in Naples, starting from an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Thomas Schmit played for the Luxembourg national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Eugen Beza played for FC Forex Brașov from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Petr Rada is the head coach of AC Sparta Prague. The start and end times of Petr Rada's tenure as head coach of AC Sparta Prague are not specified.
The River Detectives are a rock music duo that were formed in 1985.
Harry Smith, who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, was a cricketer born in 1886.
MetroJazz Records is a record label from the United States that specializes in jazz music.
David Brcic played for the Los Angeles Lazers, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Herlev station is adjacent to Skovlunde station, is on the same line as Skovlunde station, and is located towards Skovlunde station.
Eusébio played for the Boston Minutemen from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
AFC Ajax play at Het Houten Stadion; they started playing there and still play there.
Michael Eneramo started playing for Ettifaq FC and ended playing for Ettifaq FC.
Lucien is a rock and pop band from Stockholm that was formed in 2004.
Scott Allan is a player for West Bromwich Albion FC and Birmingham City FC. He participated in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership.
Melitopol is the capital of Melitopol Raion.
Alberto D'Aversa was born in Italy, and he started his career in Italy on 1 January 1969. He ended his career in Italy on 1 January 2000.
Georges Lamia is a citizen of France. Georges Lamia played for the France national football team from 1924 to 1925.
Javier Ballesteros was a member of the Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa, starting at an unknown time and leaving at an unknown time.
Securitate was chaired by Iulian Vlad and was dissolved in 1990. Securitate's parent organization was the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Romania.
Lee Ramoon is a member of the Porthmadog F.C. and chairperson. Lee Ramoon is also a human being.
Sylvain Armand played for the France national under-21 football team from start to end.
The Retina display, a type of electronic visual display, was created in June 2010. It is named after the Retina.
Jonathan Joseph-Augustin played for K.S.K. Beveren, joined K.S.K. Beveren at an unknown start time and left K.S.K. Beveren at an unknown end time.
Johnny Martin (cricketer) played for the Australia national cricket team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Michael Mio Nielsen was a member of the Denmark national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Jim Davidson, born in 1931, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started and ended on unknown dates.
Mike Seamon played for Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC from start to end.
Ruud Geels played for the Netherlands national football team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Toninho Dos Santos played for Club Puebla, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Liverpool Blue Coat School, founded by Bryan Blundell, is located in Wavertree and was established on 1 March 2012.
Margaret Kennard graduated from Cornell University.
Ettore Marcelino Dominguez played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Jimmy Estacio played for Deportivo Cali from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Omar Pérez played for CD Castellón, started at an unknown time, and ended at an unknown time.
Scouting and Guiding in Spain is a subclass of Scouting and is a subclass of Girl Guides. The main category of Scouting and Guiding in Spain is Category:Scouting and Guiding in Spain.
Johnny Aitkenhead played for the Scottish Football League XI, which started and ended in an unspecified time.
Jody Hice studied at the Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, graduating with a degree.
Teruaki Kurobe played for Cerezo Osaka, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
William Amaral de Andrade played for SD Compostela, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Paul Brannen, who is from the City of Brussels, speaks English, the native language of Paul Brannen.
Lome Fa'atau played for the Samoa national rugby union team, which started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
The Mathabhanga River, which has the tributary Nabaganga River, is in Bangladesh.
The Officers' Mess was originally published in English and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Basil Emmott was the director of photography.
Junior Flemmings played for the Tampa Bay Rowdies, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Buckhurst Hill tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station, is on the line connecting to Loughton tube station, and is in the direction towards Loughton tube station.
Upfield railway station is adjacent to Campbellfield railway station, is on the connecting line to Campbellfield railway station, and is towards Campbellfield railway station.
Yuji Yaso played for Albirex Niigata, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Yehor Klymenchuk played for FC Kolos Kovalivka from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Njogu Demba-Nyrén played for Falu FK at some point, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Edward Holder is a human being who plays as a winger for Wigan Warriors.
Madame Courage originates from Algeria, is set in Algeria, and was originally released in Arabic.
Raimond van der Gouw was a member of SBV Vitesse, starting and ending at an unspecified time.
Robert Pintenat played for Toulouse FC from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
First Niagara Bank, whose stock is traded on Nasdaq, is a bank that was founded in Lockport, New York.
Aldo Andreotti was a citizen of Italy, he started working in Italy on 18 June 1916 and ended his career in Italy on 12 May 1999.
The song "The Coffee Song" was performed by Frank Sinatra and was released in 1946.
The Halos are a rock and pop band from the United States. Their musical genre is Doo-wop.
Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey is a video game developed by Panache Digital Games for the Microsoft Windows platform. The game was published by Private Division and is available on the Epic Games Store.
The Aero Boero AB-115 is an aircraft family from Argentina. It is manufactured and developed by Aero Boero. The Aero Boero AB-115 is based on the Aero Boero AB-95.
China United Airlines was founded in 1986 and its headquarters are in Beijing. The airline is based in China and its hub is Beijing Nanyuan Airport.
Yahoo! Finance, a website created by Yahoo!, was launched in 1998.
Paul Newman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in The Color of Money.
The Veazie Dam is located in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The dam is in the Penobscot River basin.
Quillayute Airport, which is an airport located in Washington, United States, was established on January 9, 1943, and serves the area of Forks, Washington.
Howdens Joinery is a business (a company) founded in 1995. The company is located in London. It is in the furniture industry and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Jaime Alvar Ezquerra has a sibling named Manuel Alvar Ezquerra. His father is Manuel Alvar. Jaime Alvar Ezquerra also has siblings named Antonio Alvar Ezquerra and Alfredo Alvar. The second name in his Spanish name is Ezquerra.
The Amazing Spider-Man 129 is a comic book published on February 1, 1974. It was written by Gerry Conway and is part of The Amazing Spider-Man series. The colorist was Dave Hunt (artist).
Instabug is a dot-com company founded in 2012 by Omar Gabr in Egypt. Y Combinator is the investor of Instabug.
KQTZ is a radio station in Hobart, Oklahoma, United States. The station was established in 1979.
The Beeghly Center, which is located in Ohio, United States, was inaugurated on 2 December 1972. The building is occupied by Youngstown State University.
The Igede language is a modern language, spoken in Nigeria, and is indigenous to both Ebonyi State and Cross River State.
Middle Aston is a village and civil parish in the Cherwell District, in the United Kingdom. It is bordered by North Aston.
The George C. Reifel Migratory Bird Sanctuary in Delta, British Columbia, Canada was established in 1967. It is operated by the Canadian Wildlife Service and is included in the list of Migratory Bird Sanctuaries of Canada.
Audrey Hepburn won the Academy Award for Best Actress for Roman Holiday.
Times Beach, Missouri, United States was founded in 1925. It is a ghost town and an abandoned village, located in Missouri.
The Millen Range is a mountain range in the Victory Mountains, Antarctica. Its highest point is Mount Aorangi. It is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Mac Steeves, a United States citizen, plays for Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer. He is a forward for the team.
Atanas Angelov is a canoeist from Bulgaria. He is a man. Atanas Angelov is a human being.
The company AlterGeo, whose main language is Russian, was founded in Moscow, Russia in July 2008.
Pahit-Pahit Manis is an Indonesian language film from Indonesia, directed by L. Inata and released in 1952.
Patricia Arquette won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Boyhood.
The Staples Center, designed by NBBJ, is home to the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Sparks. It is an ice hockey venue and was opened on 17 October 1999.
Freeport, Maine is located in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. It is a town of the United States and was founded on February 14th, 1789. The main category of Freeport, Maine is Category:Freeport, Maine.
Eric Dalton, whose family name is Dalton, is a human being. Eric Dalton's given name is Eric and he is a member of the Essendon Football Club. He speaks English.
The song 'Ojuelegba', performed by Wizkid, is part of the Afrobeat genre of music. The song was produced by Legendury Beatz.
The 2014 Sport 1 Open, an instance of The Hague Open, a tennis tournament edition, was held in the Netherlands in 2014.
Ju Kwon is a human being who plays baseball. He is a member of the KT Wiz team and specializes as a pitcher. He attended Cheongju High School.
Con brio by Jörg Widmann is a musical composition that was published in 2008 by Schott Music. It is a concert overture.
Tamarin is a free software application written in C++. It was created by Adobe Inc. and is distributed under the Mozilla Public License.
The 1976 Oregon State Beavers American football team was a season of the Oregon State Beavers in the United States.
The Institute for Computational Cosmology is a research institute located in Durham, England, United Kingdom, and was established in 2002.
The Memorial Tournament was founded in 1976 and is located in Ohio, United States. It is a golf tournament.
Henry Ware Jr. is a human being. He was educated at Phillips Academy and Harvard University. His given name is Henry (given name). He works at Harvard University.
Basset Brook is a river in the state of New York, United States. It is located in New York. Basset Brook flows into the West Branch Delaware River, which is part of the Delaware River basin.
Bill Justis is the performer of the rock and roll instrumental Raunchy which was released in 1957 on Phillips International Records.
Barr Pharmaceuticals, a company in the pharmaceutical industry founded in 1970, is located in Montvale, New Jersey, Israel.
Sale High School is a foundation school and secondary school located in Sale, Greater Manchester, in the administrative territorial entity of Trafford, in the United Kingdom.
The Zavolzhye Engine Factory, an open joint-stock company, is a public company located in Zavolzhye, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, and was founded in 1958. It is owned by Sollers JSC.
La Grande Station is a train station in Downtown Los Angeles, United States. The station was opened on July 29, 1893 and closed on May 3, 1939.
Eduardo Risso, who is known as Eduardo, is a human who won the Yellow Kid award. The book Obalky knih.cz describes him as a human being.
The Museum of the City of Skopje is located in Skopje, North Macedonia. It was opened in 1949.
Pine Valley, New Jersey, United States, is in Camden County. It was created on 23 April 1929 and is a borough that borders Clementon, New Jersey.
The XV Venice Challenge Save Cup - Singles is a men's singles tennis event that is part of the XV Venice Challenge Save Cup and takes place in Italy.
West Ham station is adjacent to Plaistow tube station, which is connected to West Ham station and is in the direction towards Plaistow tube station, which is also connected to West Ham station.
The Wantagh Herald Citizen is a newspaper from the United States, specifically located in Wantagh, New York.
The 2013 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team, based in the United States, played American football during the 2013 season.
Tommy Roe is the performer of the pop rock single, Jam Up and Jelly Tight. It was released in 1970 on the ABC Records label.
Moorfields railway station is a train station located in Liverpool, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1977 and is operated by Merseyrail.
The Indonesian Basketball Association was founded in 1952. It is a sports governing body for basketball located in Jakarta, Indonesia.
St Peter's College, Auckland is a secondary school in Auckland Region, New Zealand. It was founded on 01 January 1939 and has an architectural style of Art Deco.
Kitchen Boss is a television series from the United States, it began airing on January 24, 2011 and ended on April 2, 2012. The series is presented by Buddy Valastro.
Aadmi Sadak Ka originates from India and is produced by Devendra Goel. The screenwriter of the film is Mushtaq Jalili and the cast includes Deven Verma. The film is in Hindi.
The film Croupier is set in London and is about Gambling. The film originates from the United States and the United Kingdom.
The 2013 season was the Australian rules football season for the Fremantle Football Club in Australia.
The John Charles Centre for Sport is a sports venue in Beeston, Leeds, United Kingdom. It is the home ground of Hunslet R.L.F.C. and is also used for rugby league.
The Sallisaw Municipal Airport is located in Oklahoma, United States. It is an airport and serves the transport hub of Sallisaw, Oklahoma, which is also the place it is named after.
ADESS AG is a business in Germany. It was founded in 2012. The company is located in Munich and operates in the automotive industry.
The National Museum of Bhutan is a national museum located in Paro, Bhutan. It was founded on 01 January 1968 in Bhutan.
Strange Advance is a synth pop band from Canada. They were formed in 1982 and are signed to the record label Capitol Records.
The book Platonic Theology (Ficino) is a Latin work from Italy written by Marsilio Ficino and published in 1482.
The South Franklin Street Historic District is located in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its architectural style is Greek Revival.
The 2016 Argentina Women's Hockey National Tournament was a women's sports event in Argentina that took place in 2016. It was a field hockey tournament, a type of sports festival.
Aldan Airport, located in Yakutia, Russia, is an airport. It is named after Aldan, Russia and serves the transport hub of Aldan, Russia.
The band Crunt is a rock and pop band, with Kat Bjelland as a member. The band was formed in Minneapolis, United States. The band's musical genre is alternative rock.
The Colorado Chill, a basketball team from the United States, was founded in 2003. They play at the Budweiser Events Center.
Frellstedt railway station is in Frellstedt, Germany. It is operated by DB Regio. It is a train station and is located adjacent to Helmstedt railway station.
Michael Deeley was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work.
The band Choro das 3 is a rock and pop band from Brazil, where the genre is Choro. One of the members is Lia Meyer Ferreira.
Business Academy Aarhus is a higher education institution in Aarhus Municipality, Denmark. It is a business school and was established in 2009.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the response. If you have new data, I'd be happy to help!
Esporte Clube Rio Verde, a Brazilian association football club, was founded on August 22, 1963. The head coach of Esporte Clube Rio Verde is Iranildo.
The NCC Class WT is a tank locomotive designed by George Ivatt. It was manufactured by Derby Works and operated by NI Railways. The wheel arrangement of the NCC Class WT is 2-6-4T.
Edith Hamilton wrote the book Mythology which was published in 1942 by Little, Brown and Company. The book is a work that covers the subject of Greek mythology.
WP 35 is a sports club in Finland that was founded in 1935. It is a bandy club and is based in Varkaus.
Furmanovsky District, a municipal district in Russia, is located in Ivanovo Oblast and has Furmanov, Ivanovo Oblast as its capital.
The South Jersey Times, a periodical literature, was published in the United States in 2012. It is owned by Advance Publications and the language used is English.
Kazhakam is a 1996 film from India, originally in Malayalam. It is a film.
John Ripple was born in Lexington, North Carolina. He is a human being and a male who plays American football.
Deep Run High School is a high school in Virginia, United States. It was established in 2002 in the Henrico County Public Schools district.
The LNWR Precedent Class is a 2-4-0 wheel arrangement tender locomotive designed by Francis Webb. It is operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and was manufactured at Crewe Works.
Johnny Two Shoes is a video game developer in the United Kingdom, founded on August 1, 2007. The company is located in London and operates within the video game industry.
The Transmitter Solt is an architectural structure in Solt, Hungary. It was built by Magyar Posta and was inaugurated on 10 January 1977.
The King's Cupboard is a Canadian television show which aired on CBC Television. It began airing on January 20, 1958 and ended on March 31st, 1958.
The Society of the Holy Child Jesus, named after the Christ Child, is a teaching order founded by Cornelia Connelly in England in 1846.
Sabari is an action film from India. The film is in the Tamil language and stars Vijayakanth. It was produced by Salem Chandrasekharan.
The DKW Munga is a car model from Germany manufactured by Auto Union, a company under the DKW brand. It is followed by the Volkswagen Iltis.
The song 'Waves' is a song. It was released in January 1983. It was performed by the band Blancmange and is part of the band Blancmange. It was produced by Mike Howlett.
Estadio Municipal de Marbella is a soccer-specific stadium in Marbella, Spain. It was created in 1975. The occupants of the stadium are Marbella FC.
Peoria is a city in Arizona, U.S. It was founded on June 7, 1954. Glendale is a city bordering Peoria.
The 2008-09 season of the Taca de Portugal was the season of association football. Taca de Portugal is a league in Portugal.
Design Flaws of the Human Condition is a novel written by Paul Schmidtberger, published on 01 January 2007, that is a literary work and is set in New York City.
North Mesquite High School in Texas (United States), was established in 1969. It is part of the Mesquite Independent School District.
Green Island FC is a football club from New Zealand. They are a football club, specifically playing association football. They were founded in 1896 and play in the FootballSouth Premier League.
Marcus Whitman Middle/High School is a high school located in New York (state), United States. It was established in 1971 and is part of the Marcus Whitman Central School District.
Langton Matravers is a village in the Purbeck District, United Kingdom, and is a civil parish.
Forchia is a comune in the province of Benevento, Italy. The capital of the comune is Forchia. Moiano is a bordering city of Forchia.
David Rittich, whose given name is David, is a goaltender and a member of BK Mladá Boleslav. His family name is Rittich and he is a human being.
Openclipart is a website and library created by Jon Phillips and Bryce Harrington in 2004.
Ganeshana Galate is a comedy film from India. It was released in 1995 and was directed by Phani Ramachandra.
AD San Juan is a football club in Spain. The club was founded in 1962. It is an association football club and plays in the Tercera División league.
Club Banco Hipotecario, founded on 01 January 1956, is a sports team from Argentina. The team is associated with the sport of rugby union, and competes in the same sport.
The Académie des sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Rouen is an Academy located in Rouen, France. It was established on 17 June 1744 and is chaired by Jean Costentin.
The 1976 Penn State Nittany Lions American football team was a season for the Penn State Nittany Lions in the United States, which is an instance of an American football team season.
The CSX Transportation Building, a building in the United States, was built in 1960 and is owned by the CSX Corporation. It is an example of International Style architecture.
WIBC (FM) is a radio station in Indiana, United States. WIBC (FM) was founded in 1961. WIBC (FM) is owned by Emmis Communications.
Sportsbet.com.au is a business located in Melbourne, Australia. The company was founded in 1993 and is owned by Flutter Entertainment.
The singer Jenny Wilson is the artist for the album Hardships which was released in 2009. This album is an independent music release and is the follow-up to Love and Youth.
The Modern University for the Humanities was founded in 1992 in Moscow, Russia. It is a university located in Moscow, Russia.
King's Park railway station is a train station located in King's Park, Glasgow, Glasgow City, United Kingdom. It is operated by Abellio ScotRail.
The 1995-96 Taça de Portugal season was a season of association football in Portugal, which is a Taça de Portugal, and it took place from 1995 to 1996.
The Green Scarf is a mystery film from the United Kingdom, produced by Albert Fennell and distributed by British Lion Films. The original language of the film is English.
Markus Oberleitner played for SpVgg Unterhaching. Unfortunately, there is a duplicate triple for the start time, but I will include it in the text as is. The exact start and end times are not specified.
Ngee Ann Kongsi is a Singapore based business founded by Seah Eu Chin in 1845, with its headquarters also located in Singapore, Singapore.
Gilbert Koomson is a member of Sogndal Fotball. He started playing for Sogndal Fotball at an unknown time and ended his time with the team at an unknown time. The details of his acquisition transaction with Sogndal Fotball are also unknown.
The Federal Amateur Hockey League, which was founded in 1903, was a sports league in Canada. It was involved in ice hockey and dissolved in 1909.
Tracton GAA is a sports club in County Cork, Republic of Ireland. They play Hurling.
Dancing Shadows is the 2018 album of Contemporary R&B music by American entertainer Mario. The album was produced by Jake Gosling.
The English language magazine Traditional Home was founded in 1989 and is published in New York City, United States.
Selene Johnson is the name of a female, from the United States. Selene is the given name of Selene Johnson, who is a human being.
The Branch is a river in Keene, New Hampshire, United States. Its mouth is the Ashuelot River and Otter Brook is a tributary of the Ashuelot River.
Mancetter is a village and civil parish in North Warwickshire, in the United Kingdom.
The Readington Village Historic District is located in Readington Village, Readington Township, New Jersey, United States. The district is an instance of a historic district and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Excelsior High School (Norwalk, California) was a high school in the United States. It was established in 1924 and dissolved in 1981.
Tenchi in Tokyo is a Japanese TV series that is from Japan. It is an adventure film and the voice actor is Shinobu Adachi.
Marion James is the name of a blues musician who was signed to the record label Excello Records. Marion James is a human being who has the surname James.
The 2000 Liga Perdana 1 is a season of Association football in Malaysia, specifically the Liga Perdana 1 league, which started on 01 January 2000.
Antonio Sánchez Navarro, a football player, was born on 22 April 1997. He is a man and a human being.
The Robinson Town Centre is a shopping mall in Pennsylvania, United States. It was opened in 1988 and is owned by Forest City Realty Trust.
The Romeo + Juliet soundtrack is a soundtrack album released on October 29, 1996 by Capitol Records, which is a soundtrack.
Rivadavia Airport, which is an airport, is located in Mendoza Province, Argentina. It is named after Rivadavia, Mendoza and serves the transport hub of Rivadavia, Mendoza.
The 1966 Women's Western Open was a women's golf competition that took place in the United States in the year 1966.
Hockey East is an ice hockey league in New England, United States. It is part of the NCAA Division I league.
Vitebsky Central Sport Complex is a soccer-specific stadium located in Vitebsk, Vitebsk Region, Belarus. It was opened in 1937.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the response. If you'd like to provide new data, I'll be happy to help.
Rachelle Wilkos is a human being who lives in Fairfield County, Connecticut. Her given name is Rachelle and her family name is Consiglio. She is married to Steve Wilkos.
La Capilla del Hombre is a museum in Quito, Ecuador. It was opened in 2002.
The Dodge Demon (concept car) is a sports car and a concept car manufactured by Dodge, which was first introduced in 2005.
Strait Island is located in the Bay of Bengal, part of the Andaman Islands, in the administrative district of North and Middle Andaman district, India.
Sanzigen, an animation studio (, Kabushiki gaisha), is in the anime industry and was founded in 2003. Its headquarters are located in Suginami.
Lucas Vorsterman was born in Antwerp. Unfortunately, there is incomplete information about his time in Antwerp, but it is known that he started and ended at some point.
That Lucky Old Sun is a song written by Haven Gillespie and composed by Beasley Smith. It was first performed by James Brown in 1949.
Offset Software, a video game developer, was founded in 2004 and dissolved in 2010. It was located in Newport Beach, California, and was part of the video game industry.
The album I Am Love is an album by Peabo Bryson. It was produced by Johnny Pate and released in 1981 on Capitol Records.
Muskeget Island Airport is an airport located on Muskeget Island in Nantucket County, United States. It was established on January 3rd, 1961.
David William Warner, whose given name is David, is a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party and is a human being who speaks English.
Philippe de Broca wrote the screenplay for Dear Louise, which was produced by Alexandre Mnouchkine and Georges Dancigers. The original language of the film is French. Dear Louise originates from France.
Mayo Senior Football Team won the 1951 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, a Gaelic football competition.
The Griggs Dam is located on the Scioto River in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The Ohio River is the drainage basin of the Griggs Dam.
VV Spijkenisse is a football club in the Netherlands. It was founded on 01 January 1946. The league they play in is called Hoofdklasse and they play association football.
Deshbandhu College for Girls was founded in 1955 in the city of Kolkata in the Bengal district of India.
Stephanie Jallen, a human being, participated in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in alpine skiing. She is named Stephanie and graduated from King's College in Pennsylvania.
The Miss World Philippines, which is a female beauty pageant, was founded by Cory Quirino in 2011 and is based in Manila, Philippines.
The Glacier Institute is a nonprofit organization in the United States that was founded in 1983. It is located in Kalispell, Montana, and its headquarters are also in Kalispell, Montana.
Bobby McFerrin is the musical performer of Circlesongs, a vocal jazz album, which was released in 1997 by Sony Classical Records.
The Kagawa Nutrition University is a university in Japan, located in Sakado, Saitama. It was established in 1948.
Ben Wallace played for the Orlando Magic. He started and ended his stint with the team, playing a specific position.
Dawson Odums was born in Shelby, North Carolina. He is a male human being. He attended North Carolina Central University and is a head coach.
Humberto Tozzi played for Fluminense FC. He started playing for the team at an unknown time and stopped playing at an unknown time.
Tôlanaro Airport, located in the Anosy Region, is an airport in Madagascar, named after Tôlanaro, and serves the transport hub of Tôlanaro.
The Bureau of Corporations was a government agency in the United States which was created in 1903 and dissolved in 1915. It was succeeded by the Federal Trade Commission.
The El Salvador national beach soccer team, owned by the Salvadoran Football Federation, is from El Salvador. The team competes in the men's association football league.
WHYA is a radio station in Massachusetts, United States, that was founded in 1987. The station is owned by John Garabedian.
The World Computer Chess Championship, organized by the International Computer Games Association, was first held in 1974. It is a chess tournament and is considered a world championship.
Stone Town is part of Zanzibar City, Tanzania. It is a city located in the Mjini Magharibi Region and has been designated as a World Heritage Site.
Willem II College is a school in Tilburg, Netherlands. It was founded on 01 January 1866.
Cornelia Brierly was born in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. She is a female human being who was educated at Carnegie Mellon University and is known as Cornelia.
Sokolce is a municipality in Komárno District, Slovakia. It was created in 1332.
UrgentRx is a business in the United States. It was founded in 2010 and is located in Denver. The company operates in the pharmaceutical industry.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 826 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 20 May 1993. It is an instance of United Nations Security Council resolution. It follows United Nations Security Council Resolution 825 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 827.
The film Should the Woman Pay? is a film from Australia, released in 1966. It is in the English language and was directed by Patrick Barton.
Susanne Andersen was the young rider classification of the 2016 Ladies Tour of Norway and was a member of the same team.
Ján Svorada is a member of the UAE Team Emirates. He started his time with the team and ended it.
The book Roof Over Heaven was written by F.J. Thwaites and published in 1953. It is a book from Australia and is written in English.
The 1960 Western Michigan Broncos American football team was a season for the Western Michigan Broncos in the United States.
Pierre Pujol played for Volley Treviso, starting at an unspecified time and finishing at an unspecified time.
Nethermost Pike is a fell in the United Kingdom, located in Cumbria. It is part of the Lake District. Its parent peak is Helvellyn.
Haidari FC is a Greek association football club that was founded in 1937. They are based in Haidari.
Claude Lorius received the Balzan Prize, which is awarded to citizens of a certain country at a specific point in time. The prize is given for work in a particular field.
Buzzwick Airport, which was established on 2 January 1973, is located in Carleton Michigan, United States.
The 1966 Davis Cup was the first edition of the tennis competition and was won by the Australia Davis Cup team.
The 1990 New York Mets baseball team season was a season for the New York Mets in the United States.
The Miss Asia Pageant, which was held in Hong Kong, is a female beauty pageant. It was started in 1985 and stopped in 2015. However, there is also information that it was started in 2004.
Pizzo Magn is located in the Lepontine Alps in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is a mountain with the parent peak of Mottone di Cava.
Merced College is a public educational institution of the United States located in California, established on February 27, 1962, and is an instance of a school.
Saint Joseph High School (Denver, Colorado) was a high school in the United States. The school was established in 1908 and closed in 1973.
Hullabaloo is a punk rock band from the United States. They were formed in 1986 and are signed with Toxic Shock Records.
The 2001 Boise State Broncos American football team was a season for the Boise State Broncos in the United States.
The Dream Academy is a band from the United Kingdom that performs folk rock music. They were founded in 1983 and are signed to Warner Bros. Records.
The Action of Agagia, fought on 26 February 1916, was part of the Senussi Campaign. It involved the United Kingdom, and took place in Egypt.
Annalie Longo played for Sydney FC, her time with the team started in 2014 and ended in 2015, and she also played for Sydney FC (W-League) with the same time frame.
Ragtime Snap Shots is a silent film from the United States. It stars Bebe Daniels and was produced by Hal Roach. The film is in the public domain.
Jennifer James, a human being, was educated at Rose Bruford College. Jennifer James, whose given name is Jennifer, is married to Lee Boardman and began her career in 2000.
Peachtree Ridge High School is a high school in the United States, located in Georgia (U.S. state). It was founded in 2003 and is part of the Gwinnett County Public Schools.
Sveriges Radio P2 (owned by Sveriges Radio) is a radio station in Sweden which was founded in 1955. The language used is Swedish.
Wafa Assurance is a company, a company, that was founded on October 1, 1972 and is headquartered in Casablanca. It is owned by Attijariwafa Bank.
US Sandweiler is an association football club in Luxembourg, founded in 1937, that plays in the Luxembourg Division of Honour league and is based in Luxembourg.
Brynhild Parker is a human being from the United Kingdom. Brynhild Parker is a member of the East London Group and her surname is Parker. Brynhild Parker's works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Kadiogo Province, located in the Centre Region of Burkina Faso, is the capital of which is Ouagadougou and is a province of Burkina Faso.
The film A Bridge Too Far, written by William Goldman, is based on the book A Bridge Too Far. The film features Simon Chandler and Anthony Hopkins in its cast, and is set in 1944.
Alexander Gschliesser is a human being. He is a member of HC Fassa and participated in the 1994 Winter Olympics in the sport of ice hockey.
Lim Hyo-jun is a human who competes in the sport of speed skating, specifically in short track speed skating, for South Korea. He was educated at Dongbuk High School.
Carlos Zegarra was a member of Sporting Cristal. He started playing for the team at an unspecified time and stopped playing at another unspecified time.
FC Klechesk Kletsk is an association football club in Belarus. The club was founded in 2007 and plays in the Belarusian First League.
Wick F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1892 and plays in the Sussex County Football League.
Ishiya Station is adjacent to Hon-Ishikura Station. It is on the line connecting Hon-Ishikura Station, and the train from Hon-Ishikura Station follows towards Ishiya Station, starting at Hon-Ishikura Station.
T Brand Studio is a company founded in 2014 in New York City. The company is owned by The New York Times Company.
KKBox is a website (in Chinese:, pinyin: KKBox) founded in October 2004 in Taiwan. It is a streaming media receiver and operates on the Android operating system.
Eugene Ashley High School is a high school in North Carolina, United States. It was established in 2001 and is part of the New Hanover County Schools.
John J. Gilman attended the Illinois Institute of Technology from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, majoring in an unspecified field and earning two academic degrees.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the same response. If you'd like to provide new data, I'd be happy to help.
The Seven Professors of the Far North is a book written by John Fardell, published on January 1, 2004, in the English language, and belongs to the genre of adventure novel.
China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation is a state-owned enterprise in the shipbuilding industry, located in Beijing, China. It was founded in 1999.
Kuurne Heliport, named after Kuurne, is an airport in Belgium, located in Belgium, and serves the transport hub of Kuurne.
Victoria bus station is operated by Transport for London and located in Victoria, London, United Kingdom. Victoria bus station is located in the City of Westminster.
Andijan District, which has Kuyganyor as its capital, is located in the Andijan region of Uzbekistan. It was created in 1926.
Markus Heikkinen played for Turun Palloseura. He started and ended at the same time.
Mighty-O Donuts is a business located in the United States, specifically in Seattle, where it was also founded in 2000.
KBQF is a radio station in McFarland, California, United States. The station was established in 2009 and uses the Mexican Spanish language.
Wanda R. Smith High School is a high school in Keene, Texas, United States. It was established in 1989 and is part of the Keene Independent School District.
NikkeiWest is a newspaper from the United States, located in San Jose, California, and is from the United States, published in San Jose, California.
WBNS is a radio station in Columbus, Ohio, United States. Its date of founding is 1922.
WWHG is a radio station in Evansville, Wisconsin, United States, founded in 1989, and is an instance of a radio station.
The 1947 Women's Western Open was a women's golf competition that took place in the United States in the year 1947, which is part of the 1947 sports season.
The Empire Geographical Union in the United States is a rugby union organization that was founded in 2012. The organization is located in New York City.
The human Blake Harrison, born Blake Harrison, graduated from BRIT School in 2001.
The 2012 American football team season for the Houston Cougars in the United States was in 2012.
Islom Inomov played for Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, starting at an unknown time and ending at another unknown time.
Tenmyouya Hisashi was born in Saitama Prefecture on 10 February 1966. He is an artist, who uses the term human.
Alfond Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Florida, United States. It is owned by Rollins College and occupied by Rollins College.
Canon Inc. is the manufacturer of the Canon EOS-1D Mark II. It is a digital single-lens reflex camera model that was introduced in 2004.
Olzie Whitehead Williams House is located in Wilson, Wilson County, North Carolina, United States. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The band Unsraw was formed in Japan in 2006. Their musical genre is punk rock.
Jack Hirsch is a human being. He attended Van Nuys High School and the University of California, Los Angeles, and is a member of the UCLA Bruins.
The Soyuz 17 was a Soyuz rocket family space launch vehicle. It was launched on January 10, 1975. The Soyuz 17 landed on August 9, 1975, in Kazakhstan. The Soyuz 17 had a significant event of landing.
The 2015 British Touring Car Championship is an instance of a sports season. It took place in the United Kingdom in 2015. The championship is a season of auto racing and is part of the British Touring Car Championship.
The Ouaquaga Lenticular Truss Bridge is a bridge located in New York, United States. It was designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Foundation for Research, Science and Technology was a Crown entity in New Zealand that was established in 1990. It was dissolved on 1 February 2011 and its successor is the Ministry of Science and Innovation.
Kamishihoro, Hokkaido is a town of Japan located in the Tokachi Subprefecture of Japan. It is also a municipality of Japan. The main topic of Kamishihoro, Hokkaido is Category:Kamishihoro, Hokkaido.
Dauphins de Créteil is a sports team in France. The team was founded in 1973. They participate in the Championnat de France (water polo) league and play the sport of water polo.
The Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute is a research institute located in the United States and is part of Harvard University. It was established in 1973.
XPO Logistics, founded in 1989, is located in Greenwich, Connecticut, United States. The company's director/manager is Bradley S. Jacobs.
The European Journal of Combinatorics is a scientific journal published in English that is devoted to the study of Mathematics. It was established in 1993 and published by Elsevier.
Ronnie Caryl is a male human being. He is a blues musician who plays the guitar.
The Folklore Museum of Giannitsa was established in October 1977 in Giannitsa, Greece. The museum is focused on the history of the region.
The upcoming film Valley Girl is a musical film from the United States. The director of the film is Rachel Lee Goldenberg. The original language of the film is English.
Ace Bailey is a member of the National Hockey League, where he plays Human. He speaks English and was awarded the Stanley Cup. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
The 1980 Central Michigan Chippewas American football team was a season for the Central Michigan Chippewas in the United States.
Daito Bunka University, located in Tokyo, Japan, is a university that was founded in 1923. The main category of Daito Bunka University is Category:Daito Bunka University.
Kuybyshevsky District, Rostov Oblast, Russia, is a municipal district located in Rostov Oblast, established in 1923. Its capital is Kuybyshevo, Rostov Oblast.
Élie Baup is a human being who plays as a goalkeeper in the sport of Association football for Toulouse FC.
Eagle County Regional Airport in Eagle-Vail, Colorado, United States was established on January 7, 1940.
RugbyWA is the sports governing body for Rugby union in Western Australia. The organisation was created in 1928.
The 2014 WAC Women's Basketball Tournament was a women's basketball competition that took place on January 1, 2014, in the United States, and was part of the 2014 sports season.
Radio Student is a Croatian campus radio station in Zagreb, established in 1996.
Intervilles is a French game show television series that was created by Guy Lux. The series was originally broadcast on TF1.
The band 2AM Club is an alternative rock band from the United States. Its member is Marc E Bassy and they are signed to RCA Records.
Plymouth Meeting Mall is a shopping mall in Pennsylvania, United States, that was opened on October 10, 1966. The mall is owned by the Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
George D. Chamberlain High School is located in Tampa, Florida, United States. It is a high school and was founded in 1956. It is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools.
The Atom Ant, created by William Hanna, was broadcast from October 2, 1965 to August 31st 1968. It was distributed by Screen Gems and had a musical score by Ted Nichols.
Warren Wright, a male, is a human being. His family name is Wright and his given name is Warren. He is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Les Affaires is a French language magazine from Canada, established in 1928.
Metro Camarones is a metro station in Mexico City, Mexico. It is part of the Mexico City Metro system and was opened on November 29, 1988.
The Excelsior Hotel in Christchurch, New Zealand was designed by William Armson in 1882. The hotel is located in the Canterbury region of New Zealand.
Portstewart is a seaside resort located in County Londonderry, in the United Kingdom. It is also a town in Derry, a county in the United Kingdom.
Blidworth Welfare F.C. is a football club from the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1926 and plays association football in the Central Midlands Football League.
David Harewood and Catherine Tate star in the 2015 comedy film SuperBob.
Saat Paake Bandha, a Bengali language film from India, was produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and stars Laboni Sarkar and Subhasish Mukherjee.
Kadijatu Kebbay is a model and was born on January 1, 1986. She is a citizen of Sierra Leone and is female. Kadijatu Kebbay is a human being.
The 1974 Thailand Regional Games, a multi-sport event in Thailand, took place in Chonburi Province. It was part of the 1974 season of the Thailand National Games.
The Springside Chestnut Hill Academy, located in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, United States, was established in 2010. The school, which is a school, was opened in 1861.
Esther Wangeci is a female volleyball player born on 22 November 1990 and is a human.
Korund is a private limited company founded in 1915, located in Dzerzhinsk, Russia, which is an enterprise and a business.
The 2009 Boston Cannons season was a season of Major League Lacrosse in the United States, starting from 01 January 2009, and is an instance of a sports season.
Ward LaFrance Truck Corporation, a business, was a commercial vehicle manufacturer located in the United States and was founded in 1916. The company was dissolved in 1979.
Penguin Bloom is a drama film project from the United States, starring Naomi Watts.
The FFSA NTC is an association football club that was founded in 2010 and is owned by the South Australian Sports Institute. They participate in Association football and compete in the National Premier Leagues South Australia league.
Thomas G. Patten is a human being. His given name is Thomas. He was a United States representative and is buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale. He spoke the English language.
Dovedale by Moonlight, a work of oil paint on canvas, depicts Dovedale and is located in the Allen Memorial Art Museum.
The 2009 Orix Buffaloes baseball team in Japan played in the 2009 baseball season.
Auguste Verdyck is a human being who is a citizen of Belgium and participates in cycle sport in Belgium. His given name is Auguste.
Cyril Domoraud started playing for Konyaspor at an unknown start time and stopped at an unknown end time.
Callaway Cars, a car model and business, was founded in 1977 in Old Lyme, Connecticut, and is headquartered in Old Lyme, Connecticut.
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. is a football club from the United Kingdom, founded in 2009. They play in the Midland Football Combination league and are involved in association football.
The Port Austin Light is a lighthouse located in Michigan, United States. It was put into service in 1878 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jaz Parks series is a vampire literature book series written by Jennifer Rardin and published by Orbit Books on October 8, 2007.
Walters State Community College is a community college located in Morristown, Tennessee, United States. It was established in 1970 and is a public educational institution.
Flexa Ribeiro is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party and a Brazilian senator. He is a human being who works in Brasília and speaks Portuguese.
From the Mouth of the Whale is a literary work from Iceland written by Sjón, published in 2008. It is a novel.
Udbodhan is a Bengali language magazine from India. It was founded by Swami Vivekananda in 1899.
The Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant in Richmond, California, United States was designed by Albert Kahn and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1958 Women's Western Open was a women's golf competition in the United States, which took place in 1958.
Avon Road station is located in Upper Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is a station on the SEPTA Routes 101 and 102 line and is a Tram stop. Hilltop Road station is located adjacent to Avon Road.
The Mandet Museum, Riom, France, was established in 1866. It is named after Francisque Mandet.
The S.D. Warren Paper Mill is located in Westbrook, Maine, United States. It was designed by architect John Calvin Stevens and is part of the Cumberland Mills Historic District.
Mohamed Hamzah is a human being from Malaysia, his given name is Mohamed and he is a Muslim. He is the designer of the flag of Malaysia.
Shurdington is a village and civil parish in the Tewkesbury Borough, United Kingdom.
Pascal Camadini was a member of the RC Strasbourg Alsace team. He started playing for the team at an unspecified time and stopped playing at an unspecified time.
The Box Car Racer DVD is a film released on November 5, 2002, starring Tom DeLonge, and is in the English language. It was distributed by MCA Records.
Wollongong Central is a shopping mall in New South Wales, Australia. It was founded in 1975 and is owned by the GPT Group.
Alta Schreier wrote the book Vamos a Cuba, which was published in 2001. The book is from the United States and focuses on geography.
VH1 is a Polish television station owned by Viacom International Media Networks. The channel was launched in 2005 and its headquarters are in Warsaw, Poland.
The Malaysia Rugby League Premier is a sports league in Malaysia which was founded in 2004. It is a sports league, located in Malaysia. The main sport is association football, but rugby union is also competed in.
Cisitalia, a joint-stock company in the automotive industry, was founded by Piero Dusio in Turin and is also based in Turin.
The gospel blues song "God Don't Never Change" by Blind Willie Johnson was released in 1929 by Columbia Records.
Chattahoochee High School is located in Georgia, United States. It was established in 1991 and is part of the Fulton County School System.
Khujand Airport, located in the Sughd Region of Tajikistan, is named after Khujand. The airport serves the transport hub of Khujand.
American Fangs is an American rock band from Houston, United States, that was formed in 2008. They are signed with Best Before Records.
Beaumont station is a train station located in Beaumont, Texas, United States. It is connected to the Sunset Limited line and the Sunset Limited service.
Marc Weller played for Angers SCO. He started playing for Angers SCO and ended playing for Angers SCO.
The GWR 1854 Class is a tank locomotive. It was manufactured at Swindon Works. It is operated by the Great Western Railway. The wheel arrangement of the GWR 1854 Class is 0-6-0T. It was designed by William Dean (engineer).
Pennsylvania Railroad 460 was located in Pennsylvania and was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad from 1923 to 1976, and later by the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines from 1976 to 1983.
William Murch is a human being from the United Kingdom. He played cricket for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club.
Caloncho is a musician from Mexico, who was born December 20, 1986. He is a man and a human being.
The 2000 New York Mets baseball team season was a season for the New York Mets in the United States.
Ras Al Khaimah International Airport, an international airport, is located in the Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates and was established on January 1, 1976.
The Knight in the Panther's Skin is a work of Epic poetry written in Georgian by Shota Rustaveli and published in 1180.
Shinya Tsuruoka is a human being, his given name is Shinya. He plays catcher for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks in Japan.
Bluegogo was a company that was founded in November 2016. It was a company and had a legal form of company. Bluegogo went bankrupt and was dissolved in November 2017, which was a significant event.
Brenham Downtown Historic District is located in Texas, United States. It is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its architectural style is Renaissance Revival.
Founded by Stephen Appleby in 1960, Advision Studios is a recording studio in Fitzrovia, United Kingdom.
Juventud Alianza is an association football club in Argentina. The club was founded in 1973 and plays in the Torneo Argentino B league.
The Rugby Union of Serbia operates in Serbia. It is associated with the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It is a member of Rugby Europe and World Rugby.
Dmitri Anatolyevich Kozlov played for Dinaburg FC, with two unknown start times and two unknown end times.
The Tunis University in Tunisia was established in 1960. It is a member of Mediterra.
The Holden Camira is a car model manufactured by General Motors. It is the successor to the Holden Torana and was followed by the Holden Apollo.
Perssu 1977 Sumenep is an association football club from Indonesia. Their home ground is the Ahmad Yani Stadium and they compete in the Liga 2 ( Indonesia ).
KCML is a radio station in Minnesota, United States, that was launched in 1998 and is owned by Leighton Broadcasting.
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science was founded in 1864. It is located in Manhattan, United States and is part of Columbia University.
The OSE Class 460 is an electric multiple unit class locomotive built by Siemens Mobility. It is part of the Siemens Desiro Classic and is operated by the Hellenic Railways Organisation.
The Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, part of the Los Angeles Music Center, is an opera house in California, United States. It is named after Dorothy Buffum Chandler.
Oadby Town F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1937 and play in the United Counties League, which is a league for association football.
Eton Manor F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1901 and play in the Essex Senior Football League.
Pulse 1 is a radio station in the City of Bradford, in the United Kingdom. The station was launched in 1975 and is owned by Wireless Group.
The River Winster is a river in Cumbria, United Kingdom. It flows into the River Kent and has a lake called Helton Tarn.
The Manor House Hotel is a hotel in Castle Combe, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1947 and is owned by Exclusive Hotels.
Tony Lucca performs rock music and is the performer of Come Around Again. The album was released on August 26, 2008 and followed Canyon Songs.
The Interlaken Mill Bridge is a bridge in Rhode Island, United States. It is located in the state of Rhode Island and crosses the Pawtuxet River. The bridge is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ryōsuke Ogata, a human being, is an outfielder and a member of the Hanshin Tigers team. His family name is Ogata and his given name is Ryōsuke.
The Carnation Revolution is a Category:Carnation Revolution, specifically a Coup d'état, that occurred in Portugal on 25 April 1974.
The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S, was founded by Francis Ikome in 2014. It is an organization based in the United States.
KMJM is an AM radio station in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States. It is owned by iHeartMedia.
Gippsland is a Division of the Australian House of Representatives in Victoria, Australia. It was created in 1901 and is named after Gippsland.
William Patterson, born in 1854, is a human being from the United Kingdom. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and his given name is William. William Patterson is a cricketer.
Axel started playing for Paraná Clube and ended his time with the team.
Stefan Raab is the presenter and creator of TV total, a German language TV show that includes the season 1 and has a music score by heavytones.
AS Fortior is an association football club from Madagascar. Their home ground is the Barikadimy Stadium and they compete in the THB Champions League.
Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin is a fourth-class city located in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States, and was founded in 1835. The main category for Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin is Category:Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin.
South Hadley High School is located in Massachusetts, United States. It is a high school and was founded in 1870. It is part of the South Hadley Public Schools.
Persatu Tuban is an association football club in Indonesia, founded in 1975. They compete in Liga 2 (Indonesia).
The Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, located in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States, is a museum that was established in 2008 and is dedicated to African-American culture.
The Suttor River, located in Queensland, Australia, is a tributary of the Belyando River. The Suttor River is a river that flows into the Burdekin Dam.
The New York City Department of Education is a government agency that was created in 2002 in New York City, United States. It is a member of the World Wide Web Consortium.
The Principality newspaper was edited by Evan Jones (Ieuan Gwynedd) and John Emlyn Jones. It was published by David Tudor Evans in Cardiff and was written in English.
The MS Georges Philippar is an ocean liner built by Chantiers de l'Atlantique in France. It is operated by Messageries Maritimes and has Marseille as its home port.
The Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine is an open-access scientific journal published by Yale University Press. It is written in English and was established in 1928.
Satyajit Ray received the Filmfare Award for Best Director for his work, but the exact point in time is unknown.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2101, which is a United Nations resolution and a United Nations Security Council resolution, was published on April 25, 2013. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2100 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2102.
Morafenobe Airport, located in the Melaky region, is in Madagascar. The airport serves the transport hub of Morafenobe.
Irish Car Rentals, a car rental company, was founded in 1984 in Dublin and is based in Dublin.
Aconchi Municipality, which is located in Sonora, Mexico, is a municipality of Sonora, and its capital is Aconchi. It was established on April 13, 1932.
WNDE is a radio station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, in the United States. It is owned by iHeartMedia.
ND Dravinja is an association football club in Slovenia. The club was founded on 1 January 1934. They play in the Slovenian Second League, which is the sport of Association football.
Lakeshore High School in Michigan, United States, was founded in 1957. It is a high school and part of the Lakeshore School District (Berrien).
The NLR Air Transport Safety Institute, a research institute located in Amsterdam, Netherlands, was founded in 2007.
Stadion Slana Bara is a stadium in Novi Sad, Serbia. It is occupied by FK Proleter Novi Sad and is used for association football.
Tafsir al-Mizan is an Arabic encyclopedia and book written by Muhammad Husayn Tabatabai, classified as a Tafsir.
UD Barbadás is an association football club in Spain, founded in 1998. The team plays in the Tercera División league.
Graham Polak, whose given name is Graham, is a human being who speaks English. He is a member of the East Fremantle Football Club and is part of the Polak family.
Holly Hunter was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama for her work.
Staffanstorp is located in Staffanstorp Municipality in Sweden and is an urban area in Sweden. It is the capital of Staffanstorp Municipality and is twinned with Grimmen.
WRZE is a radio station in the United States, specifically located in South Carolina. It is owned by iHeartMedia and licensed to broadcast to Kingstree, South Carolina.
Pioneer Place is a shopping mall in Portland, Oregon, United States. The mall was opened in 1990 and is owned by the Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
Nora Holstad Berge was a member of Kolbotn Fotball. The start and end times are not specified.
Eastern Arizona College is a community college located in Thatcher, Arizona, United States. It was established in 1888 and is a public educational institution of the United States.
The International Olive Council is an organization located in Madrid, Spain. It was established in 1956 and is also headquartered in Madrid.
Impulse! Records is a jazz record label founded by Creed Taylor in the United States in 1960.
Tanerau Latimer was educated at Tauranga Boys' College. He plays rugby sevens for the New Zealand national rugby union team. He is a Flanker.
Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, D.C., United States is an avenue created in 1871 and is maintained by the District Department of Transportation.
Long Ashton railway station is located in Long Ashton, United Kingdom. The Great Western Railway operates the station.
The 2006 Open de Moselle -- Singles was a men's singles tennis event held in France in 2006.
Joel Aldrich Matteson was the Governor of Illinois from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, replacing an unknown predecessor and being replaced by an unknown successor.
The 1976 Thailand National Games and the 1976 Thailand Regional Games were held in Udon Thani Province, Thailand. The 1976 Thailand Regional Games is a multi-sport event.
The game Shadow of the Colossus, developed by Bluepoint Games, was published by Sony Interactive Entertainment on 8 February 2018 for PlayStation 4. The game is based on the novel Shadow of the Colossus.
Simon Hughes is the editor of The Cricketer which was founded in 1921 by Pelham Warner in the United Kingdom. The magazine is published in the United Kingdom.
The Kahili Airfield, which is an airport in Papua New Guinea, was opened in 1942. It was dissolved in 1945.
Tony Lloyd was the Mayor of Greater Manchester from an unknown start time to an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown person and replaced Tony Lloyd.
The Ottawa International Film Festival, a film festival, is located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and was founded in 2010.
Caricatures of Twenty-five Gentlemen is a written work by Max Beerbohm, published in 1896 in English. The book originates from the United States.
Concord Rangers F.C. is a football club from the United Kingdom, established in 1967. They are a part of the Isthmian League and play association football.
Edmonson County High School is located in Kentucky, United States. It is a high school and was founded in 1959. It is part of the Edmonson County Schools.
The Nex CCN Cycling Team is a club cycling team from Brunei, founded in 2012. The team participates in road bicycle racing and has a member called CCN 2013.
The 5th New Brunswick Legislature, in New Brunswick, Canada, was preceded by the 4th New Brunswick Legislature and succeeded by the 6th New Brunswick Legislature.
The hard rock band White Hot Odyssey, which was produced by Steve Perry, released the album in 2004.
The Qatar National Bank Tower is a skyscraper and high-rise building in Doha, Qatar, owned by QNB Group.
Walenmatt is a mountain in Switzerland, in the canton of Bern. It is part of the Jura Mountains. Its parent peak is Mont Raimeux.
The Aqua Wing Arena, located in Nagano, Japan, is an arena that was opened on January 1, 1997, and it is used for ice hockey.
Aleksey Butarevich was a member of the FC Smolevichi team, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time, at a point in time.
Memaloose Airport is operated by the United States Forest Service and was established on January 11th, 1949. Memaloose Airport is located in the state of Oregon.
Microsoft is the parent organization of Massive Incorporated, a company that was founded in 2002 and is located in New York City. The company offers business applications.
The Japanese language TV series The Return of Ultraman was created by Tsuburaya Productions and aired on Tokyo Broadcasting System between April 2, 1971 and March 31, 1972.
The Marine Corps Air Station Ewa was an air base in the United States. It was located in Honolulu County, Hawaii. The air base was established on 18 June 1952 and dissolved in 1952.
Columbian Harmony Cemetery is a cemetery located in Washington D.C., United States. It was established in 1859 and dissolved in 1959.
Ahmed Ouyahia, born Ahmed, is a human being. He attended El Idrissi High School and is a Sunni Islamist. He served as Prime Minister of Algeria.
The horror film Khooni Shikanja was released in India in 2000. The film's score was provided by Bappi Lahiri.
Westroads Mall is a shopping mall in Omaha, Nebraska, United States. It is located in the United States and is owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group. It was opened on August 1, 1968.
The San Carlos River is located in Arizona, United States. San Carlos River ( United States ) flows into the Gila River which is the drainage basin of the San Carlos River.
Aurum Hotels is located in Italy, with a start date of 1960 and a start date of 1960. The hotel's end date is 1999 and the end date is 1999.
Cascine, a record label, is based in London and New York. The label specializes in the Indie pop genre and was founded in 2010.
Patrizia Caccamo is a human being. She is a forward in the sport of association football and plays for ASD Napoli CF and A.S.D. Riviera di Romagna Calcio Femminile.
WWDJ is a radio station in Massachusetts, United States. The station was founded on January 1, 1935, and is currently owned by Salem Media Group.
The Ben Eoin Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada, which was created on February 11th 1975, and is part of the Bras d'Or Lake Biosphere Reserve. The park is located in Cape Breton County, Canada.
Dunwoody High School is located in Georgia, United States. It was established in 1971 and is part of the DeKalb County School District.
The 1902 California Golden Bears American football team was a season for the California Golden Bears in the United States.
Richard F. Kneip was the Governor of South Dakota and an Ambassador. He was educated at South Dakota State University and is a human being. He spoke the English language.
James Marshall Unger attended the University of Chicago at some point in time and graduated with an academic degree from the University of Chicago at some point in time, also earning another academic degree from the University of Chicago.
Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is a poem written in English, written by Lady Mary Wroth and published in 1621. Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is in the public domain.
Charles Coleman Sellers was educated at Haverford College and Harvard University. He received the Bancroft Prize. He is human and was buried in Philadelphia.
Everett-Stewart Regional Airport, an airport, is located in Union City, Tennessee, United States and was established on 7 January 1943.
Bruce Davey was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work.
Joseph Horton, whose given name is Joseph, is a human being from the United Kingdom. He plays for the England cricket team.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk musician and human. She is signed with Deram Records. She uses the voice.
The Christmas Dragon is a film from the United States. The film was released in 2014 and has a European setting. It is a Christmas film.
Joshua Henry Davidson is a human being. He was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His given name is Joshua.
Amrithadhare, a Kannada movie, was written by Ramesh Aravind and stars Divya Spandana. It was produced by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar and originates from India.
Jim & Jesse is a rock and pop band from the United States that was formed on January 1, 1945. They are a band and their music style is bluegrass. They are from the United States and were signed to Epic Records.
South Plaquemines High School is located in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States. It was founded on January 1, 2006 and is part of the Plaquemines Parish School Board.
The song Heart Half Empty is written in English and was written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child. It is from the United States and was performed by Stephanie Bentley.
Eataly is a gastronomy company in Alba, Piedmont founded by Oscar Farinetti in 2010. It is a Società A Responsabilità Limitata.
AS Bakaridjan is an association football club in Mali. The club was founded in 1989 and participates in the Malian Première Division, which is the top level of association football in Mali.
Sichuan University, a University, is located in Chengdu, China. It was established in 1896. The main category of Sichuan University is Category:Sichuan University.
Corey Harris is the performer of the blues album Mississippi to Mali, which was released in 2003 by Rounder Records.
The 2019 Super Formula Championship is an instance of a sports season. It is a motorsport season held in Japan in 2019.
Merouane Zemmama is a human being who plays association football for Raja Casablanca as a midfielder. He is a member of Raja Casablanca.
The 1972-73 season was the ice hockey team season of the Buffalo Sabres, a team from the United States, which played ice hockey in the 1972-73 one-year-period.
The Groene Leeuw (cycling team) is a professional cycling team from Belgium, founded in 1945. It competes in road bicycle racing. The team dissolved in 1969.
The Daniels College of Business, located in Colorado, United States, is a Business school affiliated with the University of Denver and was established in 1908.
Paul Weidlinger was the architect of the Paul and Madeleine Weidlinger House in the United States. The house was constructed in 1953 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The University of Belgrano, a university in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was established in 1964 by Avelino Porto.
The Shepherd is a novella published by Hutchinson. Its main subject is Christmas. The novella is a different book from The Shepherd: Border Patrol. It is written in English.
Ilsinho is a member of Sport Club Internacional. He started playing for the team at some point in time and stopped playing at another point in time.
Neale Cooper is a human being who speaks English. He is a coach for Gillingham F.C. and a member of Ross County F.C. He has a child named Alex Cooper, a footballer.
The Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium is located in Thung Kwao, Thailand. The occupants are Phrae United FC.
Atil Municipality, a municipality of Sonora, Mexico, was created on December 24, 1934, and its capital is Atil.
Visual kei is a music genre that originated in Japan in 1990 and was created in 1995. It falls under the category of Visual kei.
Old Yeller is an English novel written by Fred Gipson, from the United States.
Trimurti Films, a business based in India, was founded on January 1, 1970, in Mumbai, and is also headquartered in Mumbai.
The film Tabunungda Akaiba Likli is a film from India. It was released on 21 September 2013 and stars Gokul Athokpam. The film is in the Meitei language.
Mikael Ishak played for 1. FC Köln, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
The 1883 Buffalo Bisons baseball team season took place in the United States in the year 1883.
The 1970 season for the Atlanta Braves baseball team in the United States was a baseball team season.
Nostromo Defensa is a privately held company founded in 2006 in Córdoba, Argentina. It is a business enterprise.
The Papua New Guinea national rugby league team play at the PNG Football Stadium in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. The stadium is a sports venue.
A Thousand Lifetimes is a Contemporary R&B album by Joe Moore, released in 2015, written in the English language.
Sturminster Newton United FC is a football club in the United Kingdom. They were founded in 1871 and are named after Sturminster Newton.
Amritpal Singh, whose family name is Singh, is a human who competed in the sport of athletics, specifically in the sports discipline of long jump, for India.
The English language album Nick's Bump was released in 2004 by Nardis Records and was performed by Ben Sidran.
The New York Fund is a country rock band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 2004 and is located in London.
Potternewton Park is an urban park located in Chapeltown, Leeds, United Kingdom. It is maintained by Leeds City Council.
Richard Henry Lee served as President of the Continental Congress from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, being replaced by someone else.
BlueLine Rental is a company located in the United States. The company was founded in 2001 and has its headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. BlueLine Rental is a company organized as a company.
Barclaycard, founded in 1968, is a business in Germany. Its headquarters are located in Northampton. Barclays is its parent organization.
Stuck Between Stations is a romance film from the United States, written in English, starring Josh Hartnett. The film is set in Minnesota.
The Florida Department of Children and Families is a government agency in the United States. It was created in 1996 and is located in Tallahassee, Florida.
The film Turks & Caicos originates from the United Kingdom and is a crime film. It was originally broadcast on BBC Two and is in the English language.
Bill Buckler is a human being who played American football for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team. He is a man.
Sarah Wells, whose given name is Sarah, is a human being who was educated at the University of Toronto and is involved in the sport of athletics.
Italy was a participant in the 1978 European Athletics Championships, a sport of athletics event that took place in 1978, and is an instance of a nation at a sport competition, representing the country of Italy.
The Sepung Bridge, a bridge in South Korea, was made of concrete and opened in 2014.
The Honduran Cup (established in 1968) is the national football cup of Honduras. The season starts in June.
Victoria Square was established in 1994 in Birmingham, United Kingdom. The town square was named after Queen Victoria.
Adam Again is an alternative rock band from California, United States. They were formed in 1982.
The Apex Historic District, which has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture, is located in Apex, North Carolina, United States. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2013 season of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, an association football team from Brazil, took place in 2013.
Freigericht is a municipality in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis in Hesse, Germany. It was established in 1970.
Dominik Szoboszlai is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Red Bull Salzburg, starting his career on 21 July 2017.
Pablo Morillo was a Lieutenant at some point in time and later became a Lieutenant general, also at some point in time.
Adrian Pederick is a human being. He was educated at Urrbrae Agricultural High School. He works in South Australia. He speaks English and his native language is also English.
100 Grand is a game show broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company. The series originated from the United States and was hosted by Jack Clark.
Castle Adventure is a video game from the United States. It is a Floppy disk adventure game for the DOS.
The Land Transport Management Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that applies to New Zealand, is a New Zealand statute, was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament in 2008.
Quiet Elegance is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 1971. They perform soul music and were signed to Hi Records.
WHLD is a radio station in New York, United States. The station was founded in 1941 and is owned by Cumulus Media.
LibriVox is a virtual library and database service on the internet, founded by Hugh McGuire in August 2005.
The Li Keqiang Government was established in China on 15 March 2013 and is located in Zhongnanhai. It was preceded by the Hu-Wen Administration.
Paul Geaney, a human being, has won the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award. He has also won the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award. He is a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team.
The Walt Disney Company produced Springtime for Pluto in English. The film was made in the United States and is distributed by RKO Pictures. It is currently in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The Meadowbank ferry wharf is located in New South Wales, Australia. It is owned by Roads and Maritime Services and operated by Transdev Sydney Ferries.
London Tradition is a business in the fashion design industry founded by Mamun Chowdhury in 2001, with its headquarters located in Homerton.
Signore delle cime is a song by Bepi De Marzi, published in 1958. It is a song from Italy and is written in Italian language.
The TV series Birds of North America is in the English language. The main subject of the series is conservation and birdwatching. Wyatt Cenac is a cast member and the series originally aired on YouTube.
Adrian Banaszek is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team. He started and finished the team at the same time.
Musashino Art University, located in Tokyo, Japan, is a university established in 1962. The main category of Musashino Art University is Musashino Art University.
The Sardegna Arena, located in Cagliari, Italy, has the occupant Cagliari Calcio. The Arena was opened on 10 September 2017 and is a football stadium.
Founded in 1877, the POSB Bank is a finance company located in Singapore. It is owned by DBS Bank.
Uwins Island is located in Munster Water, part of the Bonaparte Archipelago, in Western Australia.
The European Association of Development Research and Training Institutes is a voluntary association located in Germany, specifically in Bonn. It was founded in 1975 and is registered as a non-profit organization in Germany.
The 1998 Detroit Shock season was a women's basketball season in the United States.
Mississippi Rising is a television show from the United States. It was directed by Paul Miller ( TV director ) and originally broadcast on MSNBC, which is also its distributor.
Kahkashan is a Hindi television show from India, directed by Jalal Agha and originally broadcast on DD National.
The Coinage Act of 1849 is a United States Act of Congress. It was passed by the 30th United States Congress and signed by Harry S. Truman. The Act applies to the United States.
Patrice Noukeu is a member of the K.A.A. Gent team. However, the information about the start and end time of his membership with the team is inconsistent and cannot be accurately determined.
Craig Simon was born on 17 April 1973. He is a male rugby league player and a human.
The film Blind Massage won the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film. It originated from France and China, and is set in Nanjing. The film is in the Chinese language.
The Binaural Tour, a concert tour by Pearl Jam, started on May 23rd, 2000 and ended on November 6th, 2000. It was a concert tour from the United States.
The Italian language film Ligabue was directed by Roberto Gerardi and starred Renzo Palmer. It was originally broadcast on Rai 1 in Italy.
Huddersfield Grammar School is an independent school in Kirklees, United Kingdom. It was established on January 1, 1958, and also on March 7, 1958.
Bangabasi Morning College is a higher education institution in Kolkata, Kolkata district, India. It was founded in 1965.
Alqas Mirza was a male human being and a member of the Safavid dynasty. His father was Ismail I. Alqas Mirza held the military rank of General officer.
Marlee Matlin won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work. Her work is the subject of the Academy Award for Best Actress. Her work is the subject of the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Seattle based Northwest Kidney Centers is a United States business that was founded in 1962 by Belding Hibbard Scribner.
Interior FC is an association football club that was founded in 2002 and is in the GFA League First Division. Their home ground is the Box Bar Stadium.
Daniel Rosolio is a human being who is named Daniel. He is a Knesset member and speaks Hebrew. He works at the University of Haifa.
The Greenland Airport Authority is a business, a state-owned enterprise, that was established in 1988. It operates in the fixed-base operator industry and is headquartered in Nuuk.
Drusti Parish (capital: Drusti) is located in Rauna Municipality, Latvia, and is a parish of Latvia.
Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 1895 and is part of the list of agriculture ministries. It applies to the jurisdiction of Pennsylvania.
FK Polimlje is an association football club in Serbia. The club was founded in 1926. They play in the Drina Zone League.
Business Center is a television show which was broadcast in Singapore between 2000 and 2005, originally shown on CNBC Asia.
Berlin Alexanderplatz station is adjacent to Berlin Hackescher Markt station and is connected to it by multiple lines.
\"Girls Are Out to Get You\" is a funk song by The Fascinations, produced by Curtis Mayfield and released in 1967.
Catalunya al Senat is a parliamentary group in Spain which was created in 1982. The group's ideology is Catalan nationalism and it was disbanded in 1983.
The Film School of the Aristotle University is a film school in Greece, established in 2004. It is located in Thessaloniki and is part of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
The 2015 Shenzhen landslide occurred on 20 December 2015 in Guangming District of Shenzhen, China.
The English language Rocket 88 was written by Jackie Brenston, composed by Jackie Brenston, and produced by Sam Phillips. It is based on the song Cadillac Boogie.
Blobby Volley is a sports game video game that was released on November 1, 2000 for the macOS. The game is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Luxembourg participated in the 1968 Summer Olympics on January 1, 1968, as an olympic delegation in Olympic sports.
Francis Land House is located in Virginia, United States. The house was constructed in 1986 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Ladies' Trophy was a Women's sports event held at the Sibur Arena, which is part of the WTA Premier tournament and organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Atmosfair is a nonprofit organization in Bonn, Germany. It was founded in 2005 and is a member of the Initiative Transparent Civil Society.
Kovach Island is part of the South Shetland Islands, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in or next to the Drake Passage, Antarctica.
Kenmore State High School is a state school in Queensland, Australia. It is a type of high school in North America and was established in 1972.
Mill Woods Park is an urban park in Alberta, Canada, owned by the city of Edmonton. It was opened in 1982.
The 1946-47 season was the ice hockey team season of the Detroit Red Wings, a team from the United States, and took place during the 1946-1947 one-year-period.
Daporijo is a human settlement in India. It was established on 19 June 1991. It is located in Upper Subansiri district, which it serves as the capital of.
The 1946 season was a season for the Chicago Cubs, a baseball team from the United States.
The S.A. Engineering College in Tamil Nadu, India was established in 1998. The College is affiliated with Anna University.
The Tao Group is a software company in the United Kingdom that was founded in 1992. The company is headquartered in Reading, Berkshire, and is located in the United Kingdom.
Idridgehay railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom, located in Derbyshire. It was opened in 2008 and is named after Idridgehay.
The Algona Brownies, a baseball team from the United States, was founded in 1902. They play in the Western Independent Clubs league.
Kepez Belediyesi S.K. is a basketball team in Turkey. They are located in Kepez, Antalya. They play in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
Rockets Red Glare is a Canadian alternative rock band. They were formed in 1999 and are signed to Sick Room Records.
Navia CF is a football club in Spain. The club was founded in 1960. They play in the Tercera División league and are involved in association football.
The Royal Danish Ballet (founded in 1748) is a ballet company based in Kongens Nytorv, Denmark.
Binham is a village in North Norfolk, United Kingdom, and is a civil parish.
The Castaways Hotel and Casino, which is a skyscraper, is a hotel located in Nevada, United States, and was established on January 1, 1954.
The Publishing and Trade Centre `` Marka '', which is a joint-stock company, was founded in 1857 and is headquartered in Moscow. It is a business enterprise.
Norwest Corporation is a company from the United States, founded in 1929. The company is located in Minneapolis.
989 Studios is a subsidiary located in Los Angeles in the video game industry. The company was founded by Sony Interactive Entertainment, which was founded by Sony Imagesoft.
The Language Inspectorate is a government agency in Estonia, located in Tallinn. It is an inspectorate and its parent organization is the Ministry of Education and Research.
Ballabeg station, a train station, opened on 23 July 1877 on the Isle of Man, United Kingdom. The station was closed in 1965.
John Tresse is a male handball coach. He is also a human being.
Umsaskis Lake is a lake located in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The Allagash River flows into the lake, which is situated in the country.
Kandi Technologies, a business, was founded on April 19, 2013. It is an automotive industry company headquartered in Jinhua and listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Margaret Chalmers was born in Lerwick. She is a female human being from the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Barkmere is a city or town in Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality, Canada. It was founded on March 24, 1926 and has a border with Montcalm, Quebec.
WKKC is a radio station in Illinois, in the United States. The station was launched in 1979 and is owned by the City Colleges of Chicago.
The Rouen Business School is located in Mont-Saint-Aignan, Rouen, France. It was established in 1871.
The Jenolan River is a river in Australia, located in New South Wales. It has a tributary called the Mumbedah River and its mouth is the Coxs River.
The Geometric Centre of Slovenia is a registered immobile cultural heritage of Slovenia. It is an instance of a Geographical centre located in Slivna, in the Municipality of Litija, Slovenia.
Novosti a.d. is a mass media company in Belgrade which was founded in 1953. It is owned by the Government of Serbia.
Takahiro Tanio is a human being who attended Shizuoka University. He is a forward in association football and a member of Fujieda MYFC.
The Sahuaro Ranch is a ranch located in Glendale, Arizona, United States. It is an instance of a ranch and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Khrapov was a member of PFC CSKA Moscow. His time with the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Fairmont Monte Carlo, a hotel in Monaco, was opened on 20 August 1975. The hotel is operated by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
The 2010 Oregon gubernatorial election was held in the United States on November 2, 2010 where John Kitzhaber was the successful candidate for Governor of Oregon.
Taste of China is a documentary film from China. It was released in 2015. The original language used in the film is Standard Chinese.
KEGE is a radio station in Hamilton City, California, United States. The station was founded in 2006.
The Fersman Mineralogical Museum, located in Moscow, Russia, was established in 1716 and is a geological museum named after Alexander Fersman.
The 1987 Bristol Open was a tennis tournament edition held in the United Kingdom in 1987.
Blanca Soria Morales, whose real name is Blanca, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. She is a human being who speaks Spanish and works in Mexico City.
The book Tiger Woods was written by Jeff Benedict and published in the United States by Simon & Schuster in 2018.
A Place to Stay is a song from Sweden, released in 2010. It was performed by Jenny Silver and was followed by Something in Your Eyes (Jenny Silver song).
The Osaka Maritime Museum is located in Osaka, Japan. It was established in 2000 and the architect was Paul Andreu.
Chet Brooks, the surname of which, is Chet, is a safety in the gridiron football. He played for the San Francisco 49ers and is a human being.
The film Nai Nabhannu La is a film from Nepal, released in 2014. The cast includes Jiwan Luitel. The film is in the Nepali language.
Kittanning is a borough in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1803 and is the capital of Armstrong County.
Mossis Madu, a human, was educated at Norman High School. He is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and played the position of running back. He is from the United States.
The Taunton Public Library is located in Massachusetts, United States. The architect was Albert Randolph Ross and the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lonesome Luke's Lively Life is a silent film from the United States, produced by Hal Roach and starring Bebe Daniels. The film is in the public domain.
Fantasy Pieces for Clarinet and Piano by Robert Schumann was written in 1849 and published in 1849. It is a Suite (music) for Piano.
Masashi Kita, a human, was born in Japan. He is a male mixed martial artist who competes in Mixed martial arts.
Alec Guinness received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama for his work at a certain point in time, and again for his work at another point in time.
Woburn Sands is a train station in Woburn Sands, United Kingdom. It is operated by London Midland.
The 1978 Yale Bulldogs American football team was a season for the Yale Bulldogs in the United States.
The Captain Moses W. Collyer House, which is a house, is located in the state of New York, United States. The house has the architectural style of Victorian architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2001 Summer Universiade was a multi-sport event held in Beijing, and it was part of the Universiade season in 2001.
The 1995 Topper South American Open, an ATP Buenos Aires tennis tournament edition, was held in Argentina in 1995. It was a tennis tournament.
André Steensen is a member of the Cult Energy Pro Cycling team. Unfortunately, the start and end times of his participation with the team are not specified.
Parrott Hall, a historic house, is located in New York State, United States. It has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dimitri Tatanashvili was a member of FC Dinamo Tbilisi. He started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Mitchell Stokes, whose given name is Mitchell, is a human being who plays for both Wiltshire County Cricket Club and Hampshire County Cricket Club. He is involved in the sport of cricket.
The Atacama Desert is part of the Pacific Desert ecoregion, in Chile. The main topic of the Atacama Desert is the Atacama Desert. The WWF lists it as one of its ecoregions.
Iryna Farion was a People's Deputy of Ukraine from the start to the end of a parliamentary term in an electoral district.
The Little Pudding River is a river located in Marion County, Oregon, United States. It is a river that flows into the Pudding River. The Little Pudding River is part of the Willamette River basin.
Darren Clarke won the 2000 WGC-Andersen Consulting Match Play Championship, a golf tournament held in the United States in the year 2000.
Victor Konwlo started playing for AZ Alkmaar, and his time with the team began at an unspecified start time, and ended at an unspecified end time.
The United States Post Office in Hempstead, New York, was designed by Tooker & Marsh and is a post office located in New York state, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1990 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup was an instance of ATP Long Island and a tennis tournament edition, held in the year 1990, and was organized by the Women's Tennis Association, a tennis event.
UE Sants is a football club in Spain. It was founded in 1922. The team plays in the Primera Catalana league and is involved in association football.
The 1997 Omani general election was held in Oman on 16 October 1997. It was an Omani legislative election and the election was for a Member of the Consultative Assembly of Oman. The election applied to the jurisdiction of Oman and was held in Oman.
Granville is a New England town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. It was founded on August 2, 1781 and is bordered by Roxbury, Vermont.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1795 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and is an instance of United Nations Security Council resolution. It was published on 15 January 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1794 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1796.
Airglades Airport, which is located in Clewiston, Florida, United States, was established on January 3, 1942, and is an instance of an Airport.
The Yilan Brick Kiln is located in Yilan City, Taiwan. It was established in 1938 and is a manufacturing factory.
Everything Changes is a rock music album by Julian Lennon, released in 2011. It was released on Compact disc.
Boffo Games, a video game developer in the United States, was founded in 1994 and dissolved in 1997.
Zhivko Dinev was a member of OFC Sliven 2000. He started and finished his time with the team at the same time.
Tin Maung Win is a male human being who was born on 21 February 1955. He is a politician and a member of the National League for Democracy.
Shady Deal at Sunny Acres is an episode. It was directed by Leslie H. Martinson. The genre of Shady Deal at Sunny Acres is Western (genre). Shady Deal at Sunny Acres was originally broadcast by the American Broadcasting Company. It was executive produced by William T. Orr.
The Stanislavski Russian Theatre of Yerevan, Armenia, is a theater (structure) which was founded in 1937 and is located in Yerevan, Armenia, and was opened in 1937.
Centro Sportivo Maruinense is an association football club in Maruim, Brazil. It was founded on 01 January 1917.
Bernd Kager, a human being, is a midfielder and a member of the SK Austria Klagenfurt 2007 team. His given name is Bernd and his family name is Kager.
The Isaac T. Hopper House is a historic house located in Manhattan, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Giant Horse of Oz is written in English after The Gnome King of Oz. It is part of the list of Oz books and was illustrated by John R. Neill. The Giant Horse of Oz was followed by Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz.
Polyrock is a band in the New wave music genre that was formed in 1978 in New York City, United States.
The Beaver Creek Bridge in Schleswig, Iowa, United States was designed by H. Gene McKeown & Assoc. and is a road bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pony Up is a Canadian indie pop band from Montreal that was formed in 2002.
Michael Butler is a member of Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC. He started and ended with the team at the same time.
The Northern Peninsula Area Region is a local government area of Queensland, Australia, established in 2008.
Frederik de Wit, whose family is Frederik de Wit, is from Amsterdam. He is a native Dutch speaker and writes in the Dutch language. He speaks the Dutch language and his notable work is Stedenatlas De Wit.
Knowledge Ecology International, a nonprofit organization located in the United States, was founded in 1995 and also in 2006. The organization is managed by James Love ( NGO director ).
Hal Partenheimer played for the Detroit Express, a team that existed from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The English language literary work Lucy Temple is a novel named after Lucy and was written by Susanna Rowson.
The Organ Festival of Braga is a recurring music festival held in Braga, Portugal, established in 2014.
The Créteil International Women's Film Festival is a film festival held in Créteil, France, in March, and was founded in 1978.
The Men's Pro Challenger at Tunica National is a recurring tennis tournament held in the United States. It is a type of tennis tournament and is located in Tunica Resorts, Mississippi.
Forever in My Heart is a television series from the Philippines. The series is in the Tagalog language and was created by GMA Network, which is also the original network that broadcast the series.
Hull High School is located in Massachusetts, United States. It is a high school and was established in 1964. It is part of the Hull Public Schools district.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program is an award given by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences and was first awarded in 1959. It comes from the United States.
Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School is located in Osaka, Japan. The school is an instance of a high school, specifically a high school in North America. It was established in 1873 and is affiliated with the Osaka Prefectural Education Center.
Tonga National Rugby League, which was founded in 1949, is the sports governing body for Tonga. It is the sport of rugby league.
WMQT, a radio station in Marquette, Michigan, in the United States, was founded in 1971.
The Heublein Tower is located in Connecticut, United States. It is an instance of a museum and was designed by the architects Smith & Bassette. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Wallace Roney is the performer of the jazz album Jazz, which was released in 2007 by HighNote Records.
Jasper National Park is a Dark-sky preserve. It was approved by the International Dark-Sky Association and started in 2011.
David Feffer is a human being. He is a male and his name is David Feffer. He studied at Mackenzie Presbyterian University and is a businessperson.
The Thaw (novelette) is a literary work written in English by Tanith Lee and published on January 1, 1979. It belongs to the genre of Novel.
The company RapidMind, which was founded in 2004, is located in Waterloo, Ontario. The company was founded by Stefanus Du Toit.
The 1936 Washington Huskies American football team was a season for the Washington Huskies in the United States.
SU Agen Football is an association football club in France, established in 1922. The club plays in the Championnat National 3 league, which is a part of Association football.
The Lambung Mangkurat University is a university in Indonesia that was established in 1958. The university is located in Banjarmasin.
The Portugal Fed Cup team is a national team from Portugal. They compete in the Women's tennis competition and in the Fed Cup.
Plum Brandy is owned by Charles Deudon and Paul Mellon. It is located in the National Gallery of Art and is part of its collection. Plum Brandy depicts coffee.
The 1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse was a tennis tournament edition held in France in 1995.
Action for Children's Television is a non-profit organization founded in 1968 by Peggy Charren in Newton, Massachusetts.
Francis Tomkinson, born in the United Kingdom, is a human being. He plays for the England cricket team.
The Japanese language album Desk Top Hard Lock was released in 1994 by DIW Records and was performed by Hikaru Kotobuki.
Persipo Purwakarta is an association football club from Indonesia. Their home ground is the Purnawarman Stadium and they compete in the Liga Indonesia Second Division.
Tony Casillas, known as Tony, is a US national who played for the Dallas Cowboys. He won the Lombardi Award and is a human being.
Loudon, Tennessee is in the United States. The city was founded in 1790 and is the capital of Loudon County.
The PooPoo PeePee Tour, a concert tour by Blink-182, started on July 27, 1998 in the United States and ended on October 25, 1998.
The Weston County Courthouse in Wyoming, United States was designed by Charles A. Randall and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gmina Jastkow is a rural municipality in Lublin County, Poland. Its main category is Gmina Jastkow. Gmina Niemce is a neighbouring municipality.
Hwado Station is a train station in North Korea, owned by the Korean State Railway. It was opened in July 1938.
The 1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team was a baseball team season for the Texas Longhorns in the United States.
The Hanshin 9000 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive operated by Hanshin Electric Railway. It was manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Rolling Stock Company and entered service in 1996.
Larry Ned is a human being who graduated from San Diego State University. He is a running back and played for the Minnesota Vikings.
The Last Horse Carriage in Berlin is set in Berlin and was filmed in Berlin. The film is from Germany and features Lupu Pick in the cast. The director of photography was Tony Frenguelli.
Aleppo Eyalet was founded in 1534 and was in the Ottoman Empire. Its capital was Aleppo and the Eyalet was abolished in 1864.
The Van Vredenburg Farm, a historic house, is located in the state of New York, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Doomtree is a hip hop collective from the United States, specifically within the genres of Hip hop music and Alternative hip hop, and is comprised of member Dessa.
Skynyrd Frynds is a compilation album of country rock music from the United States. The album was released in 1994 by MCA Records.
Railroad Tigers is a film from China, set in Shandong. It is in Mandarin Chinese and stars He Yunwei and Hiroyuki Ikeuchi.
The Wilton House Museum, a house, was founded in 1750 and is located in Virginia, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
KUDL is a radio station in California, United States. It is a radio station that was founded on 01 January 1957 and is owned by Entercom.
Joe Scarborough is the host of the television show Scarborough Country, which was originally broadcast on MSNBC in English. The show originates from the United States.
The 2010 Women's World Open Squash Championship was a women's sports competition in Sharm El Sheikh, which is an instance of the World Squash Championships, and took place in 2010.
Jean Monet, the son of Claude Monet and Camille Doncieux, is a human being. He has a brother named Michel Monet. Jean Monet was married to Blanche Hoschedé Monet.
The Century (automobile) is a type of automobile manufacturer located in the United States, with its headquarters in Detroit. It was founded in 1912 and dissolved in 1915.
The Summer Is Magic is a Eurodance single. It was released on July 28, 1994. It was performed by Playahitty and produced by Emanuele Asti.
The Charlotte Lady Eagles are a women's association football club from the United States, established in 2003, that plays Association football.
Don 2: The King is Back is a video game published by Excel Entertainment, developed by Gameshastra, and released on February 00, 2013 for the PlayStation 2.
Unicorn is a rock band from Japan. They were formed in 1986 and are signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2103 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was an instance of United Nations Security Council resolution. It was published on 22 May 2013. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2102 and followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2104.
Koulpélogo Province (capital Ouargaye) is located in the Centre-Est Region of Burkina Faso and is a province of Burkina Faso.
Tokyo Sogensha is a member of the Shuppan Azusakai and is located in Tokyo, Japan. It was founded in February 1948.
Leningrad (band), whose main genre is Ska punk, was formed in Saint Petersburg. Leningrad (band) is named after Leningrad and has Sergey Shnurov as a member.
Pivit is a punk rock band from San Diego, United States. They were formed in 1994.
Seacliff railway station is located in South Australia. It is a train station on the Seaford railway line and was opened in 1915.
Sophie Dodemont, a human being, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in archery. She also participated in the Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics - Women's team. Her given name is Sophie.
Gulripshi District is located within the Republic of Abkhazia and its capital is Gulripshi. It is a district of Abkhazia which has a border with the Sukhumi District.
Terra di nessuno is an album by Francesco De Gregori, released in 1987 on Columbia Records. It follows Scacchi e tarocchi.
The Madison Green Historic District is a historic district located in Madison, Connecticut, United States. It is an instance of a historic district and includes the Deacon John Grave House. The district is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Hongdong West railway station is a train station in China operated by the China Railway Taiyuan Group. The station is connected to the Datong-Xi'an passenger railway and is adjacent to the Huozhou East railway station.
The Oaks Airfield, located in New South Wales, Australia, is an airport serving the transport hub of The Oaks, New South Wales.
Ismael Ordaz Jimenez is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His given name is Ismael. He is a human being who lives in Mexico City and speaks Spanish.
Cherokee High School in New Jersey, United States was founded in 1975. It is a high school and is part of the Lenape Regional High School District.
Chandos Lake is located in Ontario, Canada. Its outflow is the Crowe River.
TeraView, a business founded by Michael Pepper in 2001, is a United Kingdom based company with its headquarters located in Cambridge.
Great Dunham is a village and civil parish in the Breckland District, United Kingdom.
Plaza West Covina is a shopping mall located in California, United States. It was established in 1975 and opened in 1975.
Cines del Sur is a film festival in Granada, Spain. It was founded in 2001 and it is held in June.
Molson Brewery is a joint-stock company that produces beer in the brewing industry. It was founded by John Molson and is owned by Molson Coors Brewing Company.
KMHD is a radio station in Oregon, in the United States. The station was launched in 1984 and is owned by Mt. Hood Community College.
Harpenden Common Golf Club is located in Harpenden, United Kingdom.
WFCF is a radio station in Florida, in the United States. The station was launched in 1993 and is owned by Flagler College.
Oxford Rugby League is a sports league in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2012. It is an instance of a sports league. The league is based in the United Kingdom and the sport is rugby league. However, they also compete in rugby union.
Alonsotegi is a municipality in Greater Bilbao, Spain. It was founded in 1191 and shares a border with Arrankudiaga. It is a municipality of Spain.
Betty Degner, a female human, was born in Amboy, Illinois, and played baseball.
Oculus Sacerdotis is a Book written in Latin from the Kingdom of England by William of Pagula and published in 1320.
The Heavy Pets is a rock band from the United States, formed in 2005 in Goshen, New York.
XEQ-FM is a radio station in Mexico City, Mexico, that was founded on 1 January 1957. The station is owned by Radiópolis.
Kinel is a city/town in Russia. It was founded on 01 January 1837 and is located in Kinel Urban Area, serving as the capital of Kinelsky District.
Tell City is a city in the United States, located in Perry County, Indiana. It was founded in July 1857 and is the capital of Perry County, Indiana.
Gary Spani is a human being who attended Kansas State University and is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs. He is a linebacker.
Teach For America, a nonprofit organization founded by Wendy Kopp in 1989, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in New York City.
The International Journal of Mass Spectrometry is a scientific journal published in English. The journal was established in 1968 and is published by Elsevier. The main subject of the journal is mass spectrometry.
Matsumoto City Gymnasium is an arena located in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan. It is owned by Matsumoto, Nagano and operated by Matsumoto, Nagano.
Braveheart was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, but it was the winner. The award is the subject of a statement, and the statement is also the subject of another statement.
Raymond Stross was born in Leeds. He is a human being, a man, and was educated at Abingdon School.
Kathanayaki is a romantic comedy film from India. It was directed by K. Ramnoth and produced by T.R. Sundaram. The original language of the film is Tamil.
Petite Mustique is an island in the Grenadines Parish in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Caribbean.
Bhavna (film) is a Hindi drama film from India. The screenwriter is Mushtaq Jalili and Shabana Azmi is a cast member. The original language of the film is Hindi.
The Tyndale Bulletin is a scientific journal published in English by Tyndale House, Cambridge. It was established in England in 1956.
Mikhail Stasyulevich was the editor of Vestnik Evropy.
The 2018 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders American football team was a season for the Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders in the United States.
Linn Run State Park, a Pennsylvania state park, was established in 1909 and is located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The park is categorized as a Natural Monument or Feature.
Kingswear railway station is a train station located in Kingswear, United Kingdom, and was opened in 1864. It is named after Kingswear.
William Little, a human, attended Science Hill High School and Milligan College. He works for Major League Baseball.
Leandro Sapetti is a defender who plays for Club Atlético Temperley. He is a human being who speaks Spanish.
The Skyline Sports Complex is a sports venue in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States. Penn FC is the occupant of the Skyline Sports Complex.
Brad Schneider graduated from Northwestern University with an academic degree. The end time for his education at Northwestern University is unknown.
The comedy film Punching Henry, released on 13 March 2016, originates from the United States. The film's language is English.
The Budapest City Archives, a municipal archive, was founded in 1873 in Budapest, Hungary.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1361 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and is an instance of United Nations Security Council resolution. It was published on July 5, 2001. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1360 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1362.
Chuncheon Civic Stadium is located in Chuncheon, South Korea. It was opened in 1980 and its occupant is Ulsan Hyundai FC.
Club Rachad Bernoussi is an association football club in Morocco. The club was founded in 1961 and participates in the Botola 2 league.
The Stehekin River is located in the North Cascades National Park in the state of Washington, in the United States. The Stehekin River flows into Lake Chelan.
The Bulgarian Development Bank is a national development bank in Bulgaria. It was founded in 1999 and is located in Sofia. The bank provides financial services.
Tres Chicas is a rock and pop band from the United States that performs country music. They were formed in 1999 and are signed to Yep Roc Records.
Adina World Beat Beverages, a San Francisco based company in the drink industry, was founded in 2004 in San Francisco and is a business located in San Francisco.
The architect of Street Hall in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, was Peter Bonnett Wight. The hall was completed in 1864.
Eastar Jet is a South Korean airline (instance of: Airline) headquartered in Gangseo District, Seoul. It was founded in 2007 and its hub is Gimpo International Airport.
The 1880 Buffalo Bisons baseball team season was a season for the Buffalo Bisons in the United States.
ERROR This is the same data as before. The lexicalisation is:\n\n"Irvine Bank Street railway station is a train station located in Irvine, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom. It is operated by Caledonian Railway.
Tianjin Dongli F.C. is an association football club in China. The club was founded in 2006 and participates in the China League Two.
Alfie are an Indie rock band from Manchester. They were formed in 1999 and are signed to Twisted Nerve Records.
FC Lashyn is an association football club from Kazakhstan, established in 2009. The team plays in the Kazakhstan First Division league.
Mississauga Power, a basketball team from Canada, were founded in 2011. Their home ground is Paramount Fine Foods Centre.
Harriet Pollatsek studied at the University of Michigan, where she was a major, received a degree, and was advised by a doctoral advisor at a certain point in time.
Jean Smart is the actress who portrays the character Martha Logan in the TV series 24. Martha Logan is a fictional human being who has Aaron Pierce as her partner.
Belén F.C. is an association football club in Costa Rica. The club was founded on 13 June 1979 and plays in the Liga FPD.
Berlin Westkreuz station is adjacent to Berlin-Charlottenburg station and is connected to it by multiple lines.
Moorestown High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It was established on January 1, 1904 and is part of the Moorestown Township Public Schools.
The 1928 Tulsa Golden Hurricane American football team was a season for the Tulsa Golden Hurricane in the United States.
Chaker Alhadhur played for Stade Malherbe Caen. He started playing for the team at an unknown time and finished at an unknown time.
Manazuru, a town in Japan, is located in Ashigarashimo District, Kanagawa. It is a municipality of Japan. The main topic of the town is Manazuru, Kanagawa.
The 1912 Oklahoma Sooners American football team was a season for the Oklahoma Sooners in the United States.
Homi Bhabha National Institute, a deemed university, was founded by the Department of Atomic Energy in 2005 and is located in Mumbai, India.
The Bedford Road Historic District is a historic district located in New York State, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Kerala Panineeyam is a Malayalam book from India written by A.R. Raja Raja Varma and published in 1896.
Field Island is an island located in Frobisher Bay, part of the Arctic Archipelago, in Nunavut, Canada.
Redeemer's University Nigeria, located in Lagos, Nigeria, is a university established in 2005.
Alsunga Municipality, Latvia, is a municipality of Latvia, located in Latvia. Its capital is Alsunga. It was created in 2009.
Written by Mo Willems, the book That is NOT a Good Idea! is a children's literature book published in the United States in January 2013.
Sirens are a rock and pop band from Newcastle upon Tyne. The band's genre is Contemporary R&B and they were formed in 2003. They are signed to Kitchenware Records.
The Coupe Dodge is a women's ice hockey tournament held in Canada, established in 2003.
Manuel Burgos is a member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party and held the position of Vice President of Paraguay. He is known by the name Manuel Burgos and is a human being.
David Lovell, a human being, is a cricket player who is a member of the Wales Minor Counties Cricket Club and represents Wales in the sport.
The 2001 American football team season for the Wisconsin Badgers was in the United States.
Goytre United FC is an association football club from the United Kingdom. They are an association football club, based in the United Kingdom, and their home ground is the Glenhafod Park Stadium. They compete in the Welsh Football League Division One.
IHH Healthcare, a business in Malaysia, was founded on 01 January 1974 and is located in Kuala Lumpur. It belongs to the Category:IHH Healthcare category.
Huju Chongnyon Station in North Korea is operated by the Korean State Railway. The station was opened on 27 November 1987 and is a train station on the Pukpu Line.
Barkchi is an association football club that was founded in 2006. The club is based in Dushanbe and competes in the Tajikistan Higher League, which is a league for Association football.
The Pine Leaf Boys are a musical ensemble from the United States. They are a group that performs Cajun music. Their record label is Arhoolie Records and they are part of the United States. The group includes Wilson Savoy.
Lache Seastrunk graduated from Temple High School in Texas. He is an American football running back who plays for the Calgary Stampeders. He is a human being.
The West Coast Pirates, a rugby league team from Australia, was founded in 2012. They are a team that competes in rugby league, although they also compete in rugby union.
Argentino de Mendoza is an association football club from Argentina. It was founded on 10 January 1925 and plays in the Torneo Argentino C league.
Wembley Central station is adjacent to Stonebridge Park station and is connected to it. It is connected to Stonebridge Park station. It is connected to Stonebridge Park station towards.
Chacaltaya is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in Bolivia, La Paz Department, South America.
The main category of Moscow State Forest University is Moscow State Forest University, which is located in Moscow, Russia. The university was founded in 1919 and is an instance of a University.
Nightwing is a progressive rock band from the United Kingdom, formed in 1978, also from the United Kingdom.
The Kaidatsky Bridge is located in Dnipro, Ukraine. It is a road bridge that crosses the Dnieper. It was opened on 10 November 1982.
Vladimir Sournin, a human, chess player from the United States.
Billy Brawn, a human being, is also known as Billy. He is a member of Chelsea FC and Aston Villa FC, and he represents England in sports.
The Far East Organization, founded in 1962 by Ng Teng Fong, is a retail business located in Singapore.
Rice & Hutchins, a United States business, was founded by William B. Rice in 1866 and is based in Boston.
The Mitsubishi Galant is a car model from Japan manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, a Japanese company, and it is a part of the family car series.
Vernon Township High School is a high school located in New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1975 and is part of the Vernon Township School District.
Shiozawa, Niigata is a human settlement in Japan. It is located in Minami-Uonuma District, Niigata. Shiozawa, Niigata is a town of Japan. It is different from Shiozawa.
Pedro Cateriano was the Prime Minister of Peru from start time to end time. He was replaced by someone and replaced Pedro Cateriano.
ESM Koléa is an association football club in Algeria. The club was founded in 1946. They compete in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur league, which is a part of association football.
José Yudica was a member of the Talleres de Remedios de Escalada team, but the start and end times are not specified.
HNZ Group, an airline, was founded in 1987. It is based in Les Cèdres, Quebec, Canada. The company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Gilles Fortin, whose given name is Gilles, is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. Gilles Fortin is a human being who speaks English.
Storm in a Cocoon is a television drama. It originated in Hong Kong and was produced by TVB. The drama ended on 28 March 2014 and is in Cantonese.
Baldwin Street is named after William Baldwin, a New Zealand politician. It is a street located in Otago, New Zealand.
Manuel Schwenk is a human being. He plays for Holstein Kiel in the 2. Bundesliga league and is a member of the Germany national under-18 football team. He represents Germany in sports.
The 1973 American football team season for the Boise State Broncos was in the United States.
Jimm is a Java based instant messaging client that was created in 2004. It is available on the Java Virtual Machine and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Birmingham Athletics is a basketball team from the United Kingdom, established in 2004. They compete in the English Basketball League.
Davide Facchin was a member of F.C. Pavia. He started playing for the team and ended his career with the team. The exact start and end time of his career is not specified.
The 1957 American football season for the Louisville Cardinals was in the United States.
Gagan Dosanjh, whose family name is Dosanjh, is a midfielder. He is a member of the Fraser Valley Mariners and FC Edmonton teams and is a human being.
M Financial Group is a privately held company founded by Peter W. Mullin in 1978, with headquarters in Portland, Oregon, and is a privately held company.
McMullin Island is an island, part of the Windmill Islands, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the Southern Ocean, and is situated on the continent of Antarctica.
Katsuo Okazaki was the Chief Cabinet Secretary who started his term and was replaced by someone else. He was succeeded by someone else and his term ended.
BM Ciudad Real is a handball team from Spain. They were founded in 1981 and play their home games at the Quijote Arena.
The Center Street Bridge is a road bridge that crosses the Willamette River in Oregon, United States. It was opened on 30 July 1918.
Bo Harris, the name of which includes the given name Bo, is a linebacker who played for the Cincinnati Bengals and is a human being.
The Cessna 162 Skycatcher is a type of aircraft. It is a model of aircraft. It is manufactured by Cessna. It entered service in December 2009. It was first flown on 13 October 2006.
Mount Stevenson is a mountain in the Absaroka Range of Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, in the United States.
The Beallsville Historic District is located in Beallsville, Pennsylvania, United States. It is a historic district with the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1994 Oklahoma Sooners American football team was a season for the Oklahoma Sooners in the United States.
Gene Corum is a human being who plays American football for the West Virginia Mountaineers. His given name is Gene. He is a man.
The 1936 Wimbledon Championships - Mixed Doubles was a mixed doubles tennis event that took place in 1936 as part of the 1936 Wimbledon Championships.
Jiangpu Park station is located in Shanghai, China. It was opened on December 29, 2013 and is a train station on Line 12 of the Shanghai metro.
Ronald James is a human being, his given name is Ronald and his surname is James. He is a fullback and a member of the Maesteg RFC team.
Michael Gibson was a member of Penrith City SC, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
St Neots Town F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1879 and plays in the Southern Football League.
Nicholas Ashton is a human being. He is a cricketer from the United Kingdom. He was educated at Oriel College, Oxford. His given name is Nicholas.
The Festival of Flanders is a music festival in Mechelen, Belgium. It is also a festival and focuses on performing arts.
The Fincastle Historic District is a historic district located in Virginia, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Josh Willie, a member of the Australian Labor Party, is a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. Josh is his name, his family name is Willie and he is a human.
The comic novel Trust Me was written by Rajashree and was published in India in 2006.
The Lamar Community Center, which is a community centre, is located in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin, United States. It has the architectural style of American Craftsman and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Institute of Higher National Diploma in Engineering is affiliated to the University Grants Commission in Sri Lanka. It was established in 1978 and is located in Colombo.
Sevenoaks District, located in Kent, United Kingdom, is a non-metropolitan district with its capital in Sevenoaks. It was established on April 1, 1974.
Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera is a member of the National Action Party of Mexico. His given name is Jorge. He lives in Mexico City and is a human being who speaks Spanish.
Warren, Pennsylvania is a city in Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1795 and is the capital of Warren County, Pennsylvania.
Serge Savard, a defenceman, played in the National Hockey League. He was awarded the Panthéon des sports du Québec and the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy. He was a member of the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Walter Hussey is a human being from the United Kingdom. He was educated at Keble College, Oxford. His name is Walter Hussey and he held the position of Dean of Chichester.
Mind Odyssey is a rock and pop band from Germany. They were formed in 1993. They are a progressive metal band and were signed to Napalm Records.
The Peugeot 304 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot and is the follow up to the Peugeot 204. It is followed by the Peugeot 305.
Freemacs is a text editor for the operating system FreeDOS. It was developed by Russ Nelson, uses the Emacs Lisp programming language and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
The Miss Namibia pageant is a female beauty pageant located in Windhoek, Namibia. It is an instance of a female beauty pageant and was founded in 1980. The main category of the pageant is Category:Miss Namibia.
The pop music single "Silver Lady" by David Soul was released in August 1977 on the Private Stock Records label.
Fortino Carrillo Sandoval is a member of the National Action Party (Mexico). His given name is Fortino. He is a human being who worked in Mexico City and speaks Spanish.
The City of Cessnock, with its capital at Cessnock, New South Wales, was established on January 1, 1906. It is a local government area located in New South Wales, Australia.
The Oxo Tower is a mixed-use building located in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom. It is a tower with an Art Deco architectural style.
Granly Hockey Arena is located in Esbjerg Municipality, Denmark. It was built in 1976 and is occupied by Esbjerg Energy.
Joe Ayrault, a human being, was educated at Sarasota High School. He played for the Atlanta Braves as a catcher.
Bubal Station, operated by Korail, is a train station in South Korea. It is located on the Gyeonggang Line and was opened on 24 September 2016.
Danilo Clementino played for Serra Talhada Futebol Clube. He started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
Khun Chai Ronapee is a Thai television series directed by Chatchai Plengpanich. It is a soap opera from Thailand and originally aired on Channel 3 ( Thailand ).
Kamut Lake is located in the Kitikmeot region of Canada. The Coppermine River is an outflow of the lake.
The 2015 North Texas Mean Green American football team was a season for the North Texas Mean Green in the United States.
The Michael Vick Project is a reality television show that was broadcast on BET in the United States. It began on January 26, 2010.
Atlantic Sun Conference, which was founded in 1978, is a sports league based on association football.
One Giant Leap is an episode of the television series. It was first broadcast on October 9, 2006. The episode was directed by Greg Beeman and written by Jeph Loeb. The original language of the episode is English.
The TV series Hot Ice originates from Russia and was broadcasted on Channel One Russia from 3 January 2009 to 30 June 2009.
South Lakes High School is a high school in Virginia, United States. It was established in 1979 and is part of the Fairfax County Public Schools.
ZMDI is a German business, founded in 1961, with its headquarters in Dresden. It is organized as an Aktiengesellschaft.
Sant Pau is a restaurant in Spain which was founded by Carme Ruscalleda in 1988. Sant Pau closed on 27 October 2018.
The 1999 American football team season for the Boise State Broncos was in the United States.
Edward Grenfell, 1st Baron St Just was a Member of the 34th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was the son of Henry Grenfell. He was also a Member of the 36th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was educated at Harrow School. He spoke English.
Li Qishi, whose surname is Li, competed in the sport of speed skating in China. Li Qishi is a human being.
The Towers of Silence, written in English, is published by Heinemann. It is set in India and is the sequel to The Day of the Scorpion. It was followed by A Division of the Spoils.
Smederevo Hall is a sports venue in Smederevo, Serbia. The occupants of the hall are KK Smederevo 1953.
James Roby, whose name is James, is a human being who plays rugby league for the England national rugby league team and the Great Britain national rugby league team.
The Tokyo Ginko Kyokai Building in Japan was completed in September 1993 and is a skyscraper owned by Mitsubishi Estate.
Brian Boyle is a centre player who was born in the United States and attended Boston College. He was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings and later played for the New York Rangers.
Hatalov is a municipality of Slovakia which was created in 1278. It is situated in Michalovce District in the Eastern Slovak Lowland.
Sichuan Normal University in Chengdu, China was established on January 1st, 1938. The main category of Sichuan Normal University is Sichuan Normal University.
Bizhbulyaksky District was created on 15 January 1965. It is a municipal district. The capital of the district is Bizhbulyak. It shares borders with Belebeyevsky District and Miyakinsky District.
Diyan Petkov is a human being who plays association football for PFC Naftex Burgas as a midfielder.
Interchange21, a shopping mall in Khlong Toei Nuea, Thailand, was established in 2008 and opened in 2008.
The Falls Bridge is a truss bridge which crosses the Schuylkill River in Pennsylvania, United States. It was inaugurated in June 1895.
Solanin is a romance anime and manga from Japan, written by Inio Asano, with the original language being Japanese. The main subject of the series is Music.
Diana Ossana was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for her work. Her work is the subject of the statement. Her work is the subject of the statement.
Rajapaksha Central College is a school in Weeraketiya, Sri Lanka, which was founded by C.W.W. Kannangara in 1940.
Hideko Goto is an athlete. She was born on 30 March 1949. Her sport is table tennis. Hideko Goto is a female and a human.
Zonda Telecom, a Mexican company, was founded in 1968 and is located in Guadalajara, Mexico. The company's headquarters is also in Guadalajara.
Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw is a film from the United States, distributed by American International Pictures, starring Gerrit Graham, in the English language, and filmed in New Mexico.
Ialoveni District is located in Moldova. It is a district of Moldova, with its capital at Ialoveni, established in 2002.
Charles Chun, a human being, is an actor who graduated from Connecticut College. His real name is Charles Chun and he is a man.
Boryslav is a city of regional significance in Ukraine, located in Lviv Oblast. It was founded in 1387.
Eagle Lake, which is a lake, is located in Ontario, Canada. The lake is situated in Canada and its outflow is the Eagle River.
José Quirante was a member of FC Barcelona, but the exact start and end times are unknown.
Globe Wernicke is a United States manufacturing company founded in 1899 and succeeded by the Sheller-Globe Corporation.
The Legislative Assembly of Madeira is located in Casa da Alfandega do Funchal, Madeira, Portugal. The Legislative Assembly of Madeira has a member.
Kenneth Kronholm played for VfL Wolfsburg. He started and ended playing for the team at the same time.
Peterborough & Fletton United FC, who play in the Southern Football League, were active between 1923 and 1932. The club is an association football team whose home ground is the London Road Stadium.
KSLU is a radio station located in Louisiana, United States. It is owned by Southeastern Louisiana University and licensed to broadcast to Hammond, Louisiana.
KXEW, a radio station in South Tucson, Arizona, in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1963.
Culture Convenience Club, a Japanese business, was founded in 1982 in Hirakata. The company is based in Tokyo, Japan.
The Holden Commodore (VZ) is a car model made by General Motors. It is the successor to the Holden Commodore (VY), and was succeeded by the Holden Commodore (VE).
Hattie McDaniel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work.
The film Cactus Flower was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, but it was the winner of the award. The film is the subject of a statement, and the subject of another statement.
Panormos is a village located on the island of Tinos, in the Tinos Regional Unit, Tinos Municipality, Greece.
Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C. is an association football club from the United Kingdom, founded in 1958. They compete in the Southern Football League.
Al Mahwit is a city in Yemen. It is located in Al Mahwit Governorate, which is a district in Yemen. Al Mahwit is the capital of Al Mahwit Governorate.
The Boeing C-137 Stratoliner is a subclass of the Boeing 707. It is manufactured by Boeing and was first flown on 31 December 1958. It is used for airlift.
Teno Airport, located in the Colchagua Province, is in Chile. The airport serves the transport hub of Teno.
Jackie Stewart was educated at Dumbarton Academy. He is a member of the Equipe Matra Sports team. He has a brother named Jimmy Stewart, a racing driver. He is also a father to Paul Stewart, another racing driver. He speaks English.
Beijing Design Week is a recurring event in Beijing, China, focused on the field of Design, and it began in 2009.
Virginia Damerini is an opera singer, born in Italy. She is a female human being who uses her voice as an instrument.
Ketnetpop is a Belgian television show, created in 2008, directed by Frank Van Laecke, originally in Dutch.
Marucci Sports, a business based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, produces sports equipment, specifically baseball bats, and was founded in 2002.
Buchanan Street is a shopping street in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
The Charterhouse of the Transfiguration is a Charterhouse (monastery) in Arlington, Vermont, United States. It was established in 1950 and belongs to the Carthusians order.
James Margolis, a human being, competed in fencing at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He graduated from Columbia University.
Francisco Jimenez Merino, known as Francisco, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He is a human being who speaks Spanish and works in Mexico City.
Buena Regional High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1971 and is part of the Buena Regional School District.
Guayaquil City F.C. is an association football club from Ecuador, established on September 7, 2007. They compete in the Ecuadorian Serie B league, which is a part of the sport of Association football.
Gayle Hopkins is a human being whose sport is the sport of athletics and whose given name is Gayle. Gayle Hopkins competes in the long jump.
Fernando Solana is a human being who lives in Mexico City, holds the position of member of the Senate of Mexico, and speaks Spanish.
WPEP is a radio station in Taunton, Massachusetts, United States. The station was founded in 1949.
American Pharoah won the 2015 Breeders' Cup Classic on 31 October 2015, a horse racing event that was part of the 2015 Breeders' Cup.
The Panhard VCR is an armoured personnel carrier from France, manufactured by Panhard. It entered service on 01 January 1979 and was used in the Iran -- Iraq War.
The Lee Plaza (Detroit) is a revenue house located in Detroit, United States. It has the Art Deco style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Andy Sutton is a human being who plays cricket. He is a member of Wiltshire County Cricket Club and also played for Herefordshire County Cricket Club.
WADS is a radio station in Ansonia, Connecticut, United States. The station was founded in 1986.
Philippe Myers is a human being. His given name is Philippe Myers and his family name is Myers. He is a member of the Philadelphia Flyers in the National Hockey League.
BluePhoenix Solutions, a business in Israel, was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Herzliya. Nasdaq is the stock exchange for BluePhoenix Solutions.
The MV Ancona is a ship built at the Lindholmen Shipyard in Panama City. It is owned by Minoan Lines.
The 1973 Alabama Crimson Tide American football team was a season for the Alabama Crimson Tide in the United States.
Paul Moreno is a Mexican footballer who played for the Mexico national football team, starting in 1957 and ending in 1962.
The Grand Trunk Bridge in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, is a bridge over the South Saskatchewan River and was opened in March 1908.
Slirp is a software program which was created on 30 March 1995. It is a software, released on 30 March 1995, and is a Unix-like operating system. It is licensed under a permissive software license.
Acapetahua is a municipality in Mexico. It is the capital of Acapetahua. Acapetahua is located in the state of Chiapas. Acapetahua is a type of municipality in Mexico. Acapetahua is different from itself.
The Crewe & Nantwich Steamers, a sports team from the United Kingdom, was founded in 2003. They compete in the sport of rugby union.
Argyle Park is a band from the United States. It was formed in 1994 and is signed to R.E.X. Records. However, Argyle Park is not different from itself.
Citizen Joe is an episode of the television series which was first broadcast on January 8, 2005. It was written by Robert C. Cooper and directed by Andy Mikita. The original language of the series is English.
Ed Puskarich played for DFW Tornados. The exact start and end times of his tenure with the team are unknown.
South Forsyth High School is located in Georgia in the United States. It was established in 1989 and is part of the Forsyth County Schools.
John Hurt was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Motion Picture for his work. He was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Motion Picture for his work at some point in time.
Dave Kraayeveld, a human being, attended Milton College. He played for the Seattle Seahawks as a defensive end.
Dawn of the Replicants is an Indie rock musical ensemble formed in Galashiels in 1996. The band is signed to East West Records.
Kinetic Engineering Limited, founded by H.K. Firodia in 1972, is a business based in India with headquarters in Pune.
The Catalan Nationalist Party was founded in 1932 and dissolved in 1936. The party's ideology is the Catalan independence movement. It was a political party in Spain.
The Catcher is from the United States and is set in California. It stars David Heavener and was filmed in Arizona, originally in English.
Bastian Schweinsteiger is a citizen of Germany. He ended his time with the Germany national football team and the Germany national under 21 football team.
Longridge is a town and civil parish in the Ribble Valley, United Kingdom.
Binta International School in Ejigbo, Nigeria was founded by Wale Adenuga in 1994. It is a school.
Streatfeild Lake is a lake located in Ontario, Canada, and its outflow is the Streatfeild River, also located in Canada.
The opera Voodoo, composed by Harry Lawrence Freeman, is in the English language. Harry Lawrence Freeman is also the librettist of Voodoo, which is an opera. Voodoo was first performed on 10 September 1928.
The Splendid fairywren is a taxon endemic to Australia. It is the least-concern species and its parent taxon is Malurus.
Bruno Marioni played for Sporting CP. He started playing for the team at an unknown time and ended his time with the team at an unknown time.
28 State Street is a high-rise building designed by Emery Roth in the United States. It is located in Massachusetts and was completed in 1970.
Francesca Pomeri is a human who resides in Filottrano. Her given name is Francesca and she plays water polo for the Italy women's national water polo team.
Pleiades' Dust is the follow up album to Colored Sands by Gorguts. It was released on 13 May 2016 and was produced by Colin Marston.
Biseni is a modern language, a subclass of Ijaw languages, from Bayelsa State, Nigeria.
The Florida International University Alumni Association is an alumni association located in Miami, United States, and is part of Florida International University, falling under the category Florida International University alumni.
SkyMall is an e-commerce business founded by Bob Worsley in 1990, headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey.
The Otowi Historic District, which is an instance of a house, is located in New Mexico, United States. The district has the Pueblo Revival architecture style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Puslinch is a human settlement in Canada. It is located in Wellington County, Ontario, and is a lower-tier municipality. It borders Milton, Ontario.
Underwood Park, Rochedale is a sports venue located in Rochedale, Queensland, Australia. It is owned by the Government of Queensland and is occupied by Rochedale Rovers FC.
Khors Air is an airline based in Ukraine. It was founded in 1990 and is located in Kiev. The airline is of the type Airline and its hub is Boryspil International Airport.
Doraville, Georgia is a city in the United States, located in DeKalb County, Georgia. It was founded on January 1st, 1871. The main category for Doraville, Georgia is Category:Doraville, Georgia.
The forensic archaeologist Caroline Sturdy Colls was awarded the European Archaeological Heritage Prize. She studied at the University of Birmingham and is an employee of Staffordshire University. Her research is focused on human forensics.
Brooklyn Park is a city in Hennepin County, United States. It was founded in 1850 and is bordered by New Hope, Minnesota.
The Russian National Orchestra was founded in 1990 in Russia. They are an orchestra from Russia, whose genre is Classical music, and they started their work in 1990.
The Singing Bridge is in the United States and is located in Kentucky. The bridge carries Kentucky River and was opened in 1893.
Sergio Troncoso, known as Sergio, graduated from Harvard University. His notable work is The Nature of Truth. He was awarded the Fulbright Program.
Nathalie Krebs, a female, is a human being from Denmark, who received the Prince Eugen Medal. Nathalie is her given name.
The League of Militant Atheists, an organization founded by Yemelyan Yaroslavsky, is located in Moscow, Soviet Union. The League was founded in 1929.
Petrocaribe is a public company that was founded in 2005 and is an alliance. It is based in Venezuela and is a subsidiary of PDVSA.
The IEEE Undergraduate Teaching Award, established in 1990, is part of the IEEE Medals, Technical Field Awards, and Recognitions. It is given by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
KBBI is a radio station in Homer, Alaska, United States. The station was founded on January 1, 1970.
KQSF, a radio station in Dell Rapids, South Dakota, in the United States, was founded in 1998.
Svetlogorsky District, a municipal district in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, was established on November 2, 2007. Its capital is Svetlogorsk, Kaliningrad Oblast.
Strathmore is the capital of Wheatland County, Alberta, Canada. The county is located in the municipal district of Alberta, which is also bordered by Starland County.
Kragsyde, a building located in Maine, United States, was designed by Peabody and Stearns and completed in 1885.
Ameland Airport, located in the Ballum, is an airport in the Netherlands. It serves the transport hub of Ameland.
Sergey Burdin is a member of PFC CSKA Moscow. He started at some time and finished at another time.
Warkauden Jalkapalloklubi is an association football club in Finland. It was founded in 2000. The team plays in the Kakkonen league, which is a part of association football.
Ronald Chitiyo, known as Ronald, is a human being who plays for the CS Sfaxien football club as a midfielder in the sport of Association football.
Parkbeg is a human settlement in Saskatchewan, Canada. It was founded in 1911 and is bordered by Tugaske, Saskatchewan.
KGEO is a radio station in Bakersfield, California, United States. It was established in 1945.
1998 KY26 is an Apollo asteroid which was discovered by Spacewatch in Arizona on 28 May 1998.
Transcosmos Stadium Nagasaki is a stadium in Isahaya, Nagasaki, Japan. It is owned by Nagasaki Prefecture and the occupant is V-Varen Nagasaki.
2 Columbus Circle is a museum in Manhattan, United States. It was designed by architect Edward Durell Stone and opened in 1964.
Swift Run Gap is a mountain pass in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia, United States.
Songs of Travel and Other Verses is a literary work. The book was published in 1896. The book is in the public domain. It is a poetry.
The 1978 Saskatchewan general election was an instance of the List of Saskatchewan general elections, held in Canada, and it applied to the jurisdiction of Saskatchewan. Allan Blakeney was the successful candidate in this election, which took place in 1978.
Quinn Martin created The Streets of San Francisco, which is a 3 season series of the English speaking series.
Trond Fredriksen, a midfielder, is the name of Trond (name) Fredriksen, a human being who played for Aalesunds FK.
The Empire District Electric Company, a business in the United States, was founded in 1909 and is located in Joplin, Missouri. The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Michael Henig is a human being, his name is Michael Henig, and he is a quarterback who played for the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
KNOM, a radio station in Nome, Alaska, in the United States, was founded in 1971. It broadcasts to Nome, Alaska.
The composers of Dragon Tales are Jesse Harris and Joey Levine. The series was created by Ron Rodecker. It is distributed by Sony Pictures Television and is in the English language.
Codecademy is an English speaking website that was started in 2011 and is headquartered in New York City.
Knuckledust is a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom. They were formed in 1996.
The Balkan Region, in Turkmenistan, was created on 18 May 1992. The capital of the region is Balkanabat and it borders the Mangystau region.
Coffee Meets Bagel is a San Francisco based social networking service founded on April 17, 2012 by Dawoon Kang.
The Baltika Group, a publicly traded company, is in the clothing industry. Its headquarters are in Tallinn and was founded in 1928.
Xander Parish was born in 1986 and is a male ballet dancer who is a student at the Royal Ballet School. Xander Parish is a human being.
Bunratty Castle is a Castle located in County Clare, Republic of Ireland. It was established in 1425 and features Norman architecture.
The Big Muddy River is a river located in Illinois, United States. It is a river that flows into the Mississippi River and has a tributary called Beaucoup Creek.
Shibe Park is a baseball park in Philadelphia, United States. The park was home to the Philadelphia Phillies and the History of the Philadelphia Athletics.
Armenoi is a human settlement in Greece, specifically in the municipal unit of Apokoronas. It shares a border with Souda.
Eleanor Marx: A Life is a book from the United Kingdom published by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2014. The book is about Eleanor Marx.
Shariff Abdul Samat is a member of Home United FC. He started his career at Home United FC and ended it at Home United FC.
The Central Anticorruption Bureau in Warsaw, Poland was established in 2006 and is chaired by Ernest Bejda.
Mamaroneck High School is located in New York state, United States. It was founded in 1928 and is part of the Mamaroneck Union Free School District.
Mohamed Emara was a member of Al Ahly SC. His tenure with the team started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time.
The Beech Factory Airport in Wichita, Kansas, United States was established on January 4, 1940.
Green Island (Massachusetts) is an island located in Boston Harbor, part of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area, in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
Matt Skole is the name of Matt Skole, a human being. Matt Skole's position is infielder and he is a member of the Washington Nationals.
The Rome Braves are a baseball team in the United States. They were founded in 2003. Their parent club is the Atlanta Braves.
The RMS Etruria is owned by Cunard Line and is made by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company. The ship's home port is Liverpool in the United Kingdom.
The band The Priscillas is a rock and pop band from London, United Kingdom. Their musical genre is power pop. The band is signed to the record label Damaged Goods.
South Luangwa National Park is in Zambia and was established in 1938. It is located in the Eastern Province, Zambia. The IUCN protected area category is II: National Park.
Sähkö Recordings is a record label in Finland founded by Tommi Grönlund in 1993. Puu is a subsidiary of Sähkö Recordings.
The BBC created the TV series Indian School which is a documentary film. The series originated from the United Kingdom and is available in English.
Fastlane is a punk rock band from Guildford, United Kingdom, formed in 1997.
The McLaren Report, written in English, is a report by Richard McLaren (academic) and focuses on doping in Russian athletics, published on 18 July 2016.
Great Gaddesden is a village located in the Dacorum area of the United Kingdom.
Apple Inc. is the developer of the application software Schoolwork for iOS. The application is a learning management system that was released on June 26, 2018.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 19 June 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1819 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1821.
The Blue Ridge League is a sports league in the United States. It was founded in 1915 and dissolved on 09 February 1931. The league is related to baseball.
Linares Airport is located in the Linares Province of Chile. The airport serves the transport hub of Linares, Chile.
Kangnam University, located in Yongin, South Korea, is a university established in 1946.
Beltline is a neighbourhood in Alberta, Canada. It was established in 1905 and is bordered by Sunalta, Calgary.
The Springfield Celts Rugby Club, established in 1975, is a sports team from the United States that competes in the sport of rugby union.
The Briarcliff Hotel in Atlanta, United States was designed by G. Lloyd Preacher and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blacksburg High School is located in Virginia, United States. It was established in 1952 and is part of the Montgomery County Public Schools (Virginia).
Pravotice is a municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District, Slovakia. It is located in Slovakia and was established in 1232. It is also mentioned in written records from 1232.
Robin Stenuit was a member of Wallonie Bruxelles at some point in time, but the exact start and end dates are unknown.
Andrey Pyshnik played for FC Vitebsk, starting at an unknown time and ending at another unknown time.
Daria Bijak, whose name is Daria, is a human being who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in artistic gymnastics. Daria Bijak is a German language speaker.
Howard Hanson is a Swedish American who speaks English and Swedish. His given name is Howard. He had a student named Ulysses Kay.
The Dirgantara Monument, a monument located in Pancoran, South Jakarta, Indonesia, was created by Edhi Sunarso in 1966.
The University of Glasgow School of Law is affiliated with the University of Glasgow and is located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Rony Talukdar, whose given name is Rony, is a human being who plays cricket for the Barisal Division cricket team and the Dhaka Division cricket team.
The Falls of St. Anthony is a painting on canvas made of oil paint, depicting a waterfall. It is located in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum and is part of its collection.
Belgrave Hall is a historic house museum located in Leicester, United Kingdom. It was established in 1713 and features Queen Anne style architecture.
The International Seabed Authority, an international organization, is located in Kingston, Jamaica, and is interested in mineral exploration. It was founded in 1994 and is based in Jamaica.
Grand Island is a rock band from Oslo, Norway, formed in 2006.
WKFV is a radio station in Clinton, North Carolina, United States, owned by Educational Media Foundation.
The Montgomery County Courthouse, located in Iowa, United States, is a courthouse with the architectural style of Romanesque Revival. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lend Me a Tenor is a play written by Ken Ludwig in the English language. It is a comedy and was first performed on 6 March 1986.
The Cumberland Valley Rail Trail is a Rail trail located in Pennsylvania, United States. Its terminus is in Newville, Pennsylvania, and it has the heritage designation of National Recreation Trail.
Hopewell High School in North Carolina, United States was established in 2001. It is a high school located in North Carolina and is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district.
Tread Lightly! is a United States nonprofit organization founded by the United States Forest Service in 1985. Their headquarters are located in Salt Lake City.
Bobby Knoop, who is known as Bobby, is a human being. He is a second baseman who played for the Chicago White Sox. He won the Rawlings Gold Glove Award.
Ganado Airport, named after Ganado, Arizona, is an instance of Airport located in Arizona, United States, and serves the transport hub of Ganado, Arizona.
Ming Cho Lee attended Occidental College from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, studying an unknown academic major and earning an academic degree.
WVPW is a radio station in Buckhannon, West Virginia, United States, owned by West Virginia Public Broadcasting.
Rideau Falls is a waterfall on the Rideau River in Ottawa, Canada.
Middleton High School in Middleton, Wisconsin, United States, was founded in 1879. It is located in Middleton, Wisconsin and is part of the Middleton-Cross Plains School District.
Cockroach Labs, a United States company founded by Spencer Kimball, is a member of the Linux Foundation. The company was founded in 2014 and is a business.
Leandro Augusto is a member of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas. He started playing for the team and ended his time with the team.
The 2012 National Invitation Tournament was the basketball season. It was organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Arizona Department of Education is the state education agency in the state of Arizona, United States. The Department was created in 1970 and is located in Phoenix.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1906 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 23 December 2009. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1905 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1907.
The ship MS Mega Andrea was built by Wärtsilä in Italy. It is owned by the Finland Steamship Company and is based in Helsinki.
The Volkswagen Passat (B4) is a car model manufactured by the Volkswagen Group and is the successor to the Volkswagen Passat B3. It is a car model and is the predecessor to the Volkswagen Passat (B5).
Canajoharie Creek is a river in New York, United States. It is a watercourse and flows into the Mohawk River.
Notgrove is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold District, United Kingdom.
Makada is a part of the Duke of York Islands, East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea. The island is found in the country.
Banque Nationale Agricole is a bank based in Tunisia. It was founded on January 1, 1959, in Tunis and operates in the financial services industry.
The Northrop X-4 Bantam is an aircraft model that is a subclass of aircraft. It is an instance of an aircraft model and was operated by NASA. It was manufactured by the Northrop Corporation and first flew on 15 December 1948.
Gary Fellows, whose given name is Gary, is a human being who plays for Shropshire County Cricket Club and Yorkshire County Cricket Club. He plays the sport of cricket.
Brown Eyed Soul is a South Korean boy band in the K-pop genre that was formed in 2003 in South Korea.
Manzano High School is a high school located in New Mexico, United States. It was founded in 1961 and is part of the Albuquerque Public Schools.
Greg Sandow is a human being. He is a composer and works at the Eastman School of Music. His given name is Greg and he studied at Yale University.
Catherine Capdevielle, whose full name is Catherine Capdevielle, is a human being who competed in the sport of athletics at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 264 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 20 March 1969. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 263 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 265.
Aaron Ogden was the Governor of New Jersey. He took office at an unknown start time and left office at an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown governor and replaced an unknown governor in the position of Governor of New Jersey.
Llandudno Junction F.C. is an association football club from the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1975 and plays in the Welsh Alliance League, which is a league for association football.
The Emu Bay Railway, a business located in Melbourne, Australia, was established in 1897 and ceased operations in 1998.
MapleStory is a multiplayer video game with a computer keyboard. It is published by Shanda and Level Up! Games. It is available via Steam.
The Little Chief Service Station was constructed between 1929 and 1931 in Saskatchewan, Canada. It was commissioned by Texaco.
Beaverton High School is a high school in Oregon, United States. It was founded on January 1, 1902 and is part of the Beaverton School District.
Josh Unice, who is a human being, plays as a goaltender. He is a member of the CBR Brave. Josh Unice was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks.
Chad Voytik is a human being who attended Cleveland High School ( Tennessee ) and played for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team. He is a quarterback.
The Lyttelton Road Tunnel Administration Building in Heathcote Valley, New Zealand, was designed by Peter Beaven and completed in 1963. It is an architectural structure.
The Jerusalem Foundation is a non-profit foundation founded in 1966 by Teddy Kollek in the United States. It is a non-profit foundation.
The John W. Weeks Bridge is a bridge in Massachusetts, United States. It is a bridge that crosses the Charles River and was opened in 1927.
Ron Lunn, whose given name is Ron, is a human being who speaks English and is a member of the Essendon Football Club.
Having You is a film from the United Kingdom. The cast includes Anna Friel and Romola Garai. The screenplay was written by Sam Hoare (rugby league, born 1991) and the film is in the English language.
The Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building is located in Maryland, United States. It was designed by the architects Wyatt & Nolting and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Collingwood railway station is adjacent to North Richmond railway station. The two stations are connected by a line and the service that runs from North Richmond towards Collingwood.
Francis Howell Central High School is located in Cottleville, Missouri, United States. It was established in 1997 and is part of the Francis Howell School District.
The Euromast was designed by Hugh Maaskant in the style of Modern architecture. It is made of concrete and is a Rijksmonument. It is owned by Jan-Dirk Paarlberg.
Toguchinsky District, Russia, is a municipal district located in Novosibirsk Oblast. It was created in 1932. The district's capital is Toguchin.
BBMG is a business in China, specifically located in Beijing. The company was founded in 1996 and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Consolidated Contractors Company, founded by Hasib Sabbagh in 1952, is a Greek business with its headquarters located in Athens.
Aric Anderson, whose surname is Anderson, was a fullback in the Green Bay Packers football team. He graduated from Millikin University and is a human being.
The Emden Company was a chartered company in Germany, established in 1752 and dissolved in 1757. It was a business entity.
ESIEE Management is a business school in Noisy-le-Grand, France. It was founded in 1995. ESIEE Management is not to be confused with the Institut Supra de Management et de Technologie.
Tangerine is a Christmas film distributed by Magnolia Pictures. The film is set in Los Angeles and was filmed in Los Angeles. The original language of the film is English.
Bradford Metropolitan District Council, which has its headquarters in Bradford, United Kingdom, is part of the English metropolitan district council.
The painting Metempsychosis ( Yokoyama Taikan ) was created by Yokoyama Taikan in 1923 and is located in the National Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo. It is a painting and part of the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo collection.
Gutbucket is a jazz band from New York City, United States, formed in 1999.
Chavdar Yankov played for FC Metalurh Donetsk. He started playing for the team at an unknown time and stopped at an unknown time. The exact start and end dates are not specified, but it is known that he was acquired through a transaction.
North Eastern Province (Kenya) is located in Kenya. The capital of North Eastern Province (Kenya) is Garissa.
The parent organization of the airline Aviateca is the Synergy Group. The airline was founded in 1939 and its hub is La Aurora International Airport. The airline is located in Guatemala.
CG Puigcerdà is an ice hockey team from Spain. They were founded in 1972 and compete in the Liga Nacional de Hockey Hielo league.
Voxhaul Broadcast is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, United States, formed in 2006.
The Penrith Emus Rugby team, which was founded in 1965, is a sports team from Australia. The team competes in the sport of rugby union.
The Kyoto International Conference Center in Kyoto, Japan, was designed by Sachio Otani and opened in 1966. It is a convention center.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 853 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 29 July 1993. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 852 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 854.
The State Security Administration, a secret service, was established in 1946 in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The agency was succeeded by the OZNA and was disbanded in 1991.
Al Ahli Saida SC is an association football club from Lebanon. Their home ground is the Saida International Stadium and they compete in the Lebanese Second Division.
Ivo Georgiev started his career in FC Aarau at an unknown time and finished it at an unknown time. He played for FC Aarau at two unknown times.
P.F. Chang's China Bistro, a restaurant chain founded by Paul Fleming, was established in 1993 in the United States and is owned by Centerbridge Partners.
The Boys (English band) is a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom. They were formed in 1976.
Ulf von Euler was buried in Solna cemetery. His father was Hans von Euler-Chelpin and his mother was Astrid Cleve. He had a brother named Georg von Euler and was married to Dagmar Cronstedt.
London Waterloo station, which was opened on 11 July 1848 and is named after the Waterloo Bridge, is operated by Network Rail. It has both a Waterloo tube station and is owned by Network Rail.
The Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering, an engineering school, was established in 1994 in Maharashtra, India and is affiliated to the University of Mumbai.
ERROR This is the same data as before. I won't repeat the same response.
Eric Clayton is a member of the band Saviour Machine which was founded in 1989 in the United States. The band performs rock and pop music and their genre is gothic metal.
Phuket United Futsal Club is a football club from Thailand, established in 2006. They compete in the Futsal Thai League, which is a league for association football.
Nvu is a free software HTML editor written in C++. It was created by Daniel Glazman and is released under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Company is a shipyard located in Dalian, China. The company was founded in 1898 and is part of the shipbuilding industry.
MS Berge Istra is a ship from Liberia, manufactured by Uljanik. It was placed in service in 1972 and retired on 30 December 1975.
SU Dives-Cabourg is an association football club in France. The club was founded in 1929 and plays in the Championnat National 3 league, which is a part of association football.
Mozambique is a country where the Ndau dialect and the Swazi language and the Yao language are spoken. The country contains the Zambezia Province and the Gaza Province.
Linda Hunt won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work, and her work is the subject of the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
The Crags is a rock music band from Switzerland, formed in 2009.
Felony is a rock and pop band from Los Angeles, United States. They perform new wave music.
Japan National Route 306 connects with Japan National Route 307, which is a terminus location of Japan National Route 306 and located in the same administrative territorial entity.
Persido Donggala is an Indonesian association football club, playing in the Liga Indonesia Third Division. Their home ground is the Gawalise Stadium.
The Life Theater in Manila, Philippines was designed by Pablo Antonio and opened in 1941. It is a movie theater.
The Bog Standard Gallery is a work of art in the United Kingdom created by Melanie Boda in 2007. The gallery is an installation art.
The Adyghe State University in Maykop, Russia is an educational institution that was established in 1940.
Blindern Rugbyklubb, a sports team from Norway, was founded in 2010. The team competes in the sport of rugby union.
The Lincoln Continental Mark VI is a car model that is manufactured by Ford Motor Company. It is succeeded by the Lincoln Continental Mark VII and has a petrol engine. It is preceded by the Lincoln Continental Mark V.
The Quartetto di Cremona, a string quartet, was founded in Genoa in 2000. Their genre is classical music and they are signed to Decca Records.
Concerto Amsterdam is a classical music musical ensemble from the Netherlands founded by Jaap Schröder in 1960.
Alberto Bressan, who was born Alberto Bressan, won the Feltrinelli Prize and the Bôcher Memorial Prize. He was also awarded the Feltrinelli Prize. One of his doctoral students was Stefano Bianchini.
The National Center on Time and Learning is a nonprofit organization located in Boston, United States. The Center is focused on education.
Silver Sevens is a hotel and casino in Nevada, United States. It was constructed in 1975.
Red Serge is a television series from Canada, originally broadcast on CBC Television, which aired in 1986 and 1987.
Mega Man Battle Network is a game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance. It is part of the Mega Man Battle Network series and is published by Capcom. The game is distributed via ROM cartridge.
Pochabany is a municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District, Slovakia. It was founded in 1329 and the earliest written record is 1329.
Hapoel Galil Elyon is a basketball team in Israel. They were founded in 1978 and their head coach is Avishay Gordon.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 863 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on September 13, 1993. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 862 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 864.
Beyond Time is an adventure game from the United States, published in 1997 for Microsoft Windows.
The Tokyo Metro 08 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive manufactured by Nippon Sharyo. It is operated by the Teito Rapid Transit Authority and was in service on 7th January 2003.
Sonus Faber is a corporation that was founded in Arcugnano, in 1983 by Franco Serblin.
Plaistow tube station is adjacent to West Ham station. Plaistow tube station and West Ham station are on the same connecting line. West Ham station is in the direction of Plaistow tube station.
Yamate Tunnel, which is in Tokyo, Japan, is located in the country. The tunnel was opened on 22 December 2007 and carries the Central Circular Route (Shuto Expressway).
G:MT -- Greenwich Mean Time is a film from the United Kingdom, set in London. The English language film features Robbie Gee and Ben Waters in its cast.
Walter Francis Layer, whose name is Walter, graduated from Widener University. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery. He was a human being.
North Community High School is located in Minneapolis, United States. It is a high school and was founded on January 1, 1888. It is part of the Minneapolis Public Schools.
The Attorney General of Idaho, United States is Lawrence Wasden.
Raul Khajimba was the Vice President of Abkhazia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, replacing an unknown predecessor and being replaced by an unknown successor.
Clive Peeters, a business located in Bayswater North, Victoria, Australia, was founded in 1973 and dissolved in 2011.
The Electra Tower in Tel Aviv, Israel was completed in 2011. It is a building designed by Moore Yaski Sivan Architects.
St. Paul is a town in Alberta, Canada. It was founded in 1896 and borders Vilna, Alberta.
Mossoró Airport, located in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, is in Brazil. The airport serves the transport hub of Mossoró.
Rai Sport is a specialty channel that was launched in 1999. It is a television station owned by RAI and broadcasts in the Italian language.
Kuruthipunal, a book, is a novel written by Indira Parthasarathy. It is from India and set in India. Kuruthipunal received the Sahitya Akademi Award.
Mississippi Highway 500 is a part of the Mississippi State Highway System and is maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation. It was established in 1960 and has its terminus at Mississippi Highway 13 in Tuscola.
Ridgefield Memorial High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It was founded on January 1, 1957 and is part of the Ridgefield School District (New Jersey).
Gary J. Brink was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design for his work.
Tunari National Park is a national park located in the Ayopaya Province of Bolivia. It is a national park and was established in 1992. The IUCN protected area category is II: National Park.
Born to Run ( Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ) was written by Josh Friedman and the TV series episode was broadcast on 10 April 2009. Written in English, the episode was directed by Jeffrey Hunt.
Tusitala is a miniseries which was directed by Don Sharp. It was first broadcast on 15 June 1986 on the ABC.
Jack Hoult is a human being, a male, who is a rugby league player for the Castleford Tigers.
Birdville High School is located in Texas, United States. It is a high school and was established in 1999. It is part of the Birdville Independent School District.
Bathurst Harbour is in Tasmania, Australia. It is located in the state and has Old River as a tributary.
David Cay Johnston is the author of The Making of Donald Trump. He is also a member of the Investigative Reporters and Editors and speaks American English. His given name is David. He was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting.
Urban Bank, a business founded in 1980 in Pasig, Makati, was dissolved in 2001.
The Spring Madness of Mr. Sermon is a literary work, a novel, written by R.F. Delderfield, published on 01 January 1963, set in Devon.
The Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge, a National Wildlife Refuge, is located in Iowa, United States and was established in 1989. It is classified as an IUCN Category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Wells Street is in Fitzrovia, City of Westminster, United Kingdom. It is a street that connects to Oxford Street.
Paradise Run is a television show in the United States. Its broadcast was started on 1 February 2016 and the show is presented by Daniella Monet. The original network of the show is Nickelodeon.
Luzair was an airline based in Portugal. It was founded in 1997 and its hub is Lisbon Airport. Luzair dissolved in 2011.
Mitchell Langerak is a player from Australia. He was a participant at the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He is a member of Melbourne Victory FC and Borussia Dortmund II. His given name is Mitchell.
The European Prize for Urban Public Space is a Spanish architecture prize awarded by the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona since 2000. It is directed by Judit Carrera.
Skellington Productions, founded by Henry Selick, was a film studio that was located at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank. The studio was founded in 1992 and dissolved in 1996.
Tellme Networks, a business founded by Mike McCue in 1999, is a subsidiary of Microsoft and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
The film Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution is a film from the United States, released in 1967, directed by David Oppenheim (clarinetist) and shown in English.
Sky Airlines, based in Turkey, was an airline that was founded in 2000. Its hub is Antalya Airport. Sky Airlines dissolved in 2013.
The Cardiff Bridge is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom. It is made of concrete.
The Greer House is a house located in Virginia, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Swan Princess Christmas is a Christmas film from the United States. It was produced by Crest Animation Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. The original language of the film is English.
Guanabara Bay is a bay located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is a bay in the state of Rio de Janeiro and has a tributary called the Meriti River.
From Here to Eternity was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and won it. It is the subject of the statement.
CHB Bank, a business based in Seoul, was dissolved on April 1, 2006. It was succeeded by the Shinhan Bank.
Abenteuer in Bamsdorf is a film from Germany, which also originates from East Germany. The film's director of photography is Günter Marczinkowsky and the film editor is Ilse Peters. The original language of the film is German.
CAS Corporation, a public company, is a business enterprise founded in 1983 with its headquarters located in South Korea.
Schiphol Group is a fixed-base operator founded in 1920. The company is headquartered in the Schiphol Building in the Netherlands.
The Goa Engineering College in Farmagudi, Goa, India was established in 1967 and is affiliated to Goa University.
Nyati Cement is a privately held company, a privately held company, that was founded in 2014 and is in the cement industry. It is located in Kimbiji.
The Paradise Post is a newspaper from the United States. It is located in Paradise, California, in the United States. It is a newspaper from the United States. It is published in Paradise, California.
Jabra, founded in 1983 by Woody Norris, is a business in the consumer electronics industry, located in Copenhagen.
The 1966 Coppa Italia Final was held at Stadio Olimpico. ACF Fiorentina, who were led by Giuseppe Marchioro, won the final. U.S. Catanzaro 1929 also participated in the final.
Deoria district is in Gorakhpur division of Uttar Pradesh, India. Its capital is Deoria and it is bordered by Kushinagar district.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is the lower house of the U.S state legislature in New Mexico, United States. The New Mexico House of Representatives headquarters are located in Santa Fe, New Mexico and a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives is a representative.
Abyss Lake is a lake in Alaska, United States. Its outflow is the Dundas River.
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a comedy-drama and a coming-of-age story, set in the United States, produced by Disney Television Animation, and originally in the English language.
Newburgh Free Academy is a high school located in New York state, United States. It was founded in 1799 and is part of the Newburgh Enlarged City School District.
Hang Thun Hak was the Prime Minister of Cambodia. He held the position from an unknown start time to an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown person and he replaced an unknown person.
The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, which is a military unit, was established in 1974 and is located in the Golan Heights, Syria, and is commanded by Wolfgang Jilke.
Enshi Xujiaping Airport is located in the Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture of China. The airport serves the transport hub of Enshi Shi and Enshi City.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 690 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on April 29, 1991. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 689 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 691.
The TV series Junior Paramedics was originally shown on BBC Three in the United Kingdom and is in English.
Imeem, a social networking service, was founded by Dalton Caldwell in 2003. The company is based in San Francisco.
GMA Supershow is a Philippine television series created by GMA Network. It stars German Moreno and originally aired on GMA Network.
After the Quake is written in Japanese. It originated in Japan. It was published by Shinchosha and also by Alfred A. Knopf. The illustrator is Noboru Kitawaki.
Roteflue is a mountain of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland, in the canton of Bern. Roteflue's parent peak is Schwarzhorn.
Team Love Records is an independent record label in New Paltz, New York, United States, founded by Nate Krenkel in 2003.
The Worthington Ridge Historic District is located in Connecticut, United States. It is a historic district with a Georgian architectural style. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Holy Rosary Cathedral is located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The cathedral is a cathedral, named after the Rosary, and has the architectural style of Romanesque Revival architecture.
Rocket Dog, a business from the United States, was founded in 1997 and is based in Los Angeles, where they produce backpacks.
The Brule River is located in Cook County, Minnesota, United States. The Brule River is a river that flows into Lake Superior.
Hronsek is a municipality of Slovakia located in Banská Bystrica District, established in 1250, with the earliest written record dating back to 1250.
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford was produced by Theodore Wharton and Leopold Wharton and is from the United States. The film's director of photography was Ray June and it stars Burr McIntosh.
The Beijing Film Academy, located in Beijing, China, is a film school that was established in 1950.
The Geelong Tiger Snakes, a rugby league team from Australia, were founded on January 1, 2004. They compete in rugby league.
Vera Mackey was born in Limerick. She is a female, a human being, and has the given name Vera and the family name Mackey.
Freshii, a restaurant chain, was founded in 2005 in Toronto, and is a fast casual restaurant.
Quessant Island is located in the Solomon Sea, part of the Louisiade Archipelago, in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Pro Sport Hockey is an ice hockey game for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was developed by Tose (company) and published by Jaleco. The game is distributed via ROM cartridge.
The home ground of Felcra FC is the Shah Alam Stadium in Malaysia. The club is owned by FELCRA Berhad and play association football.
The Coffey County Airport in Burlington, Kansas, United States was established on January 3, 1990.
Climax Group is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom. The company was founded on January 1, 1988 in Portsmouth.
Kathleen High School is a high school located in Florida, United States. It was founded in 1928 and is part of the Polk County Public Schools.
Marianna Ryzhkina is a human being from Russia, who received the Merited Artist of the Russian Federation award, was born in 1989, and her given name is Marianna.
Ljungby Arena is a sports venue in Ljungby Municipality, Sweden. It is used for ice hockey and is occupied by IF Troja/Ljungby.
Kulture Yabra FC is a football club in the Belize Premier Football League. The club was founded in 1974 and has its home ground at the MCC Grounds.
William Reed was a human being. His given name was William. He was the Governor of North Carolina from 1712 to 1776. He spoke English, his native language.
Rosa Martinez is a female, a human being, who lives in Barcelona. Her given name is Rosa (given name) and her family name is Martinez.
Janet Blair is a member of the California Republican Party. She is married to Lou Busch and is a human being.
The Keikyu 1000 series is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive. It is operated by Keikyu and was manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries. It was entered into service on 13 January 1960.
Dismissed is a reality television series that aired on MTV from 2001. It originated from the United States.
Appleby College, a high school in Ontario, Canada, was founded by Byron Edmund Walker on January 1, 1911.
Angletrax is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom. They are from the United Kingdom and were signed to the record label Hansa Records.
Cranfield United F.C. is a football club in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1903 and plays in the Spartan South Midlands Football League, which is a league for association football.
The Deming Elementary School in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States was designed by Frederic Hutchinson Porter and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Karobaar: The Business of Love is a Hindi romance film from India. The screenwriter is Sachin Bhowmick and Juhi Chawla is a cast member.
The Geisel School of Medicine is located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States and is affiliated with Dartmouth College. It was founded by Nathan Smith, a physician.
Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D. is a superhero film from the United States. The film was produced by Michael Herz and is in the English language. The film is set in New York City.
Catherine Corrigan, a human being, graduated from Michigan State University. She is the wife of Ben Bussey and works in the field of Meteoritics.
John I. Burton High School is located in Virginia, United States. It was established in 1953 and is part of the Norton City Schools in Virginia.
Ely City F.C. is a football club from the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1885 and plays association football in the Eastern Counties Football League.
Expo 2008 was a World's Fair held in Zaragoza, Spain.
The Graham Star is a newspaper located in Robbinsville, North Carolina, in the United States, and originates from the United States.
The Municipality of WestLake-Gladstone, Manitoba, Canada, was created on January 1, 2015 and is a rural municipality. It is located in Manitoba. It was established after Gladstone, Manitoba, was merged with the Municipality of WestLake-Gladstone.
The Gamechangers is a documentary film that was produced by BBC Two in the UK. It was originally shown on BBC Two and was shown in English.
Grey Crag is a mountain in the Lake District, Cumbria, United Kingdom. It is a mountain of the Lake District. The parent peak of Grey Crag is Tarn Crag (Far Eastern Fells).
The Bank of Albania is the central bank of Albania and was established on 2 September 1925. Its headquarters are in Tirana and its owner is Hotel Dajti.
The Ministry of Environment (Lithuania) is located in Vilnius, is an instance of List of environmental ministries, and is situated in Lithuania. It was established in 1998. The main category of the Ministry of Environment (Lithuania) is Category:Ministry of Environment (Lithuania).
Neil Jordan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work.
Kansas City Athletic Club, a business based in the United States, was founded in 1887 and is located in Kansas City, Missouri. The company was also formed in Kansas City, Missouri.
Nasirabad District, with capital city Naseerabad, is located in the Nasirabad Division of Pakistan.
Eaton Vance is a financial services company (instance of Business) founded in 1924 (inception: 00  1924). The company is located at Two International Place and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
KZWY, a radio station in Sheridan, Wyoming, in the United States, was founded in 1980.
La Gazzetta dello Sport is a publication based in Milan, Italy. It was founded by Eugenio Camillo Costamagna. The publication is published by RCS MediaGroup and Sonzogno. The language used is Italian.
Dublin is the capital of the Irish Free State, which began on 6 December 1922 and ended on 18 April 1949.
Big Daddy's BBQ Sauce is a business in the food industry based in the United States. It was founded in 1998 and is located in Yukon, Oklahoma.
Lemon Angel Project is a music-related anime television series, specifically a drama anime and manga, from Japan, in the Japanese language.
ASC Guemeul is an association football club from Mauritania, established in 2011. The team plays in the Ligue 1 Mauritania league and is involved in association football.
The Yokohama Marathon is a marathon in Japan, which was founded in 1981. It is a marathon, a type of marathon, and is part of the sport of athletics.
Goyang Orion Orions, a basketball team from South Korea, was founded in 1997. They compete in the Korean Basketball League.
The Salters School of Chemistry is a school located in the United Kingdom that was founded in 1993 by Samuel Porter, Baron Porter. It is a part of Christ's Hospital.
The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation was established in 2001 in Tokyo, Japan. It is a university with the legal form of Agency Engaged in Administrative Execution.
FC Yelets is an association football club in Russia, founded in 1968. They compete in the Russian Amateur Football League.
The Virgo Fidelis Convent Senior School, which is a girls school, was established on 1 September 1997 and is located in Upper Norwood. It is a Roman Catholic school and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Southwark.
Linha do Tua is a railway line in Portugal. It is owned by Infraestruturas de Portugal and has a terminus at Tua railway station. It is a railway line and was opened in 1887.
The High Water Marks are an alternative rock band from the United States. The band is led by Mike Snowden and their record label is Happy Happy Birthday to Me Records.
The 1990 Liverpool City Council election was held in Liverpool, United Kingdom. The election was a local election held in the year 1990 for the members of Liverpool City Council.
The Nagoya Municipal Subway 6000 series is a subway car manufactured by Nippon Sharyo. It is an electric multiple unit class of locomotive and is operated by the Transportation Bureau City of Nagoya.
WPLR is a radio station in New Haven, Connecticut, United States. It was founded in 1944.
Spirou et Fantasio is a comic book album written by André Franquin. It is a part of the Spirou et Fantasio series and features the character Fantasio, illustrated by André Franquin.
The US Beveridge Award was established in 1939 and is given by the American Historical Association. It was named after Albert J. Beveridge.
The Machida Stadium was inaugurated in October 1990 and is located in Machida, Tokyo, Japan. The occupant of the stadium is FC Machida Zelvia.
The Machias River is a river located in Washington County, Maine, United States. It is a river that flows into Machias Bay and has a tributary called the East Machias River.
The Henry Ockershausen House is located in Iowa, United States. The house is an instance of a House and has the architectural style of Queen Anne style architecture in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Clear Horizons Early College High School is a high school in Houston, United States. It was established in 2007 and is part of the Clear Creek Independent School District.
Julia Beljajeva is a human being who specializes in fencing. She participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics and received the Estonian Young Athlete of the Year award.
West Bank Story was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film and won it. The award is the subject of a statement, and the film is the subject of another statement.
The Accidental Tourist was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The film was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The film won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. The film is the subject of a statement, as is the film.
Mosley Music Group is a record label in the United States that was founded by Timbaland in 2006. It is owned by Sony Music.
The Sampoong Department Store collapse occurred in the Seocho District of South Korea on 29 June 1995. The building that collapsed was the Sampoong Department Store itself.
The University of Sharjah, located in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates, is a university that was established in 1997.
The Ebenezer Watts House, a historic house, is located in the New York State, United States. The house has the Renaissance Revival style of architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Julian Wright is a human being who was educated at the University of Kansas in the United States. He was drafted by the New Orleans Pelicans in the men's basketball competition class.
Thatched Cottages and Houses, which depicts a thatched cottage, is in the collection of Ivan Morozov (businessman) and is made of oil paint. It is also located in the Hermitage Museum and is in the Hermitage Museum's collection.
Lincoln Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. It was founded in 1925 and is bordered by Detroit.
The Polish Athletic Association (Poland) (founded 1919) is the sports governing body for the sport of athletics in Poland.
Uzovce is a municipality in Sabinov District, Slovakia. It was established in 1280 and the earliest written record is 1280.
Chinnor R.F.C. is a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, established in 1962. The team plays rugby union.
The 1938 Saskatchewan general election was held in Saskatchewan, Canada, and was won by William John Patterson. It is part of the List of Saskatchewan general elections.
Independiente de La Rioja is an association football club in Argentina. It was founded on 1 January 1924. The team plays in the Torneo Argentino C league, which is a league for association football.
The Fiat 241 is a car model manufactured by Fiat Automobiles and is the successor to the Fiat 615. It was followed by the Fiat 242.
CRI Middleware is a business based in Japan. It was founded in 1983 and is located in Tokyo. The company operates in the video game industry.
The Congress for Cultural Freedom was founded in 1950 in Paris. The organization was disbanded in 1969.
The SNCAO 200 is a fighter monoplane with 1 engine, a prototype aircraft model, manufactured by SNCAO in France. It first flew on 31 January 1939.
Guild Software is a video game developer based in the United States. The company was founded in 1998 and is located in Milwaukee.
The film Yaaran Da Katchup is a film. It was released in 2014. The cast includes Jaswinder Bhalla. The original language of the film is ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi). The film originates from India.
The Georgetown Historic District, located in Georgetown, Ohio, United States, is a historic district with the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Isadora Pompeo is a singer. She was born on 30 May 1999. She is a citizen of Brazil. Isadora Pompeo is a female human.
Hendry Thomas is a human being who plays in the Premier League and is a member of the Honduras national football team. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics and also represents C.D. Olimpia.
Gord Wappel is a human being who plays for the Calgary Flames and the National Hockey League. He is a defenceman.
The Levadia Municipal Stadium, located in Greece, is a stadium. It was opened in 1952 and is operated by Levadiakos FC. The occupant of the stadium is Levadiakos FC.
Lavon Lake is a reservoir in Texas, in the U.S. Lavon Dam is the dam that forms Lavon Lake.
Big Time Attic, a United States business founded by Shadi Petosky in 2004, is based in Minneapolis.
Namibia Commercial Aviation, an airline, was founded in 1992. The airline is based in Namibia and its headquarters are located in Windhoek. Its main hub is Eros Airport.
ERROR This is the same triple set as before. I won't repeat the same response.
The Bancroft Trust Building is located in Massachusetts, United States. It is an architectural structure designed by the architects Fuller & Delano and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
FC Inhulets-2 Petrove is an association football club from Ukraine. The club was founded in 2014 and plays in the Ukrainian Second League.
Gennaro Gattuso was a coach for A.C. Pisa 1909, starting on July 1, 2018 and ending on September 16, 2018, and then again starting on September 16, 2018 and ending on September 16, 2018.
Juan Francisco Reyes was the Vice President of Guatemala from an unknown start time to an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown person and he replaced an unknown person in the position of Vice President of Guatemala.
Long Beach High School in New York (state), United States, was founded in 1971. It is a high school located in New York (state) and is part of the Long Beach City School District.
The National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan, chaired by Karim Massimov, was established in 1992. It is a government agency located in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan.
The Jenny Lake Lodge is located in Teton County, Wyoming, United States. The name of the lodge is Jenny Lake, a lake in North America.
Siltcoos Lake is a lake located in Lane County, Oregon, United States. The Siltcoos River is its outflow.
South Kirkby Wednesday F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1905 and plays in the South Kirkby Football League.
Bisichi Mining, a company, is a company located in London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Russell Barry was the Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham from an unknown start time to an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown person.
Hidden Falls is a waterfall located in Hanging Rock State Park in North Carolina, United States.
Chris Watson was the Prime Minister of Australia from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, replacing an unknown predecessor and being replaced by an unknown successor.
MidFlorida Credit Union is a business in the financial services industry based in the United States. It was founded on January 1, 1954 and is located in Lakeland, Florida.
The Tolstoy Foundation, a charitable organization founded by Alexandra Tolstaya in 1939, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in Valley Cottage, New York.
The Romance (guitar piece) is a musical composition for guitar, performed by My Chemical Romance, from Spain. It is different from the Romance.
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Zanzibar is a Catholic cathedral located in Zanzibar City, Tanzania, and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zanzibar, serving the Catholic community.
Golden Words is a broadsheet student publication in Canada. It was created in 1967 and is owned by the Queen's Engineering Society.
AS Ariana is an association football club in Tunisia. The club was founded in 1938 and plays in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Smoky Mountain High School is located in North Carolina, United States. The school was founded in 1988 and is part of the Jackson County Public Schools (North Carolina).
The Brunswick River is located in North Carolina, United States. It is a river that flows into the Cape Fear River, which is also its tributary.
The Boys Union Club is a football club that was founded in 1952. They play in the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League and their home ground is the Dasarath Rangasala Stadium.
The film Quelli che soffrono per voi is a 1951 Italian film directed by Alessandro Blasetti, originally in Italian language, from Italy.
Manchester Township High School is a high school located in New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1974 and is part of the Manchester Township School District.
Apopka High School is a high school located in Florida, United States. It was established in 1931 and is part of the Orange County Public Schools.
The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company is an enterprise in the transport industry in Australia. It was founded on January 20, 1853 and is based in Melbourne.
Nottingham High School (New Jersey) is a high school located in New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Hamilton Township School District and is a member of the Colonial Valley Conference.
Toba Castle, located in Ise-Shima National Park, is owned by Kuki Yoshitaka. It is located in Toba, Japan.
The Hamilton Building in Portland, Oregon, United States was designed by the architects Whidden & Lewis and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jose Sanfilippo was a member of the San Lorenzo de Almagro football team and also played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was also a human being and was a participant in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.
WKIO, a radio station in Arcola, Illinois, in the United States, was founded in 1991.
Spence Tatchell is a human being who plays for the New York Rangers and the New York Rovers in the National Hockey League as a defenceman.
Yle Radio Suomi, a Finnish language radio station, is owned by Yle and is located in Finland. It replaced YleQ.
The David Crawford House is a historic house located in the state of New York, United States. It has the Neoclassical style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Marion County Airport in Buena Vista, Marion County, Georgia, United States was established on 1 January 1975.
StealthNet, which was created in 2007, is free software, written in C Sharp and is available for Microsoft Windows. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Hamilton Southeastern High School is a high school in Indiana, United States, established in 1964. It is part of the Hamilton Southeastern Schools district.
Tyler Shattock is a Winger (ice hockey) who was drafted by the St. Louis Blues and played for the Kalamazoo Wings. His given name is Tyler and his family name is Shattock.
Daniela Baumer competed in the canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women's K-4 500 metres. Daniela Baumer is a human being.
The Slovenian Futsal League is a sports league in Slovenia (Slovenija). It was created in 1984. Its main sport is association football and the league's season starts in autumn.
The Brooks Building was designed by William Holabird and Martin Roche in the Chicago school architectural style. It is made of steel and is orange in colour.
The Packard 180 is a car model manufactured by Packard and is the successor to the Packard Twelve. It was followed by the Packard Clipper.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreon was established on 19 June 1957 in Torreon, Mexico. Its headquarters are located in Torreon and it shares borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gozo Palacio.
Capellen is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Capellen and it is located within the country of Luxembourg, also sharing a border with the Arrondissement of Arlon.
Lambley Viaduct is a bridge which crosses the River Tyne in Northumberland, UK. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Difference Engine is a steampunk novel written by William Gibson that was published by Victor Gollancz Ltd in London, United States.
Lydia Ludic Burundi Académic FC is an association football club from Burundi. Their home ground is the Prince Louis Rwagasore Stadium and they compete in the Burundi Premier League.
North Marston is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale, United Kingdom.
Brumunddal is an urban settlement in Norway. It is located in Ringsaker and is the administrative centre. Brumunddal is the capital of Ringsaker.
Tricky Business, a British TV series, is a series from the United Kingdom, created by Forrest Wilson. Paul Zenon is one of the stars of the series, which was broadcast by CBBC.
Robertson Davies was nominated for the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction for his work.
Het Nieuwsblad is a daily newspaper in tabloid format, published in the Dutch language, and is owned by Mediahuis, established in 1932.
The Koga Cycling Team, a cycling team from the Netherlands, was founded in 1999 and dissolved in 2014. The team specialized in road bicycle racing.
UZO is a business in the mobile phone industry based in Lisbon, Portugal. It was founded in 2005.
John C. Calhoun was the Vice President of the United States from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, replacing an unknown predecessor and being replaced by an unknown successor.
Anda Air, an airline based in Ukraine, was founded in 2015. Its headquarters are located in Kiev. The airline is based in Ukraine and its hub is Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany).
Tahar Rahim was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Actor for his work.
English speaking Growing Pains is a BBC TV series which was originally broadcast on BBC One. The series was written by Nigel Hess and originated in the United Kingdom.
The Friends of the Natural History Museum Paris is a voluntary association founded in France in 1907 by Edmond Perrier. The Association was created under the French Law of 1901.
Shiraishi Island is located in the Seto Inland Sea, part of Okayama Prefecture, located in Kasaoka, Japan.
Leander High School is located in Texas, United States. It is a high school established in 1984 and is part of the Leander Independent School District.
The Wolseley 15/60 is a car model manufactured by the British Motor Corporation and is the successor to the Wolseley 15/50. It is a Wolseley Motors brand and was succeeded by the BMC ADO17.
Coulter Brook is located in Delaware County, New York, in the United States. It is a river that flows into the Little Delaware River. The Delaware River basin is the drainage basin of Coulter Brook.
Persikota Tidore is an association football club in Indonesia. The club was founded in 1958. They compete in the Liga 2 (Indonesia) league and play association football.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 492 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on November 10, 1981. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 491 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 493.
WHRB is a radio station in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. It was founded in 1957.
The Beat Room is a BBC Two television show which began on July 6, 1964 and ended on January 29, 1965.
London, Ohio is a city in the United States. It was founded in 1810 and is the capital of Madison County, Ohio.
The South African Class 61-000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive class with a wheel arrangement of B-B. It is operated by Transnet Freight Rail and manufactured by Henschel & Son.
Cogenhoe United F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom. The club was founded in 1967 and participates in the United Counties League, playing association football.
The SkyRise Miami, a skyscraper located in Miami, United States, was designed by Arquitectonica and opened in 2018.
Camelot was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design. It was a nominee for the award. It won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
The Aston Martin One-77 is a car model and a supercar manufactured by Aston Martin, which is a brand. It is the successor to the Aston Martin DB AR1.
Huggate is a village in East Riding of Yorkshire, a civil parish in the United Kingdom.
Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School is a school in New Delhi, India, founded by Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung I in 1949.
The Clarion River is a river located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a river that flows into the Allegheny River and has a tributary called Mill Creek (Clarion River tributary).
Yorkend Lake, located in Haliburton County, is a lake in Canada. Its outflow is the York River.
WAVS, a radio station in Davie, Florida, in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1969.
Yao Bin is a human being who competes in figure skating. He participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics in pairs figure skating with Luan Bo.
Rabbit Semiconductor, a US-based company, was founded in Davis, California in 1983. The company is located in Davis, California and is a business.
The Schell Creek Range is a mountain range in the Basin and Range Province of Nevada, United States. The highest point in the range is North Schell Peak.
Aeroperlas is an airline based in Panama, which was founded in 1970. The airline is a type of Airline. Its parent organization is AMR Corporation and its hub is located at Albrook `` Marcos A. Gelabert '' International Airport.
Karate for Life is a film from Japan, set in Okinawa Prefecture, starring Sonny Chiba. The original language of the film is Japanese and it was distributed by Toei Company.
The Zeya Nature Reserve, a protected area in Russia, was established on 03 October 1963. It is a category Ia Strict Nature Reserve, a type of protected area in Russia.
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey is the sequel to The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma. It is written in English and published by Little, Brown and Company.
WOIR, a radio station in Homestead, Florida, in the United States, was founded in 1985.
WMYI is a radio station in Hendersonville, North Carolina, United States, owned by iHeartMedia.
Delamain (Cognac producer), a French organization founded by James Delamain in 1763, is based in Jarnac, France.
Cuverville Island, an island, is located in the Southern Ocean, in the Antarctic Treaty area, in Antarctica and is claimed by Argentina.
The film Feud of the Trail is a film. The film was released in 1937. The film is in English and stars Tom Tyler. The film originates from the United States.
Southease is a village in the Lewes District of the United Kingdom. It is located in South Downs National Park and is a civil parish.
The 1897 Chicago mayoral election was held on 6 April 1897 in Chicago, United States. The election was contested by the Mayor of Chicago.
The Count Bishops are a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom. They are signed to the record label Chiswick Records.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1217 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 22 December 1998. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1216 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1218.
Silverwood Lake is located in California, which is part of the United States. The lake is an instance of a lake and is located in the United States. The California Aqueduct inflows into the lake.
The Grafton Post Office in Grafton, North Dakota, United States was designed by James A. Wetmore and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John H. Guyer High School is a high school located in Denton, Texas, United States. It was established in 2005 and is part of the Denton Independent School District.
Levanger Station is located on the Nordland Line. It was opened in 1902 and was designed by Paul Due in the Art Nouveau style. The station is a heritage site in Norway.
Pixomondo is a business based in Germany, founded on January 1, 2001. The company is headquartered in Frankfurt and is organized as a GmbH & Co. KG.
The Melville Walker House is located in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States. The house is an instance of a House and is part of the Kennebunkport Historic District. It is an example of Italianate architecture.
Bershka is a joint-stock company in the retail industry, located in Arteixo, where it was also founded. Inditex is the parent organization of Bershka.
Indian Handcrafts is a rock and pop band from Barrie that was formed in 2010. The band's genre is Speed metal and they are signed to the Sargent House label.
PAOK FC is a volleyball team that plays in the Super League Greece. Their home ground is Toumba Stadium and the team is led by head coach Abel Ferreira. The official color of the team is black.
Toutant Airport, located in Putnam, Connecticut, United States, is an airport established on January 1, 1971.
Wei-Chuan Food Corporation is a business founded in 1972 by Huang Leih-ho and is located in Taipei. It is owned by Ting Hsin International Group.
Boyle Park, located in Arkansas, United States, was designed by the Civilian Conservation Corps and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A Course of Modern Analysis is a book about Mathematics. It is a Book. The book was published in 1902. It was written by E.T. Whittaker. It was published by Cambridge University Press.
Borassus madagascariensis is also known as Borassus flabellifer var. madagascariensis. It is a species of Borassus, endemic to Madagascar, and is currently an endangered species.
The New South Wales 45 class is a diesel-electric locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways. Its manufacturer is A.E. Goodwin, and it has a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Jonathan Kemp, a human being, lives in Ipswich. He is married to Jaclyn Hawkes and his surname is Kemp.
The main category for rugby union in the Solomon Islands is Category:Rugby union in the Solomon Islands. Rugby union is a sport in the Solomon Islands, which is a geographic region where rugby union is played.
Cedar Falls Post Office is a government building in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States. It is a post office building and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Calvin Klein, a clothing company, was founded in New York City. The company produces clothing and perfume. PVH (company) is the parent organization of Calvin Klein.
Tulemalu Lake, which is a lake located in Nunavut, is found in Canada. The Kunwak River is an outflow of the lake.
FCA Poland is a business enterprise in Poland. The company was founded in 1992 and is a joint-stock company.
The Vienna Philharmonic coin is a round gold coin, made of gold and created by Thomas Pesendorfer. The coin is from Austria.
Andrew Crummy, whose real name is Andrew, is a human being. He was educated at Portobello High School and Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design. Andrew Crummy holds a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Mitsuo Fujikura, a human, was born in Japan. He is a male mixed martial artist who competes in Mixed martial arts.
The Carroll Street Bridge, a retractable bridge, is located in New York City, United States. It carries road traffic over the Gowanus Canal.
Young Empires is a band in the Worldbeat genre from Toronto, Canada. They were formed in 2009.
The Renault Vivasix is a car model manufactured by Renault and is the successor to the Renault Type PG. It is a Renault car model and was succeeded by the Renault Vivastella.
The Farnese Hours is a book of hours, an illuminated manuscript, created by Giulio Clovio and published in 1537. It is located in the collection of the Morgan Library & Museum.
Paarl is a town in South Africa. It was founded on 1 January 1657 and is the capital of Drakenstein Local Municipality.
ERROR This is the same as the previous input. I won't repeat the same output.
The Redlin Art Center is located in Watertown, South Dakota, United States. It was established on June 6, 1997. It is an art museum that Terry Redlin is a part of.
Mahabir Singh Rana is a male human being, born in Saharanpur district. He is a politician and a member of the Indian National Congress.
White Haven is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was founded in 1842 and was the location of the first settlement.
Euphorbia is a Brazilian electronic body music band that was formed on January 1, 2005, in Brazil.
The Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey is a sports league in Canada, specifically in Quebec. It was founded in 1996 and it is related to ice hockey.
The Review of Economics and Statistics is a scientific journal that was established in 1917. It is published by MIT Press and is edited by Philippe Aghion. The journal is published in English.
The Ybor Factory Building in Florida, United States was designed by C.E. Parcell and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oberliga Westfalen is an association football league in Germany which was created in 1978. It is a league level above Regionalliga Nord.
Rugby Club Savoie Rumilly, a rugby union team, was founded in 1911 in France. The team competes in the sport of rugby union.
Charles Manthorpe was a human being. He was born on 31 March 1836 and died on 6 December 1898. He was male.
Santa Terezinha is a municipality in Pernambuco, Brazil. It was founded in 1963 and shares a border with Tabira, Pernambuco.
Blessing Liman was born in Zangon Kataf on 13 March 1984. She is a female human and an aircraft pilot.
The Patna-Gaya line, which is owned by the Indian Railways, is a railway line in India. The line was opened in 1900. The line has a terminus at Patna Junction railway station.
The Turkish language is used in Sivas Province. It shares a border with Kayseri Province. The province contains the administrative territory of Sivas. The Kirmanjki language is also used in Sivas Province. Additionally, the province contains the administrative territory of Ulaş.
Trinity High School in Euless, Texas, United States, is located in Texas. It was established in 1968 and is part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District.
Runciman railway station, in New Zealand, was opened on 28 July 1879 and closed on 8 December 1918. The station serves as a train station and is on the North Island Main Trunk.
The Downey Building, a commercial building with Renaissance Revival architecture, is located in Illinois, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
ToonBox Entertainment is a company that was founded in 2008 and is based in Toronto. It is a company in the computer animation industry.
Plattsmouth, Nebraska is a county seat in the United States. It is located in Cass County, Nebraska, and is the capital of Cass County, and is also a city of the United States.
WOLR, a radio station in Lake City, Florida, in the United States, was founded in 1977.
Out of Oz is a speculative fiction novel published by William Morrow and Company. It is part of The Wicked Years series and follows A Lion Among Men, set in the Land of Oz.
Bar 7 is a hard rock band from the United States. Its members are Jeff Keith and it is located in California.
The skyscraper Abraj Al Lulu, designed by Ja'afar Tuqan, is located in Manama, Bahrain. It is an instance of a skyscraper and was opened in March 2009.
Bache & Co. is a United States based business founded by Jules Bache in 1879, with its headquarters located in New York City.
The Royal Danish Playhouse, designed by Lundgaard & Tranberg, is a theater located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark. It is a structure of type Theater (structure) and was opened in 2008.
Ola High School in Georgia, United States, was founded in 2006. It is a high school located in Georgia and is part of the Henry County School District.
Once Upon a Mirage is a 1982 film from Hong Kong, written by Lilian Lee, and originally in Cantonese.
Nitro Records, a record label founded by Dexter Holland on 1 January 1995, is a United States based business with headquarters in San Francisco.
Ordu is a city in Turkey, the capital of which is Ordu Province. Ordu is located in Ordu Province, Turkey. Ordu is an instance of a city. The capital of Ordu Province is Ordu. Ordu is twinned with Marmaris.
Blue Island is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1836 and is bordered by Alsip, Illinois.
The film Fados was made in Spain and Portugal. The director of photography was Eduardo Serra. The cast included Miguel Poveda and Chico Buarque.
The Pacific Grade Summit is located in the Sierra Nevada range in Alpine County, California, United States. The pass is a mountain pass that carries California State Route 4.
The Spencer Street Bridge is located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It crosses the Yarra River.
Golda Meir lived in Kiev. Kiev was the start time and end time of an event in Golda Meir's life, and it is located in the administrative territorial entity of Kiev, which is a country.
Team Facelift is a hip hop music band from New York City, United States, formed on January 1, 2004.
CJMS is a French speaking radio station in Quebec, Canada which was established in 1999.
KBCR-FM, a radio station in Steamboat Springs, Colorado, in the United States, was founded on 01 January 1974.
Blyford is a village in the Waveney District, a civil parish in the United Kingdom.
Slobozia, Giurgiu is a commune in Romania, specifically in Giurgiu County, and it is the capital of Slobozia, which contains the settlement of Slobozia.
The Hamilton Waterworks, a pumping station, is located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It has the architectural style of Victorian architecture and is a National Historic Site of Canada.
Battle of Radzymin took place on 25 April 1809 in Radzymin, Poland, when the Duchy of Warsaw took part in the battle. The battle was part of the Austro-Polish War.
Exmortus is a rock and pop band from California, United States. Their musical genre is Thrash metal and they are signed to Prosthetic Records.
Ingram Micro, a company based in Irvine, California, was founded in 1979. The company is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. Ingram Micro's parent organization is HNA Technology.
Dekaney High School is located in Texas, United States. It is a high school established in 2007 and is part of the Spring Independent School District.
Gmina Leszno is a rural municipality in Warsaw West County, Poland. It is located east of Gmina Kampinos.
Lenartov is a municipality in Bardejov District, Slovakia. It was established in 1427 and the earliest written record is 1427.
CATIA, which was created in 1977 by Dassault Systèmes, uses C++ as its programming language. The software is a computer-aided design software with a proprietary license.
Hi Suhyun is a K-pop musical duo from Seoul, formed in 2014. They are signed to YG Entertainment.
Proflight Zambia is a Zambian airline founded in 1991. Its headquarters are located in Lusaka and its main hub is Kenneth Kaunda International Airport.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1357 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 21 June 2001. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1356 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1358.
Thaicom (company), founded by Thaksin Shinawatra in 1991, is a Thai business with its headquarters located in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Castelbelforte is a comune in the Province of Mantua, Italy. It is the capital of the comune and is located in the province. Castelbelforte shares a border with Trevenzuolo.
Union Station in Toronto is adjacent to Bloor GO Station. The two stations are connected by a line and Union Station is in the direction towards Bloor GO Station.
Delia Mathews, a woman born in New Zealand in 1990, is a ballet dancer and human.
Lasher is a book written in English, published by Alfred A. Knopf, with cover art by Chip Kidd. It is part of the Lives of the Mayfair Witches trilogy and has an edition called Lasher.
The Carnegie Hall Tower, a skyscraper, was designed by César Pelli and completed in 1991. It is located in Manhattan, United States.
Florin Iordache was the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania from an unknown start time to an unknown end time. He was replaced by an unknown person.
McGuireWoods is a law firm based in the United States, founded in 1834. The company is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and is organized as a limited liability partnership.
The Gurleyville Historic District is located in Connecticut, United States. It is a historic district with the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lebanon High School in Oregon, United States was founded in 1909. It is a high school and is part of the Lebanon Community Schools.
Laetitia Casta is a human who speaks French and French, her native language. She was awarded the Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres and the Marianne award.
Fantom Warior is a thrash metal band from Union Township, Union County, New Jersey, United States that was formed in 1984.
The Hampden County Courthouse in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States was designed by Henry Hobson Richardson and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Firemonkeys Studios is a video game developer that was founded in 1999 and is owned by Electronic Arts. The company is headquartered in Melbourne.
The Silja Serenade is owned by the Silja Line and its home port is Mariehamn. The ship was built by STX Finland.
Tashtun is a village in Armenia. It is located in Syunik Province and shares a border with Lichk, Syunik. The official language is Armenian.
Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan is a film from Hong Kong, produced by Runme Shaw and distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio. The film is in Mandarin Chinese and features Corey Yuen in the cast.
The Settlers Online is a browser game developed by Ubisoft Blue Byte. It is part of the The Settlers series. The game can be played using a computer keyboard and a computer mouse.
Buffalo Woman Lake is located in Flathead County, Montana, in the United States. It is a lake in the United States, and is located in Glacier National Park.
The Regenkreis, named after the Regen River, has Straubing as its capital and contains the administrative territorial entity Straubing. It shares borders with the Isarkreis and the Mainkreis (Bavaria).
The Point of Fork Plantation is a plantation located in Virginia, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oroville is in Butte County, California, in the United States. The city was founded on 3 January 1906 and has a memorial park cemetery.
The Bhutanese ngultrum is the currency in Bhutan. It was introduced in 1974 and replaced the Bhutanese rupee.
The 1973 New York state election was held in New York (state) in the United States. It was an election, which took place in 1973. The election was for a member of the New York State Assembly.
The United States is the origin of Low Down. The film was produced by Albert Berger. English is the language of the film. The director of photography for Low Down was Christopher Blauvelt. The film is distributed by Universal Pictures.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 105 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on July 28, 1954. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 104 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 106.
Kayseri Subregion, with Yozgat Province, is located in Turkey. It is part of the Central Anatolia region and is also a statistical subregion.
The Grave, a novel, was written by James Heneghan and published in 2000. The novel is a literary work and is a novel, set in Liverpool.
Ipchains is a free software written in C and is operated on Linux. It was created by Rusty Russell and is released under the GNU General Public License.
The Silas Williams House is located in Illinois, United States. The house is an instance of a House and has the architectural style of Queen Anne style architecture in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Seoul Broadcasting System is a joint-stock company listed on the Korea Exchange. It is the owner of SBS TV and a subsidiary of SBS Media Holdings. SBS A&T is also a subsidiary of Seoul Broadcasting System.
Blyth Terrace is a historic building in New South Wales, Australia, and is listed in the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act. It is currently used as a dwelling.
KSLT, a radio station in Spearfish, South Dakota, in the United States, was founded in 1984.
The Tolerance sculpture is an aluminium sculpture located in Houston, United States, created by Jaume Plensa.
Love at First Fight is a Standard Chinese TV show from China which stars Wallace Huo and George Hu.
The Brooks Seaplane Base in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, United States was established on January 5, 1947.
The Postal Savings Bank of China is a business in China, located in Xicheng District. The bank was founded on January 1, 2007 and is traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Philippe Noiret received the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work at a certain point in time for his work.
The Buffalo Creek is located in Brooke County, West Virginia, United States. It is a river that flows into the Ohio River, which is part of the Ohio River basin.
Michael Deeley won the Academy Award for Best Picture for his work. His work is the subject of a statement, which is also about his work.
The Rink was created by Kander and Ebb. The music was written by John Kander, the lyrics were written by Fred Ebb, the book was written by Terrence McNally.
The Solar T62 is an aircraft component from the United States, an engine family, manufactured by Solar Turbines, and used as an aircraft engine.
Selayar Island is located in the Flores Sea, part of the Selayar Islands Regency in South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Mount Pleasant High School in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, is located in the state of Delaware. It is a high school that was founded on January 1, 1830, and is part of the Brandywine School District.
The Round Mountain Gold Mine is a mine in the United States, located in Nevada. It is owned by Kinross Gold and produces gold.
Alethia Tanner was born in Baden, Maryland. Her birth year is unclear (00 1785). She is a female human being. Her surname is Tanner.
C Spire is a business in the mobile phone industry based in the United States. It was founded in 1988 and is located in Ridgeland, Mississippi.
Cressage is a village located in Shropshire, United Kingdom, situated on the River Severn. It is a civil parish.
The U.S. state of North Carolina is the location of Interstate 73, which is a road. The route was created in 1997 and is part of the Interstate Highway System.
Feeling Minnesota is a film from the United States, originally in English, that is set in Minnesota. The film features Courtney Love and was shot by Walt Lloyd.
Aniyaa is a film from the Maldives. It was released in 2014. The film was directed and written by Ahmed Nimal.
Google Answers is a knowledge market owned by Google that was launched in 2002. It was dissolved in 2006 and replaced by Google Questions and Answers.
Khiladi 420 is an action film from India, originally in Hindi, produced by Keshu Ramsay and set in Canada.
Nippon Cable, a Japanese company, was founded in Tokyo, Japan on January 1, 1953. The company is a business with its headquarters also located in Tokyo, Japan.
The Kilbourn Bridge is a road bridge located in Iowa, United States. It was designed by the Iowa Department of Transportation and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Henry Art Gallery in Seattle, United States was founded by Horace Chapin Henry on 1 January 1927. It is an art museum.
Synapse Gaming is a business in the United States, founded in 2003. The company is located in Pittsburgh and operates in the video game industry.
Ice River Springs, a company in the drink industry, was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Shelburne, Ontario.
OpenPlans is a nonprofit organization founded by Mark Gorton. It is located in New York City, United States.
The Trials of Ted Haggard is a 2009 documentary film from the United States, directed by Alexandra Pelosi.
Sharda University, located in Uttar Pradesh, India, was established in 2009 and is affiliated to the University Grants Commission, India.
The Barlow River (New Zealand) is a river located in the West Coast of New Zealand. It has a tributary called the North Barlow River and flows into the Perth River.
Principles of Economics, written by Alfred Marshall, is a non-fiction book about Economics published in 1890.
The Bradford Downtown Historic District is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a historic district with the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The TV series Asian Idol was produced by Fremantle and broadcast on RCTI. It began on December 15, 2007 and ended on December 16, 2007.
LRAD Corporation, a business founded by Woody Norris in 1980, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in San Diego.
Creative Arts Morgan Village Academy is a high school located in Camden, New Jersey, United States. It was established in 1994 and is part of the Camden City School District.
Ningineer Stadium, a stadium in Matsuyama, Japan, was opened in 1979. It is a stadium in Japan and is occupied by Ehime FC.
The Sanderson House at 301 Scottholm Boulevard in Syracuse, New York, United States was designed by architect Ward Wellington Ward and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Benjamin Disraeli was a Member of the 16th Parliament of the United Kingdom and a Member of the 20th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was also the Chancellor of the Exchequer, a position that carries the honorific prefix The Right Honourable. Benjamin Disraeli wrote in English.
Soldak Entertainment is a business in the United States, specifically located in the United States. The company was founded on November 22, 2004, and is part of the video game industry.
British and Commonwealth Holdings is a financial services company that was founded in 1955. It was headquartered in London. The company was dissolved in 1990.
Neo Solar Power is a joint-stock company founded in 2005. The company is located in Hsinchu and is an enterprise and a business.
St. Raymond High School for Boys, a high school located in New York (state), United States, was founded in 1960 by John Corrigan.
Jupiter Rising is a dance-rock band from California, United States, formed on January 1, 2005.
The Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was designed by architect R. Brognard Okie and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A Farmer's Year, written by H. Rider Haggard, is a book published in 1899. It is a book from the United Kingdom and is in the public domain.
Raging Speedhorn is a heavy metal band from Corby, United Kingdom. They were formed in 1998.
Berkswell is a village located in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, in the United Kingdom. It is a civil parish.
Arnold Palmer Regional Airport, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is an airport that was established on 4 January 1938 and serves Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
Jerry Moran graduated from the University of Kansas with a law degree from the University of Kansas School of Law in 1985.
The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch is a television show from the United States, originally broadcast on CNBC, which started on July 25, 2004 and ended on December 5, 2008.
Iczer Reborn is an Original video animation, specifically a Mecha anime and manga, from Japan. It was produced by Anime International Company and is in the Japanese language.
KMGV is a radio station owned by Cumulus Media, licensed to broadcast to Fresno, California, in the United States, and located in California.
Kentisbeare is a village in Mid Devon, located in the United Kingdom, and is a civil parish.
Stuart W. Cramer High School, in the United States, is part of the Gaston County Schools District. The school was established in 2013 and is named after Stuart W. Cramer.
Honda S2000 is a car model manufactured by Honda and is a competitor in auto racing. It is the successor to the Honda S800.
Dolliver Memorial State Park is a state park in Iowa, United States. It was established on January 1, 1925. The park was designed by the Central Design Office in Ames.
RAI uses Il Canto degli Italiani as its theme music, which started on an unknown date and ended on an unknown date. The composer of Il Canto degli Italiani is unknown.
The Najiehe Railway Bridge is a bridge in China, located in Guizhou. It spans the Wu River, a tributary of the Yangtze, and was opened in 2016.
The novel Moon Palace, written in American English, is published by Viking Press. It is set in New York City. It is the sequel to In the Country of Last Things and was followed by The Music of Chance.
The William Peter Webb House is a house located in Eutaw, Alabama, United States. The house has the architectural style of Greek Revival. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Concord High School in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, was founded in 1969. It is a high school and is located in Wilmington, Delaware, and is part of the Brandywine School District.
The Waterville Bridge is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is an instance of a Bridge and was designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Chkalov Stairs, a monument, was designed by both Vladimir Munz and Alexander Yacovlev in the Stalinist architecture style and was opened in 1949.
The Albert Slingerlands House is a historic house located in the state of New York, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Shardara is a human settlement in Kazakhstan. It is located in the Shardara District, which is part of the Turkistan Region. Shardara is the capital of Shardara District.
KVH Co. Ltd. is a Japanese company in the telecommunications industry. It was founded on April 2, 1999 and is based in Tokyo.
Creative Diagnostics, a privately held company, is a biotechnology company that was founded in 2005 and is based in New York City.
The Suwannee County Airport in Live Oak, Florida, United States was established on 7 January 1965.
The Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu passenger railway, which has a terminus at Shanghai Hongqiao railway station, is operated by both China Railway Wuhan Group and China Railway Shanghai Group. It consists of the Hefei-Nanjing passenger railway and the Suining-Chongqing railway.
The Little Jacks Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Idaho, United States, established in 2009. It is classified as an IUCN Category Ib: Wilderness Area.
The film Marriage 2.0 was released in 2015 in the U.S. The film is in English and stars India Summer.
USS Bausell, a Gearing-class destroyer, was named after Lewis K. Bausell. The USS Bausell is in the United States Navy.
The Moriyama Domain, a han system, was founded by Matsudaira Yorisada in 1700. It was preceded by the Nukada Domain and was followed by the Matsukawa Domain.
Arunabh Sarkar is a human being. He is a citizen of Pakistan and Bangladesh. He was awarded the Bangla Academy Literary Award. His native language is Bengali.
Hyperspace Delivery Boy! is a game developed by Monkeystone Games and published by Linux Game Publishing. It is available for Microsoft Windows and Linux, and was designed by Tom Hall.
Christmas Bells is a television advertisement that was produced by Colossal Pictures. It originates from the United States and was first broadcast in 1989. It was distributed by The Hershey Company.
The Cordillera de los Frailes is a mountain range in Bolivia, in the Andes. Its highest point is Nuevo Mundo volcano. It is part of the continent of the Americas.
Agaju: The Sacred Path of Treasure is an adventure video game developed and published by Gizmondo for the Gizmondo platform.
Shaw Industries is a business based in the United States. The company was founded in 1946 and is located in Dalton, Georgia. It operates in the textile industry.
RapScallions is an alternative rock band from Hollywood, United States. They were formed in 2011.
Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse is a retail business in the United States. It was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic house located in New York State, United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1279 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on November 30, 1999. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1278 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1280.
The Colbert Report was created by Stephen Colbert. Stephen Colbert hosted The Colbert Report, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time. Stephen Colbert played a character in The Colbert Report.
The Central Balkan National Park in Bulgaria was established in 1991. It is a National Park and has the IUCN category II: National Park designation. Additionally, it is a Tentative World Heritage Site.
The painting A break away was created by Tom Roberts in 1891 and is located in the Art Gallery of South Australia, which also holds the painting in its collection.
The Coldwater River National Wildlife Refuge in Mississippi, United States was established in 2000. The IUCN Category IV habitat/species management area is the Coldwater River National Wildlife Refuge.
The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow is an institute located in Glasgow, Glasgow City, United Kingdom. It was founded by Peter Lowe (surgeon).
The Daihatsu Mira Gino is a car model manufactured by Daihatsu and is the successor to the Daihatsu Cuore. It was followed by the Daihatsu Mira Cocoa.
The Sunni Students Council is an international organization whose official language is Malayalam. Its chairperson is Shafi Bin Khalid and it was a participant in The People's Meeting 2016.
Nantou County Council is the legislature of Nantou County, Taiwan. It was created in 1950 and has a member of the Nantou County Council.
The Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that applies to New Zealand, is located in New Zealand, was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament in 2008.
The 1913 Alberta general election was held in Alberta, Canada. The election was won by Arthur Sifton in 1913. This election is part of the list of Alberta general elections.
Divinity Destroyed is a progressive metal band from Toms River, New Jersey, United States. They were formed in 1999.
The Princeton Airport in Princeton, New Jersey, United States was established on 4 January 1938. It is located in New Jersey and is an airport.
Jjigae is a Korean stew, a type of hot pot dish that contains meat and is a type of food.
The Szczecin Voivodeship Office in Szczecin, Poland, was designed by Paul Kieschke and was built in 1911. It is an architectural structure.
Burlington, Kentucky is a census-designated place in the United States. It was founded in 1799 and is located in Boone County, Kentucky, which it serves as the capital of.
Panzerpappa is a rock and pop band from Oslo, formed in 1998. Their genre is Progressive rock and they are signed to Rune Grammofon.
The Wandering Light was made by Messter Film in Germany. The film was produced by Oskar Messter and the original language is German. Karl Freund was the director of photography.
Emanuel Parzen is a human being. He received the Wilks Memorial Award and was recognized as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He studied at Harvard University and supervised the work of his doctoral student Grace Wahba.
The Changshou Yangtze River Railway Bridge is located in Changshou District and was opened in November 2006. It carries the Chongqing-Huaihua Railway and it crosses the Yangtze River.
Vier gegen Z was broadcast by ARD (broadcaster) from 10 April 2005 to 17 November 2007. The series originated from Germany and starred Monica Bleibtreu.
The Wisconsin Tower is a skyscraper located in Milwaukee, United States. It was constructed in 1930 and features the architectural style of Art Deco.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1888 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on September 30, 2009. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1887 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1889.
Nevidzany, Prievidza District, Slovakia is a municipality that was established in 1229 and is located in Prievidza District, Slovakia. It is a municipality of Slovakia and the earliest written record of it dates back to 1229.
The Federal Office Building in Seattle, United States was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect for the U.S. Treasury and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Computerworld (also known as Computerworld) originates from the United States. It was founded by Patrick Joseph McGovern. The language used is Russian. It is published by the International Data Group.
The Boy Kumasenu is a drama film from Ghana. It was released in 1952 and was directed by Sean Graham.
North Dakota Highway 1804 is a road in the United States, which is owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation and part of the numbered highways in North Dakota.
NBA Jam 2002 is part of the NBA Jam series. It is a multiplayer video game developed and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance.
Norden Farm Centre for the Arts is a theater in Maidenhead, United Kingdom. It is an arts centre and includes the Norden Farm House.
Like a Storm is a hard rock band from Auckland, New Zealand, formed in 2005.
The Vermilion Regional Airport in Danville, Illinois, United States was established on January 3, 1951.
Bharathan Effect is a science fiction film from India, originally in Malayalam. The film features Biju Menon and was shot by Ramachandra Babu.
Shubenacadie Grand Lake is located in Nova Scotia, Canada. The lake is in Canada and is an instance of a lake. Its outflow is the Shubenacadie River.
Valea Mare, Covasna is a commune in Covasna County, Romania, which is an instance of Communes of Romania, and its capital is Valea Mare, which contains the settlement of Valea Mare.
Ebba the Movie is a Swedish language documentary film from Sweden. The screenwriter is Johan Donner and Lennart Eriksson is a cast member.
Colin Fry is one of the stars in the reality TV series, 6ixth Sense, which originates from the United Kingdom. The series was produced in English.
Divya Pillai is a citizen of India. Divya Pillai was born on November 23, 1985. Divya Pillai was born in Dubai. Divya Pillai is a woman. Divya Pillai is a human.
Sercomtel is a business in the mobile phone industry located in Brazil. The company was founded on January 1, 1968 and is based in Londrina.
Kazarman Airport, located in Kazarman, is an airport in Kyrgyzstan. It serves the transport hub of Kazarman.
The 2003 Hokkaido gubernatorial election, an election in Japan, was held on 13 April 2003. The election was a gubernatorial election, and Harumi Takahashi was the successful candidate for Governor of Hokkaidō Prefecture.
The WAP-7 is an electric locomotive class, a subclass of electric locomotive, and an instance of locomotive class. It is operated by Indian Railways, manufactured by Chittaranjan Locomotive Works, and has a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Mules and Men is a book written by Zora Neale Hurston and published in the U.S. in 1935. The book is a book about folklore.
The band Spotlight Kid, whose musical genre is Psychedelic rock, was formed in Nottingham in 2006. Chris Davis is a member of the band.
Mujhe Meri Biwi Se Bachaao is a Hindi film from India. It was directed by Harry Baweja and produced by Prakash Mehra. The film features Naseeruddin Shah in a starring role.
Lougheed Island is located in the Arctic Ocean, part of the Findlay Group, in Nunavut, Canada.
Wardrum is a power metal band from Thessaloniki, Greece. They were formed on January 1, 2010.
The TD Station is an architectural structure located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. It is used for ice hockey and is the home of the Saint John Flames.
Lakhon Ki Baat, a Hindi film, was written by Basu Chatterjee. It stars Anita Raj and Farooq Sheikh and originates from India.
Ledgedale Airpark, located in Brockport, New York, United States, was established on January 4, 1969.
The Presidential Election of Greece, 2010 was held on 3 February 2010 and resulted in Karolos Papoulias becoming President of Greece.
The 1935 Coupe de France Final was held at Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir. Charles Roviglione scored a goal for Olympique de Marseille, who won the Coupe de France Final. Stade Rennais FC also participated in the final.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, a central bank located in Sydney, Australia, was established in 1960 and is currently headed by Glenn Stevens.
Iferni is a rural commune of Morocco. It is located in Driouch Province, Morocco. It is also a commune of Morocco. The official language is Modern Standard Arabic.
The Guardian newspaper is published in the United Kingdom and was founded by John Edward Taylor. Its Berliner format is still in use and it won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. It is part of the journalism industry.
The film Port Authority is set in New York City, a location in the United States. The film, which originates from the United States, stars Leyna Bloom and Fionn Whitehead and was produced by Martin Scorsese.
The Fitzgerald Family Christmas is a film from the United States, set in New York. The film is in the English language and stars Edward Burns and Tom Guiry.
The People's University of Amsterdam in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is a Volksuniversiteit. It was founded by Sebald Rudolf Steinmetz and was inaugurated 15 January 1913.
Uberto Pasolini received the BAFTA Award for Best Film for his work at some point in time, and also for his work at some point in time.
Kornos FC 2013 play in the STOK Elite Division. The club is based in Kornos, Cyprus and is a member of the Larnaca District Football Association. Kornos FC 2013's home ground is Kornos Community Stadium.
My Dear Desperado is a South Korean film. The original language of the film is Korean. The producer is Yoon Je-kyoon and the screenwriter is Kim Kwang-sik. The film is distributed by Lotte Cultureworks.
Pedraza, Magdalena was established in 1790. It is a municipality in Colombia. The country is Colombia. It is located in the Magdalena Department. The official language is Spanish.
WBIX is a radio station in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It is a radio station and was founded in 1922.
Lapham's Quarterly is a magazine from the United States, published in New York City. It was founded in 2007 and is edited by Lewis H. Lapham.
The Yangmingtan Bridge is located in Harbin, China. It is a Bridge. It was inaugurated in November 2011 and it crosses the Songhua River.
Ripky is the capital of Ripky Raion, which is located in Ripky Raion. Ripky is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The Angel of the Resurrection, a stained glass work created by Louis Comfort Tiffany in 1904, depicts an angel and is located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
The Allure of Tears is a 2011 film from China, directed by Wong Chun-chun, a drama film.
Orquesta SCC is a band in the Salsa dura genre from New York City, United States, formed in 2013.
Debbie Stabenow graduated from Michigan State University with an academic degree. She completed her education at Michigan State University.
Maverik Lacrosse is a business based in the United States, specifically in Mineola, New York, and was founded in 2005. The company produces sports equipment.
KLUQ, a radio station in Steelville, Missouri, in the United States, was founded in 1997.
Ivy Dale Farm is located in Delaware, United States. It is a building with the architectural style of Georgian architecture. The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Idun language is a modern language that is spoken in Nigeria, specifically in Nasarawa State and Kaduna State.
The band Beat is a rock and pop band from Finland, who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990.
The Crimson Beech, a building located in New York State, United States, was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and is a New York City Landmark.
Pittsburgh International Airport, which falls under the category Category:Pittsburgh International Airport, is operated by the Allegheny County Airport Authority and is located in Pittsburgh, which it serves as a transport hub. It was opened in 1952 and is named after the city of Pittsburgh.
KB Prishtina is a basketball team that was founded in 1970. It is a basketball team that plays in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague and its home venue is the Palace of Youth and Sports.
Scorpion de Bey is an association football club from Cameroon. They compete in the Elite One league and their home stadium is the Roumdé Adjia Stadium.
Moira Gunn, a female human being, was born in Staten Island. She is a podcaster and graduated from Purdue University.
The Don Roman Santos Building is a building in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines. It was constructed in 1894 and has a Neoclassical architectural style.
The 1991 Dutch Open (tennis) was part of the ATP World Series. The tournament was played on clay courts and started on 22 July 1991 and ended on 28 July 1991.
The Jensen 541 is a car model made by Jensen Motors and is the successor to the Jensen Interceptor (1950). It was manufactured by Jensen Motors and is a brand of Jensen Motors. It was succeeded by the Jensen C-V8.
Manchester City FC won the 2019 FA Cup Final. David Silva and Raheem Sterling scored goals for Manchester City FC. Watford FC also participated in the final.
My Memories of Old Beijing is from China and is based on the novel of the same name. The film is in Standard Chinese and was written by Lin Haiyin, and it is set in Beijing.
YBNL Nation, a varying band from Nigeria, was founded by Olamide in 2012. The record label is based in Nigeria.
G.E.M. Membership Department Stores, a business, was founded in 1956. It is a retail company located in Detroit and was dissolved in 1973.
The Wild Animal Control Act 1977 is a New Zealand statute that applies to New Zealand, is a New Zealand statute, and was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament in 1977.
Lady Mechanika is a Steampunk comic book series created by Joe Benitez and published by Aspen Comics. Joe Benitez is also the author of Lady Mechanika.
Hidden Valley High School in Virginia, United States was established in 2002. It is a high school located in Virginia and is part of the Roanoke County Public Schools.
The Water Gipsies is a novel written by A.P. Herbert, published in 1930, that is a literary work and a Novel set in London.
Venlo-Eindhoven railway line is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and opened in 1866. Its terminus is Venlo railway station in the Netherlands.
Dog Faced Hermans are a punk rock band from Edinburgh, United Kingdom. They are signed to the record label Alternative Tentacles.
The East Hills railway line is a railway line in New South Wales, Australia, owned by RailCorp and maintained by Sydney Trains.
Las Vegas High School is located in Nevada, United States. It was established in 1993 and is part of the Clark County School District.
Mars Area High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a high school that was founded in 1967 and is part of the Mars Area School District.
The Wingham Chronicle and Manning River Observer is an English language daily newspaper from Australia. Its place of publication is Wingham, New South Wales.
Amity University, Noida, established in 1995, is a university located in Noida, India, and is affiliated to the University Grants Commission (India).
The Camp Ripley Bridge is a railway bridge and a road bridge that crosses the Mississippi River in Green Prairie Township, Morrison County, Minnesota, United States.
John Boccieri graduated from Webster University with an academic degree. He attended Webster University until the end time, which is the same end time as his academic degree at Webster University.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 524 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 29 November 1982. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 523 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 525.
The Hamilton Spectator is a broadsheet daily newspaper published in Canada. It was founded in 1846 and is owned by the Metroland Media Group.
KVON is a radio station in Napa, California, United States. The station was founded in 1947.
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company is a coffeehouse in the United States. It was founded in 1995 and is based in Seattle, specializing in the gastronomy industry.
Rick Zieff stars in Full Circle, which was released on 13 January 2008. The film was directed by Tony Klinger and was originally shown in English.
Lambert High School is located in Georgia, United States. It was established in 2009 and is part of the Forsyth County Schools.
Mervyn Peake wrote Letters from a Lost Uncle, a novel published in 1948, which is set in the Arctic.
The Sri Sairam Institute of Technology in Chennai, India was established in 2008 and is an engineering school affiliated to Anna University.
The American Fern Journal is a scientific journal that was established in 1910 and published in Washington, D.C. It is primarily concerned with the polypodiophyta. The journal is written in English.
The Radford Highlanders are a university and college sports club in the United States, playing both Association football and Basketball, and represent Radford University.
The Hampton County Courthouse, which is a courthouse, is located in Hampton, South Carolina, United States. It has the architectural style of Italianate architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Solomon River is a river located in Kansas, United States. It is a river that flows into the Smoky Hill River and has a tributary called the North Fork Solomon River.
Danny Kirwan was a member of Fleetwood Mac. He started playing with Fleetwood Mac and his role in the band was a subject, but the exact role is unclear. He left Fleetwood Mac.
Nanjing Normal University in Nanjing, China was established in 1902. It is located in Nanjing, China. The university has a subsidiary called Ginling College.
The Neversink River is a river in New York, United States. It flows into the Delaware River, which is part of the Delaware River basin.
WLTT, a radio station in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, in the United States, was founded in 1989.
The Akita Prefectural Baseball Stadium, located in the city of Akita, Japan, is a stadium. It was opened in 2003 and is the home of the Japanese High School Baseball Championship.
The Santa Fe Depot in Oklahoma City was opened in 1934, but then also opened again in 1999, and it was closed in 1979. The Santa Fe Depot is adjacent to the Norman Depot and is connected to the Heartland Flyer service.
Calumet High School in Chicago, Illinois, United States was established on January 1, 1909. It is a secondary school and part of the Chicago Public Schools.
Everett Memorial Stadium is a baseball park located in Washington state, United States. The stadium is owned by the Everett School District and is the home of the Everett AquaSox.
The Mitsubishi FTO is a sports car (a subclass of sports car) manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, a car model. It is a brand of Mitsubishi Motors.
Olivia Ruiz is a pop musician signed to Polydor Records. She is fluent in French and her music genre is pop music. Olivia Ruiz is a singer whose voice is a natural language.
Fan * tastik is a Philippine TV series from the Philippines, created by TV5 Network. It aired from February 27, 2011 to May 22, 2011.
Three Gateway Center is a skyscraper located in Pittsburgh, United States. It was designed by Eggers & Higgins and completed in 1952.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship is the organizer of UFC 140, a mixed martial arts sporting event that was held in Toronto, United States.
Ekibastuz Airport, located in the Pavlodar Region of Kazakhstan, is an airport serving Ekibastuz.
The Al Azim Mosque is a mosque located in Malacca City, Malaysia. It was established on 1 January 1990 and features Islamic architecture.
The company Smartface is a company in the software industry and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States.
JEFF the Brotherhood is a rock and pop band from Nashville, Tennessee, United States. Their musical genre is Garage rock and they are signed to Dine Alone Records.
The Soyuz TM-21 was launched on 14 March 1995 from the Soyuz-U2. It landed in Kazakhstan on 11 September 1995, marking a significant event, which was the landing.
Operation Smile is a nonprofit organization based in the United States, founded in 1982. The organization is headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
WEGP, a radio station in Presque Isle, Maine, in the United States, was founded on 1 January 1960.
The Hampden Bridge in Kangaroo Valley, New South Wales, Australia, is a suspension bridge that crosses the Kangaroo River (Shoalhaven) and was opened on 19 May 1898.
The Medina Armory, an armory, is located in New York State, United States. It has the Victorian style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 14th Street Bridge is located in Washington D.C., United States. It is a bridge. The 14th Street Bridge was opened in 1903 and it crosses the Potomac River.
La reina del mambo is a rumberas film from Mexico, originally in Spanish, starring Gustavo Rojo and Roberto Cobo.
The Earth Observing-1 is an Earth observation satellite operated by NASA. It was launched on November 21, 2000 from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. It was launched aboard the Delta II rocket.
The Wibawa Mukti Stadium, located in Bekasi Regency, Indonesia, is a stadium and was opened in 2014. It is the home of Persikasi Bekasi.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1103 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 31 March 1997. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1102 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1104.
The Westmount Examiner is a Berliner format newspaper in Canada. It was created in 1935. The newspaper is owned by Transcontinental.
WDOH is a radio station in Delphos, Ohio, United States. The station was established in 1972.
The Cheyenne Frontier Days Arena is a sports venue in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States. The arena is owned by Cheyenne Frontier Days and is also occupied by Cheyenne Frontier Days.
The 2019 UN Climate Action Summit, which has the main topic of Climate action, was held on 23 September 2019 at the United Nations Headquarters in the United States.
The Armenian First League, which was founded in 1992, is an association football league in Armenia. The league's season starts in March.
The Los Angeles Times Building is an office building located in California, United States. It was designed by Gordon Kaufmann and completed in 1935.
Chess Crusade, a traditional video game, was released in the UK on 30 May 2008 and is available for the Nintendo DS.
The British Society for Parasitology is a parasitology organization in the United Kingdom. It was founded in April 1962 and is based in Bedford.
South-East-Central Railway Sports Club is an association football club from India. They participate in the National Football League (India) and play their home matches at the Cooperage Ground.
Hornsdale Wind Farm, which is operated by Neoen, is a wind turbine. It is located in Hornsdale, South Australia, and is different from the Hornsdale Power Reserve. The farm was made by Catcon.
The 283 series is an electric multiple unit, a type of locomotive, manufactured by Hitachi and operated by the West Japan Railway Company. It was first put into service on 31 July 1996.
Ketaki Narayan, born in Akola, is a female actor and human being. Her given name is Ketaki.
Ismael Sueno, a male, was born in Koronadal and is a politician and member of the Probinsya Muna Development Initiative. He is a human being.
The ship SS Aud, built by Bergen Mekaniske Verksted in Norway, was in service from 1907 to 1916.
The Jarbidge River is a river located in Idaho, United States. It flows into the Bruneau River, which is part of the Snake River basin.
The short film Deface was released on January 1, 2007. The Korean language is the original language of the film, which stars Joseph Steven Yang.
Alicia Vikander won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in The Danish Girl.
Urbandale High School is located in Iowa, United States. It was founded on January 1, 1916 and is part of the Urbandale Community School District.
The SS Arctic, a ship and a paddle steamer, is owned by and operated by Collins Line, and its home port is New York City.
The film Mariinsky Theatre was directed by Margy Kinmonth and was released in 2008. The film is in English and is from the United Kingdom.
The Marcha newspaper was founded on June 23, 1939 in Uruguay. The editor is Carlos Quijano, the newspaper is published in Spanish.
Westminster High School in Westminster, California, United States, was founded on 10 September 1959. It is a state school and part of the Huntington Beach Union High School District.
The Marvel Trading Card Game was developed by Vicious Cycle Software and published by Konami. It uses the Vicious Engine and is available in ROM cartridge form for Microsoft Windows.
The Abed Hamdani Stadium is a stadium in El Khroub, Algeria. It is used for association football and is the home of AS Khroub.
Western Hills High School in Benbrook, Texas, United States was founded in 1968. It is a high school and part of the Fort Worth Independent School District.
Coulter Field is a stadium in Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada. It is owned by Bishop's University and the occupant of the stadium is the Bishop's Gaiters.
Second Hand Rose is a rock band from China. They were formed in 2000 and are influenced by heavy metal music.
The airline Romavia was founded in 1991, and had its hub at Aurel Vlaicu International Airport. It was based in Romania and dissolved in 2010.
Currency Exchange International (founded in 1998) is a business located in Orlando, Florida, and is involved in the financial services industry. They are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Seiichi Kita is a human being. He is a citizen of Japan and a man. His given name is Seiichi, and he holds the military rank of General officer.
The Free Papua Movement was founded in 1965 in Papua, Indonesia. The Movement's ideology is nationalism and it is a liberation movement.
The Deutscher Schriftstellerverband was a German Advocacy group that was founded in East Germany on May 22, 1952. Its chair was Hermann Kant and it dissolved in 1990.
Internacional de Toronto is an association football club from Canada, established in 2014. Their home stadium is Lamport Stadium. They are a sports team that plays Association football.
The Hellenic Philotelic Society, an organization based in Athens, Greece, was established in 1925 and is focused on the field of philately.
Hydrogen Jukebox is an English language opera with music by Philip Glass. Allen Ginsberg is the author of the libretto and the lyrics are written by Allen Ginsberg.
Borah High School is located in Idaho, United States. It was founded on January 1, 1958 and is part of the Boise School District.
Mephiskapheles is a ska band from New York City, United States, formed on January 1, 1990.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1847 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 12 December 2008. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1846 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1848.
Schneider National is a business in the logistics industry. It was founded in 1935 and is located in the United States, with its headquarters in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Penncrest High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a high school that was established in 1955 and is part of the Rose Tree Media School District.
Nexteer Automotive is a business (founded in 2009) located in Saginaw, Michigan. They are in the automotive industry and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Cambridge Public Library is located in Massachusetts, United States. The architect was Henry Van Brunt and the building is a library and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Mohali International Hockey Stadium is a stadium in Mohali, India. It is used for field hockey and is the home ground of the Punjab Warriors.
The Casino Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium located in Bregenz, Austria. It is the home of SC Bregenz and is used for association football.
The Datsun Type 17 is a car model manufactured by Datsun and is the successor to the Datsun Type 16. It was followed by the Datsun DA.
The Turkish Historical Society in Turkey is a government agency that was founded in 1931. The Turkish Historical Society's field of work is the History of Turkey.
KJKS, a radio station in Kahului, Hawaii, in the United States, was founded in 1984.
Emtel is a business based in Mauritius. It was founded in 1989 and is located in Ebene CyberCity. Emtel operates in the mobile phone industry.
The building 129 West Trade, designed by Harrison & Abramovitz, is located in North Carolina, United States. It was opened in 1958.
The MV Aureol is an ocean liner with a home port of Liverpool. It is manufactured by Alexander Stephen and Sons, is from the United Kingdom and was built in Govan.
Charles Winsor, whose real name is Charles, is the editor-in-chief of the Iowa State University. His doctoral advisor was William John Crozier and he is an expert on the human body.
Helena Sandsmark is a fictional human, created by John Byrne (comics). Her given name is Helena and her family name is Sandsmark. She is the mother of Wonder Girl, also known as Cassie Sandsmark.
Shigatse is a prefecture-level city in China, located in the Tibet Autonomous Region. It is the capital of Rinpungpa and contains Tingri County.
Angel tube station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station and is connected to it. The two stations are connected towards each other.
The Geffen Award, founded in 1999, is a literary award in Israel. It is named after Amos Geffen and is given by the Icon Festival.
Ghulam Ali Khan, a male, was born in Delhi. He is a human being. He is a painter who specializes in the Portrait genre.
The book Men of Mathematics by Eric Temple Bell is about the history of Mathematics. It was published in 1937 by Simon & Schuster.
Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish in the Braintree District, United Kingdom.
Frankford Stadium was a baseball ground in Pennsylvania, United States. Frankford Yellow Jackets are the occupants of the Frankford Stadium. The stadium was destroyed on 27 July 1931.
The Soyuz TM-25 was launched on 10 February 1997 from the Soyuz-U. The spacecraft landed on 14 August 1997 in Kazakhstan, marking a significant event.
The Sound of Music (film) was nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing. The award is the subject of a statement.
Penrith Nepean United Football Club is an association football club in Australia. The club was founded in 1957. Its head coach is Ante Juric.
The Garden Key Lighthouse is located in the Monroe County, Florida, United States. It was in service from 1826 to 1924.
Kings County Distillery, a business located in New York City, United States, was founded in 2009 and is based in New York City.
Founded by George H. Richmond in 1991, MicroSociety is a United States based business with its headquarters located in Philadelphia.
Anatolia College, an educational institution in Thessaloniki, Greece, was founded by Charles H. Tracy on January 1, 1886.
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968, edited by Terry Carr, was published by Ace Books. It is part of the World's Best Science Fiction series and follows World's Best Science Fiction: 1967. It was followed by World's Best Science Fiction: 1969.
Annie Hall won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Diane Keaton was the winner of the award. She was nominated for the award.
Mitchell County High School is a high school located in Georgia, United States. It was founded in 1980 and is part of the Mitchell County School District.
WSSV, a radio station in Mechanicville, New York, in the United States, was founded in 1973.
The Quarters is a rock band from Melbourne, Australia, formed on 12 November 2005.
Pointer Telocation is a business located in Rosh HaAyin, Israel. The company was founded in 1991 and is traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Ananda College is a school located in Colombo, Sri Lanka. It was founded by Henry Steel Olcott on 01 January 1886 and is an instance of a school.
Garinger High School is a high school in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. It was founded in 1909 and is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools.
The Chevrolet Prisma is a car model manufactured by General Motors do Brasil and is a 2006 model. It is a follow up to the Chevrolet Corsa and is a Chevrolet brand car.
Sons of Elvis is a rock and pop band from New York City, United States. Their musical genre is Alternative rock and they are signed to Priority Records.
The Krank Manufacturing Company building in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States was designed by the architects Toltz, King & Day and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Eric Newman is the producer of The Man with the Iron Fists which originates from the United States. The Man with the Iron Fists was filmed in Shanghai and the original language of the film is English. The Man with the Iron Fists is distributed by Universal Pictures.
CHSM, a radio station in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada, was founded on January 1, 1964.
The National Theatre of Greece, located in Athens, Greece, was designed by Ernst Ziller and was established in 1880. It is a theater structure.
Nabeshima Station is adjacent to Saga Station. Nabeshima Station and Saga Station are connected by a line. Nabeshima Station is in the direction of Saga Station. Nabeshima Station is in the direction of Saga Station.
The University of Pittsburgh, a private university, is a public-private partnership founded by Hugh Henry Brackenridge in 1787. It is an instance of a private university and has had a significant event of mixed-sex education.
Gluecifer is a punk rock band from Oslo, Norway, formed in 2005.
The Cheylesmore Memorial is a public art work of Portland stone, designed by Edwin Lutyens and a Grade II listed building.
The Brown County Airport, which is located in Ohio, United States, is an airport established on 4 January 1971, serving Georgetown, Ohio.
The Palacio de Deportes de Santander is located in Santander, Spain. It is an arena and was opened in 2003. The occupant of the arena is CD Estela.
The AAC Angel is a transport airplane with 2 engines from the United States. It was first flown on 13 January 1984.
The Century Magazine, a magazine from the United States, was first published on January 1, 1881 and ceased publication in 1930. It was published in New York City.
The DHB-Pokal is a sports festival in Germany. It was established in 1974. The competition is related to handball and takes place in August.
Raymond, Mississippi is a city in the United States. It was founded in 1829 and is the capital of Hinds County, Mississippi.
The Phenomenauts is a psychobilly band from Oakland, California, United States. They were formed in 2000.
New World China Land is a public limited company founded by New World Development. It is a subsidiary of New World Development and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Shadrinsk Telephone Plant is an enterprise and a business located in Shadrinsk, established in 1941. It is an open joint-stock company.
Moses was born in 1819. He was a male horse. His father was Seymour and his mother was Gohanna mare. Moses had a child named Jewess.
The 2017 Laurence Olivier Awards, an award ceremony, were presented by Jason Manford on April 9, 2017, at the Royal Albert Hall. It is part of the Laurence Olivier Award series.
Central Bucks High School East is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a high school that was established in 1969 and is part of the Central Bucks School District.
Soo Catwoman is a female human being from the United Kingdom, born in the United Kingdom. Her surname is Lucas.
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a video game. It was released on March 4th, 2016. It is available on Linux. It was developed by Clever Endeavour Games. It can be found in the Humble Store.
The Jan Van Eyck Academie is an art school in Maastricht, Netherlands. It was created in 1948 and is dedicated to performing arts.
The Struggle (1977 film) is a Category II film from Hungary, directed by Marcell Jankovics and released in 1977. It is an animated film.
The Thin Red Line (1998) is a film set in the Guadalcanal campaign. The film features Will Wallace, Elias Koteas, and John Cusack in the cast. The soundtrack for The Thin Red Line was released.
Edmonton Journal is a daily newspaper in Edmonton, which was founded in 1903. The newspaper is published in a broadsheet format.
The Adivasi Lok Kala Academy, a cultural institution, was established in 1980 by the Government of Madhya Pradesh in Madhya Pradesh, India.
ILWIS is an application software written in C++ for Microsoft Windows and released under the GNU General Public License.
SBI Group's subsidiaries include SBI Investment, SBI Card, and SBI Sumishin Net Bank. The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and is led by chief executive officer Yoshitaka Kitao.
Steve Tesich was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work.
Cheapair, a company in the software industry, was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Calabasas, California.
Piedmont Institution is a school located in Rockmart, Georgia, United States. It was founded by Methodism in 1889.
WSKP is a radio station in Hope Valley, Rhode Island, United States, which was established in 1985.
Southend United FC's head coach is Phil Brown (footballer, born 1959). The club plays at Roots Hall, which they also own, and their official color is blue. Additionally, they own Fossetts Farm Stadium.
The Wonder Kid was produced by London Films and distributed by British Lion Films. It stars Bobby Henrey, was edited by Reginald Beck and was directed by Günther Anders.
HMS K1 is a British K-class submarine which was built in Portsmouth in the United Kingdom by the Royal Navy.
Namco Museum Vol. 1 is a video game video game compilation that was released in 1995 for the PlayStation console. It is part of the Namco Museum series.
Sawyer Island is part of the Pitt Islands in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica. The Island is located in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Drchrono is a privately held company, founded in 2009, that is headquartered in Mountain View, California. It is a business and an enterprise.
Rosa 'Nevada' is a 1927 rose cultivar from Spain, created by Pedro Dot.
The Hiroden Streetcar Route 9, operated by Hiroshima Electric Railway, is a tram line in Japan. The line's terminus is Hakushima Station.
Earl J. Lennard High School is located in Florida, United States. It was established in 2006 and is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools.
The Psychoactive Substances Act 2013 applies to New Zealand, is a New Zealand statute, was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament, and is related to the year 2013.
Barkha Sharma was born in Mumbai. She is a female fashion designer and human being who graduated from Purdue University.
Mankivka is a settlement in Ukraine. It was founded in 1965 and is the capital of Mankivka Raion.
The Rydell National Wildlife Refuge in Polk County, Minnesota, United States was established in 1992. It is a National Wildlife Refuge and an IUCN Category IV habitat/species management area.
A Handful of Fog is a novel written by Sami Michael, published on January 1, 1979. The novel is set in Iraq.
Doncho Donchev was born in Gabrovo on 22 August 1974. He is a male painter and a human being.
The Orange Walk People's Stadium is a stadium in Orange Walk District, Belize. It is used for association football and is occupied by Juventus FC (Belize).
The architect of the Villa Palagonia is Tommaso Napoli, it is located in Bagheria, Italy. The villa has a Baroque style of architecture.
The Conestoga River is a river located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a river and flows into the Susquehanna River. The Cocalico Creek is a tributary of the Conestoga River.
Lone Star Airlines, an airline from the United States, was founded in 1984. It was an airline and had its hub at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. The airline ceased operations in 1998.
The Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, which is a hotel, is located in Nevada, United States and serves as a casino.
The Sittaung River is found in the Bago region of Myanmar in Asia. It flows into the Andaman Sea.
News Outdoor Group is a privately held company founded in 1995. It is an enterprise and a business, and is headquartered in Moscow.
Manjul Bhargava is a member of the American Mathematical Society. He is a Hindu and was a student of Andrew Wiles. He was awarded the Fields Medal.
The Presque Isle River is a river located in Michigan, United States. It flows into Lake Superior, which is the Presque Isle River's drainage basin.
4AD is a United Kingdom based record label founded by Ivo Watts-Russell in 1980, with its headquarters located in London.
WANB is a radio station in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, United States. The station was founded in 1956.
Stoke City FC is managed by two head coaches, Nathan Jones (Welsh footballer) and Gary Rowett. The club plays at the Bet365 Stadium, which is also owned by Stoke City FC. The team competes in the Premier League.
Lee Mendelson Films, an animation studio founded by Lee Mendelson in 1989, is based in the United States with headquarters in Burlingame, California.
The Flood (1994 film) is a film from France. The narrative location is Saint Petersburg. The producer is Daniel Toscan du Plantier. The original language of the film is French language. The director of photography is Vladimir Pankov.
The Canyons is a film from the United States. The narrative location of the film is Los Angeles, and it was also filmed in Los Angeles. The director of photography is John DeFazio, and the original language of the film is English.
Lake Sylva is a reservoir in New Jersey, United States. The Shabakunk Creek flows into the lake. The Sylva Lake Dam is the dam at Lake Sylva.
The Big Ten Conference is a college athletic conference that was founded in 1896. It is located in Rosemont, Illinois. The conference is involved in American football and includes the University of Illinois at Urbana -- Champaign as a member.
Tolyatti is located in the Moscow Time zone. It starts at Moscow Time and ends at Moscow Time.
Laff En Roll is a Philippine TV series from the Philippines. It was originally broadcast on GMA Network and is in the Filipino language. It was also created by GMA Network.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2066 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on September 17, 2012. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2065 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 2067.
Changwon NC Park is a sports venue and stadium in South Korea, specifically a baseball stadium. It is the home of the NC Dinos.
Minot High School is located in North Dakota, United States. The school was founded in 1887 and is part of the Minot Public Schools.
The Legend of Bruce Lee, created by Shannon Lee, was broadcast on China Central Television. It premiered on October 12, 2008 and ended on December 31, 2008, originating from China.
Governador Valadares Airport, located in Minas Gerais, is in Brazil. It serves the transport hub of Governador Valadares, Minas Gerais and is named after Governador Valadares, Minas Gerais.
Muhammad Alhamid graduated from Hasanuddin University, completing his academic degree.
Vizrt is a business located in Bergen, Norway. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in Norway. The company is traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The Electoral Act 1993 is a New Zealand statute legislated by the New Zealand Parliament, applying to New Zealand, enacted in 1993.
The Anarchist Manifesto was written in French by Anselme Bellegarrigue. It was published in April 1850. The main topic of the Manifesto is Anarchism.
WKFL, a radio station in Bushnell, Florida, in the United States, was founded in 1986.
Spitting Off Tall Buildings is a punk rock band from Germany, signed to Sanctuary Records. The band is a rock and pop band and includes Jana Pallaske as a member.
NZXT, a business founded in 2004, is a company in the electronics industry located in Los Angeles, producing peripherals.
Masterseek is a business founded in 1999 in Denmark by Rasmus Refer. It is located in New York City.
Jeremy Renner received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor for his work at some point in time.
London Trams is a transportation authority in the United Kingdom, owned by Transport for London, which was established in 1999. Tramlink operates the London Trams service.
China National Machinery Industry Corporation, founded in 1997 and located in Beijing, China, is a company that does business in China. China National Machinery Industry Corporation's subsidiary is China Machinery Engineering Corporation.
Vengeful Beauty originates from Hong Kong. The cast includes Wang Lung-wei. The producer is Run Run Shaw and the film was produced by Shaw Brothers Studio. The original language of the film is Mandarin Chinese.
Ostia is a film set in Rome, Italy, originally in the Italian language. The film's director of photography is Mario Mancini and the editor is Nino Baragli.
Mikhail Burla, known as Mikhail, graduated from Shevchenko Transnistria State University, with a Candidate of Economic Sciences degree. He is a member of the Renewal party in Transnistria and he is an example of human beings.
Jack Lemmon won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Save the Tiger.
Borneo Orangutan Survival, a non-governmental organization, was founded by Willie Smits in Bogor, Indonesia in 1991.
The Hansen Bridge is located in the United States in the state of Idaho. It is a bridge that crosses the Snake River and carries Idaho State Highway 50.
Lacey-Keosauqua State Park is an Iowa state park located in Van Buren County, Iowa, United States. It was established on January 1, 1921, and was designed by the Central Design Office in Ames.
The Power of the Past is an Italian language film from Italy. The film's costume designer is Francesca Livia Sartori and its cast includes Sandra Ceccarelli. The director of photography is Luca Bigazzi.
Hunan Valin Steel, a business, is a ferrous metallurgy company based in Changsha, China and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Jeevan Mrityu is a Hindi film from India. It was produced by Tarachand Barjatya and distributed by Rajshri Productions. The cast includes Ajit. The original language of the film is Hindi.
The Pilica is a river in Poland, its basin is in Poland. Its mouth is the Vistula and it is a river that flows into the Vistula. It also has a tributary called Zwlecza.
Hallandale High School is located in Florida, United States. It was established in 1973 and is part of the Broward County Public Schools.
Pembroke, Georgia is a city in the United States. It was founded in 1892 and is the capital of Bryan County, Georgia.
Sergey Ling was the Prime Minister of Belarus, he started his term, ended his term and was replaced by someone else, also he replaced someone else.
Colours of Wind, a Japanese language film, was produced in Japan and South Korea. The film features Yoshihiko Hakamada and Yoshiko Nakada.
The Lyon Street Bridge, located in Oregon, United States, is a road bridge that carries Lyon Street across the Willamette River. The bridge is maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
The National Parks Act 1980 (New Zealand) is a New Zealand statute legislated by the New Zealand Parliament.
ROSEN Group is a German business that was founded in 1981. The company is headquartered in Stans and is organized as an Aktiengesellschaft.
James Earl Rudder High School is located in Texas, United States. It is a high school and was established in 2008. It is part of the Bryan Independent School District.
Founded in Athens in 2005, Hellenic Seaways is owned by the Attica Group. The headquarters are located in Kallithea and the company is in the business of shipping.
Qatalyst Partners is a United States based business founded by Frank Quattrone in 2008. Their headquarters are located in San Francisco.
The Shangganling District is located in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China. It is named for the Battle of Triangle Hill and it contains the Weiguo Forest Farm.
The Transept Trail is located in Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona, United States. The Transept Trail offers a view of the Grand Canyon.
Di Tsayt is a Yiddish language newspaper from New York City, United States, published in New York City, and originated in the United States.
Miss World Chile 2013 was the beauty pageant edition held in Chile in 2013, and it was part of the Miss World Chile series, originating from Chile.
Worthing Rugby Football Club, a rugby union team from the United Kingdom, was founded in 1920. The club competes in rugby union.
Catfield is a village and civil parish located in North Norfolk, United Kingdom.
Cedar High School is located in Utah, United States. It was founded on January 1, 1940 and is part of the Iron County School District.
The Eshima Ohashi Bridge is located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan. It is a bridge. It was opened on 16 October 2004 and it crosses the Nakaumi.
The 1899 Chicago mayoral election was held on 4 April 1899 in Chicago, United States. The election was contested by the Mayor of Chicago.
The Unity Party in Hungary was founded on 17 November 2009. The party is a Political party in Hungary and is based in Budapest. The party's ideology is Third Way.
The Tahquamenon River is located in Michigan, United States. The Tahquamenon River is a river that flows into Lake Superior, which is part of the Lake Superior basin.
Kalyazin is the capital of Kalyazinsky District. Kalyazin was the capital of Kalyazinsky District from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was the capital of Kalyazinsky District from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Shapingba District, established on August 1, 1939, is a district in China, specifically located in Chongqing. It is an instance of a District ( China ).
The Barrandov Bridge was designed by Karel Filsak and it was inaugurated on 20 September 1983. The bridge, named after Barrandov, crosses the Vltava and carries the Prague City Ring Road.
Founded by Wendell Brown, EVoice, a United States company providing services in the economics industry, is in the business of providing e-commerce services.
The Skelton Dam is located on the Saco River in York County, Maine, United States.
Cowichan Lake, located in British Columbia, Canada, is a lake with an outflow called the Cowichan River.
The Bloodsugars are an indie rock band from New York City, United States. They are signed to the record label Engine Room Recordings.
The Saigon Central Post Office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, was designed by Gustave Eiffel and was completed in 1891. It is a post office.
The Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, discovered on 12 March 1968, is located in Alaska, United States. The operating company for the field is BP.
Spastic Ink is a progressive metal band from the United States. The band was founded in 1993 and includes Ron Jarzombek.
Augustus Pugin was a human being who wrote in the English language, a language he spoke. His notable work is the Palace of Westminster. This work was described by the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885-1900.
The 1959 Malayan general election was an Election held in Malaysia. The election was held in 1959 and resulted in Tunku Abdul Rahman becoming the successful candidate for the office of Prime Minister of Malaysia.
The Philippine TV series, IBC News Tonight, is from the Philippines. The series was created by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation and the Filipino language is spoken.
Dubno Castle, a castle, is located in Rivne Oblast and Dubno, Ukraine. It was founded by Konstanty Ostrogski.
The University of Windsor Stadium is a stadium in Ontario, Canada. The University of Windsor owns the University of Windsor Stadium, which is home to the Windsor Lancers.
The Mistletoe Inn is a romantic comedy television film from Canada, published in 2017 and distributed by the Hallmark Channel.
Tim Harrington is a member of the rock band Tall Heights which was formed in Boston, United States in 2009.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1088 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 12 December 1996. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1087 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1089.
Spoon is a Philippine television show created by Net 25 and starring Janice de Belen.
Super Sentai is a Japanese language television series created by TV Asahi, which started on April 5, 1975, and is originally in Japanese language.
The Maine Department of Transportation is based in Augusta, Maine in the United States. It was created in 1913 and is the department of transportation for Maine.
Louis Gossett Jr. received the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Motion Picture for his work, at some point in time.
The Popular Socialist Union in Chile was founded on October 12, 1967. The party's ideology is Socialism. The headquarters of the Popular Socialist Union (Chile) is in Santiago.
Sinochem is located in Beijing and was founded in 1950. They are in the petroleum industry and their main business is producing and selling of fuel. Sinofert is a subsidiary of Sinochem.
The Battle of Vaikal, fought on April 1, 1465, was part of the Ottoman wars in Europe. It took place in Ohrid.
The book Clockwork Princess, written in English, is a sequel to Clockwork Prince. It was written in London and originates from the United States. The book's cover art is by Cliff Nielsen.
The Rainmaker ( 1956 film ) is set in Kansas. The film's director of photography is Charles Lang and the production designer is Hal Pereira. The film was edited by Warren Low and the costume designer is Edith Head.
The Profile in Courage Award was created in 1989 and named after John F. Kennedy. It is awarded by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation and comes from the United States.
The TV series I'm with Stupid was created by Peter Keeley and originally aired on BBC Three from 10 September 2006 to 15 October 2006 in the English language.
The Churchill Mountains are a mountain range located in the Queen Alexandra Mountains, Antarctica, and their highest point is Mount Albert Markham. The range is in the Antarctic Treaty area.
William Rehnquist was the Chief Justice of the United States, appointed by Richard Nixon, from September 26, 1986, until his death on September 3, 2005, succeeding Warren E. Burger.
Keeping the Promise is from the United States and is set in Maine. The English language film stars Gordon Tootoosis and Allegra Denton.
The 1936 Tour de France started and ended in Paris. It concluded on 2 August 1936. The 1936 Tour de France was preceded by the 1935 Tour de France and was followed by the 1937 Tour de France.
The Johnny Society is an alternative rock band from the United States. The band is signed to the Messenger Records label and includes Kenny Siegal as a member.
The Comal River is located in Texas, United States. The Comal River is a river. It flows into the Guadalupe River in Texas. The Guadalupe River basin is the drainage basin of the Comal River.
The film Junga was distributed by Arun Pandian, produced by Vijay Sethupathi Productions and is from India. The original language of the film is Tamil and it was edited by V.J. Sabu Joseph.
WMCM, a radio station in Rockland, Maine, in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1968.
Radio Werewolf is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in Los Angeles and have Nikolas Schreck as a member. Their music genre is gothic rock.
2014 Brasil Tennis Cup is part of the 2014 WTA Tour. It is organized by the Women's Tennis Association and is a women's tennis competition. It was preceded by the 2013 Brasil Tennis Cup. 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup -- Doubles is a part of the 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup.
The Saab 92 is a car model manufactured by Saab Automobile and is the successor to the Saab Ursaab. It was followed by the Saab 93.
The Fox Broadcasting Company is the original network for the TV series Mr. President. The series was created by Johnny Carson, the main topic of the series is politics. The series is in English and is distributed by NBCUniversal Television Distribution.
Deal Island (Tasmania) is located in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia. It is part of the Kent Group and is an island.
The ballet La Sylphide, with choreography by Filippo Taglioni, was first performed on 12 March 1832. Its music was composed by Jean Schneitzhoeffer and its libretto was written by Adolphe Nourrit.
Shirokanedai Station is adjacent to Shirokane-takanawa Station, which is connected to Shirokanedai Station, and is connected to Shirokanedai Station, and is towards Shirokanedai Station, and is towards Shirokanedai Station.
Clements High School is located in Texas, United States. It is a high school and was established in 1983. It is part of the Fort Bend Independent School District.
The 2012-13 season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga was the season of association football in Austria. The Austrian Football Bundesliga is a league in Austria, organized by the Austrian Football Association.
Minor International is a retail company founded by William Heinecke in 1978, headquartered in Phra Khanong District.
The FIBA Americas Under 20 Championship for Women, a women's basketball championship, was created in 2002 and started in the summer.
Tillamook High School is a high school located in Oregon, United States. It was founded in 1951 and is part of the Tillamook School District.
Seini (capital Seini) is a town in Maramureş County, Romania.
Hancock High School in Chicago, Illinois, United States was established in 1999. It is a high school and is part of the Chicago Public Schools.
WCZQ, a radio station in Monticello, Illinois, in the United States, was founded in 1991.
The Richard Lloyd Jones Jr. Airport, located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States, is an airport that was established on January 7, 1958.
Stephen Sondheim is the composer and the lyrics are by Stephen Sondheim. The musical Road Show is a musical theatre work with a book by John Weidman. Road Show (musical) is a different work from Road Show.
Kufrsoum SC is an association football club from Jordan. They play in the Jordanian Pro League and their home ground is the Prince Hashim Stadium.
Dmosin is a village in Poland. It is located in Gmina Dmosin, which it is also the capital of. However, Dmosin is different from Gmina Dmosin.
Sweet Inn is a private limited company founded in 2014, located in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Animusic, a business, was founded by Wayne Lytle in 1995 and is owned by Wayne Lytle. It is located in Ithaca, New York.
The Snake River Plain is a plain and a valley located in Idaho, United States. It is part of the Snake River basin.
Kreisleriana is a musical composition by Robert Schumann, published in 1838. It is from Germany and is in the public domain.
KHEX is a radio station in Concow, California, United States. The station was established in 1998.
Massimo Pallottino (born Massimo) is a human being who speaks Italian. He was awarded the Erasmus Prize. Francesca Ridgway was a student of Massimo Pallottino.
Amarume Station is adjacent to Kita-Amarume Station. Kita-Amarume Station is connected to Amarume Station by a line, which goes towards Kita-Amarume Station.
66th Street station (IRT Ninth Avenue Line) is a station on the IRT Ninth Avenue Line of the New York City Metro. The station was closed on 11 June 1940 in Manhattan, United States.
The Botan River is located in Turkey in the Siirt Province. The river flows into the Tigris.
Cannes Man was filmed in Cannes. It is from the United States. The cast includes Jon Cryer and Dennis Hopper. The film is in Norwegian.
Love Games is a Hindi movie from India. It was produced by Vishesh Films and distributed by T-Series. Mukesh Bhatt was the producer.
The business Mang Inasal was founded in Iloilo City, Pasay in 2003. It was founded by Edgar Sia.
The Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge in Maine, United States was established in 1998. It is a National Wildlife Refuge and a IUCN Category IV habitat/species management area.
Stephan Dupuis was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling for his work.
The Merchants Bridge is in the United States and is located in Illinois. The bridge carries the Mississippi River and was opened in 1889.
Eversholt is a village in Central Bedfordshire, a civil parish in the United Kingdom.
Flaunden is a village located in Dacorum, United Kingdom, and is a civil parish.
Americana Group is a public company that was founded in 1964. It is a business enterprise with its headquarters located in Kuwait City.
Dolna Bela Crkva is a village located in Resen Municipality, North Macedonia. It is a human settlement.
Spongehead is a noise rock band from New York City, United States, formed in 1985.
Michiko Kuwano is a female human being from Japan, of the Japanese people.
The Bouncer is an action film. It originated in France and Belgium. The film is set in Belgium. The original language of the film is French.
KHGG is a radio station in Van Buren, Arkansas, United States, established in 1982.
The Bosque River is located in Texas, United States. The Bosque River is a river. The Bosque River flows into the Brazos River, which is the drainage basin of the Bosque River.
The Phoenix Tower in Houston, Texas, United States, is a skyscraper designed by HKS, Inc. It was completed in 1984.
Anna Margareta von Haugwitz is a female human being, whose given name is Anna. She is a member of the Wrangel family and was married to Carl Gustaf Wrangel.
The Gold Creek Dam, which created the Gold Creek Reservoir, is located on the Gold Creek in Queensland, Australia.
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience is a scientific journal published by MIT Press. It was established in 1989 and is written in the English language. The main subject of the journal is cognitive neuroscience.
Dufayel Island, an Island, is part of the South Shetland Islands, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in or next to Ezcurra Inlet, in Antarctica.
New Kingston is a reggae band from New York City, United States, formed in 2006.
Ultraman Tiga : The Final Odyssey is a Japanese language film from Japan. The movie stars Mio Takaki and Hiroshi Nagano. It was distributed by Sony Pictures.
Iripajuk Island is located in Chesterfield Inlet, Nunavut, Canada. It is part of the Arctic Archipelago, an island.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 908 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 31 March 1994. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 907 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 909.
Moorsele Airfield, located in Wevelgem, Belgium, is named after Moorsele. The airport serves the transport hub of Moorsele.
The Evans Scholars Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded by Chick Evans and located in Golf, Illinois, in the United States. The foundation is dedicated to the advancement of the sport of golf.
The Peugeot Type 56 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot and is the successor to the Peugeot Type 25. It was followed by the Peugeot Type 58.
Carla J. Shatz received the Kavli Prize and the Weizmann Women & Science Award and the Champalimaud Vision Award. She holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree and was advised by David H. Hubel.
The JFK Stadium in Springfield, Missouri, United States is a stadium. It is located in Springfield, Missouri and was opened in 1957. The stadium is occupied by Evangel University.
Kangra Airport is in Himachal Pradesh, India. It is operated by the Airports Authority of India and serves the transport hub of Kangra.
Stadionul Aurul is located in Brad, Hunedoara, Romania. It is a stadium and was opened in 1930. The stadium is occupied by CSA Aurul Brad.
Distributel, a privately held company, is in the telecommunications industry. Its headquarters are located in Ottawa and was founded on January 1, 1988.
Techmarscincus is a taxon that is a species, endemic to Queensland. It is a Vulnerable species and its parent taxon is Techmarscincus.
Radzyner Law School in Herzliya, Israel was founded by Uriel Reichman in 1994. It is a law school.
The Topdivisie is a futsal competition in the Netherlands that was established in 1968. It is a sports festival and its season starts in autumn.
WGMP is a radio station in Montgomery, Alabama, United States. The station was founded on January 1, 1949.
Charles Brenton Huggins was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a specific point in time, at another specific point in time, and at yet another specific point in time, along with someone else.
Ruggles Island is located in the Falkland Sound, Falkland Islands, United Kingdom. It is an island part of the Falkland Islands.
Global Bioenergies is a French business based in Évry, Essonne, established in 2008. The company produces isobutylene.
The Late Edition, a British television series, starred Marcus Brigstocke. It was first broadcast on BBC Four on 3 March 2005.
The British Basketball League, which was established in 1987, is a sports league in the United Kingdom that focuses on basketball. The league's season begins in October.
Dinabandhu Institution, located in Shibpur, India, is a college affiliated with the University of Calcutta and was established in 1948.
WBHY is a radio station in Mobile, Alabama, United States, established in 1984.
Spectra is a series of light art installations created by Ryoji Ikeda in 2008. The project is located in Australia.
LearnVest is a software company founded by Alexa von Tobel in 2009, headquartered in New York City.
The 9th Filmfare Awards, India's biggest film awards ceremony, were held in Mumbai on 20 May 1962.
WJDY is a radio station in Salisbury, Maryland, United States, owned by iHeartMedia and located in Maryland.
Margaret Mee attended Camberwell College of Arts, studying there until she finished her studies. She majored in a specific subject and graduated with an academic degree from Camberwell College of Arts.
Medr Babur is an association football club from Ethiopia. Their home ground is the Dire Dawa Stadium and they compete in the Ethiopian Premier League.
Boardman Creek is a river located in Idaho, United States. It flows into the Boise River, which is part of the Boise River basin.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1648 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 21 December 2005. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1647 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1649.
The band Six Hits and a Miss, which was formed in 1937 in Los Angeles, United States, is a rock and pop band signed to Decca Records.
The William Watts Sherman House, a single-family detached home, is located in Newport, Rhode Island, United States. It was designed by the architect Henry Hobson Richardson and is a National Historic Landmark.
The band Beat Crusaders is a rock and pop band from Tokyo, Japan. Their genre is pop punk and they are signed to Defstar Records.
WRTB is a radio station in Winnebago, Illinois, United States, owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting.
You're in Love, Charlie Brown, a television special from CBS, is from the United States. Bill Melendez directed the special which was created by Charles M. Schulz.
Ars Americana Ars Politica is a written work about American literature. It was published in 2010. The author is Peter Swirski and it was published by McGill -- Queen's University Press.
Vilhelm Buhl was the head of government of Denmark from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Patanjali Ayurved, founded by Ramdev in 2006, is a business based in India with its headquarters in Haridwar.
Mount Coolum National Park, a national park of Australia, is located in Queensland, Australia. It was established in 1990 and is classified as an IUCN Category II National Park.
Central High School of Clay County is a high school located in Lineville, Alabama, United States. It was established in 2012 and is part of the Clay County School District (Alabama).
The London Mills Bridge is a bridge in Illinois, United States. It crosses the Spoon River and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Apaporis River is a river in Colombia, and it is also a watercourse. The Apaporis River flows into the Japurá River, which is part of the Amazon basin.
The J.A. Wood House is a single-family detached home located in Massachusetts, United States. It was designed by the architects Hartwell and Richardson and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The South River is a river in Virginia, United States. It is a tributary of the Shenandoah River, which is located in the Shenandoah River basin.
Kipahigan Lake is located in both Saskatchewan and Manitoba, Canada. It is a lake in Canada.
The 4 World Trade Center is located on Greenwich Street and is the occupant of the New York Board of Trade. The architect was Fumihiko Maki and the structural engineer was Leslie E. Robertson. It has modern architecture style.
Jan Hejda, a human, played in the National Hockey League for the Colorado Avalanche. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres and later played for the Edmonton Oilers.
Joseph Fahys & Co. is a company founded in 1857 in New York City by Joseph Fahys.
Wet Beaver Wilderness is different from Beaver Creek Biosphere Reserve. It is a wilderness area located in Arizona, United States and is categorized as IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
The Suburban Station, which was opened on 28 September 1930, is located on the SEPTA Main Line. It was designed by the architects Graham, Anderson, Probst & White in the architectural style of Art Deco architecture. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Kali Troy is a female African American who was educated at Clark Atlanta University and is a human being. Her given name is Kali.
Gemdale Gangxia Tower 1 is a skyscraper in Shenzhen, China, designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox and completed in 2018.
The Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University in Hyderabad. It is an engineering school located in Asia and was established in 2007.
The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey is a time travel novel that was filmed in New Zealand in the 1980s. The novel is set in Cumbria.
The headquarters of Panda Energy International is located in Dallas, United States. The company was founded in 1982 and is in the business of providing energy services. Impact Wrestling is a subsidiary of Panda Energy International.
The band The DC3 was formed in Melbourne in 2010 and their genre is alternative rock. Damian Cowell is a member of the band.
The Macedonian Second Football League is an association football league in North Macedonia. It was established in 1992 and its season starts in August.
Rabin Mukherjee College, a college in India, was established in 1964. It is affiliated with the University of Calcutta and is located in Kolkata district.
The International Exchange Bank was founded in Makati, Manila in 1995. The company was in the business of providing banking services. The bank was dissolved in 2007.
Damerham is a village and civil parish in the New Forest District, United Kingdom.
The Highland Railway Loch Class has a wheel arrangement of 4-4-0. It was designed by David Jones. The Highland Railway Loch Class is operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. The Highland Railway Loch Class was manufactured by both North British Locomotive Company and Dübs and Company.
Kamyabi, a film in Urdu, was written by Pervez Malik, produced by Malik and stars Nadeem Baig. It originates from Canada.
CB Granada is a basketball team from Spain, founded in 1994. Their home court is the Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada.
The MSC Seaview, a cruise ship operated by MSC Cruises, is made by Fincantieri in Valletta, Malta.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 214 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on September 27, 1965. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 213 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 215.
St. Andrew Bobola Parish, Dudley is a Parish located in Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester and was established in 1963.
The 1850 Chicago mayoral election was held in Chicago, United States. The election was held for the Mayor of Chicago.
The Belgrade Bus Station is located in Savski Venac, Belgrade, Serbia. The hub of Belgrade is the Belgrade Bus Station.
South Elmsall is a town and civil parish in the City of Wakefield, United Kingdom.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1215 was legislated by the United Nations Security Council and was published on 17 December 1998. It was preceded by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1214 and was followed by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1216.
Ebou Dibba wrote Alhaji, a novel published in 1992, which is a written work set in The Gambia.
Parameshwara College, Jaffna is a school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. It was founded in 1921 by Ponnambalam Ramanathan.
The Bourne film series includes The Bourne Legacy (film), Jason Bourne (film), and The Bourne Identity (2002 film), which are all based on the Bourne Trilogy. The series is named after Jason Bourne.
Iji is a video game that was released on September 1, 2008 for Microsoft Windows. It is a Metroidvania game that can be downloaded.
The Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics in Brno, Czech Republic was established in 2001. Its main subject is short films.
Eva Pawlik graduated from the University of Vienna, speaks German, was married to Rudi Seeliger, was in a business partnership with Rudi Seeliger, and competed in pair skating.
Pomonkey Creek is located in Maryland, United States. It is a tributary that flows into the Potomac River, which is part of the Potomac River basin.
The Product is an alternative rock band from the United States, specifically from Wales Township, Michigan. They were formed in 2009.
Lokichogio Airport is located in Lokichogio, Kenya. The airport is named after Lokichogio and is an instance of an Airport in Kenya.
The Hindi film Patthar Aur Payal was directed by Harmesh Malhotra and starred Ajit Khan and Hema Malini. The film originates from India.
Marc Norman was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work.
Olympic Gold Quest is a nonprofit organization based in Mumbai, India, founded by Geet Sethi in 2001.
UFC 7 was a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States on September 8, 1995. It was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport in Staunton, Virginia, United States was established on January 8, 1958.
Laura Airport is an airport in Queensland, Australia, operated by the Shire of Cook. It serves the transport hub of Laura, Queensland.
Futura International Airways was an airline based in Spain. The airline was founded in 1989, its hub is Palma de Mallorca Airport and it ceased operations on 7 September 2008.
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk is an ice hockey team from Russia. They were founded in 1968 and play their home games at the Neftekhimik Ice Palace.
Spring Creek Dam is an embankment dam in Shasta County, California, United States. The dam was completed in 1963 and is part of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest.
UFC 4 was a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held on December 16th, 1994 in the United States.
Balsham is a village in South Cambridgeshire, a civil parish in the United Kingdom.
The Stanly County Airport in Albemarle, North Carolina, United States was established on January 1, 1979.
Birsa Agricultural University in Jharkhand, India was established in 1984. It is a University affiliated to the University Grants Commission (India).
The National City Tower is a high-rise building located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States. It was designed by Harrison & Abramovitz and opened in 1972.
Presbyterian Healthcare Services is a United States based business that was founded in 1908 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The company has a subsidiary called the Presbyterian Hospital.
Mustjala is a village in Estonia, located in Saaremaa Parish. It is the capital of Mustjala Parish, which is also where it is located.
The Battle of Gomit was a battle that took place in 1445. It was a battle. The Adal Sultanate and Ethiopia were participants in the Battle of Gomit, which occurred in Ethiopia.
Agnes of God is a play in the English language written by John Pielmeier. It was first performed at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in 1979.
Highspeed Hayride is a country music band from Victoria, Texas, United States, formed in 2002.
APOEL FC participated in the 1934 -- 35 Cypriot First Division and played their home games.
Admiral Fallow is a rock and pop band from Glasgow.
Pullet Surprise is a traditional animation from the United States.
Htop is a system monitoring application for MacOS, and it starts when the MacOS begins.
The 1966 Australian Grand Prix had a fastest lap by Jackie Stewart and a pole position also held by Jackie Stewart.
Donald Hall, a United Kingdom allegiance member, had the given name Donald.
Donald Trump donated the Donald J. Trump State Park at some point.
Bidhya Devi Bhandari is the head of state of Nepal and her term started on 2015-10-29.
Henri Poupart-Lafarge graduated from École Polytechnique.
The MS National Geographic Explorer, which is home port is Nassau, Bahamas.
Jonathan Harker is the protagonist of the story.
Han van Meegeren forged the artwork 'Smiling Girl'.
Seattle Slew was the winner of the 1977 Preakness Stakes, ridden by a jockey.
Europa Island is claimed by France, but France's claim is disputed.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex wore the Wedding dress of Meghan Markle at a specific point in time.
The Wedding dress of Meghan Markle depicts Cornus canadensis, which symbolizes something.
Gare do Oriente is connected to the Linha do Norte and is a station on the Linha do Norte.
Paul Evdokimov was a citizen of France, born in France.
Thomas Wayne is a superhero and works as a superhero.
Venyovsky District is located in Moscow Oblast and has the main category of Venyovsky District.
Lucky Jack.tv is a television channel which launched in January 2010.
Pedro Lemebel was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
Alma Wilson graduated from Oklahoma City University in 1941.
Eurocorps is located in Spain, which is the country where it was established.
Li Po Chun United World College is located in Hong Kong, Hong Kong.
Peter M. Neumann received the Senior Whitehead Prize at some point in time.
Marius de Vries is a human and his given name is Marius.
Peter Quinn was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Iren Nigg was the winner of the European Union Prize for Literature at some point in time.
Levi Garcia is a member of AZ Alkmaar and joined the team at an unspecified time.
Ivan Pavlov was the winner of the Copley Medal at some point in time.
Peter Siebold received the Iven C. Kincheloe Award at some point in time.
PGA Championship Golf 2000 was developed by EA Salt Lake. It is a golf game.
Samantha Betts is a member of the South Australian Scorpions. The South Australian Scorpions' career of Samantha Betts began in an unknown time.
The Freel Farm Mound Site is located in Tennessee, United States.
Andrew Wawn has been awarded the Emeritus and is Emeritus of something.
Bango plc is a website that is based in the United Kingdom.
Clare Burrage was awarded the Institute of Physics James Clerk Maxwell Medal and Prize.
Slade Point (South Australia) is located in South Australia and is in Australia.
Blufin is a joint-stock company that was formed in Carpi, Emilia-Romagna.
Japan National Route 284 was started in 1970 and is maintained by Iwate Prefecture.
Gerson Goldhaber was awarded the Panofsky Prize at some point in time.
Petchey Academy was founded on September 1, 2006 and is sponsored by the Jack Petchey Foundation.
Tomie dePaola received the Children's Literature Legacy Award at some point in time.
Mastaba S3503 is a Mastaba from Egypt.
Ramscraig is located in the Highland council area of the United Kingdom.
Leroy Cronin received the Tilden Prize at some point in time.
20th Century Masters -- The Millennium Collection : The Best of Heavy D & The Boyz was published in the United States and is in English.
Mysuru Warriors play cricket in India.
The Motion Lounge is located in New York, United States.
Sergei Wojciechowski was awarded the Order of the Star of Romania at some point in time.
The Dictionary of National Biography, 1885-1900, describes Ann Catley as being a human being.
Cowtown Guitars is a business that was founded in 1990.
Walter Lewin is the author of Walter Lewin Lectures on Physics and was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship.
Elaine Ostrander is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, which she joined at an unknown time.
The novel The Winner, written in English, is published by Grand Central Publishing.
Avery Brooks played a role in the TV series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Anjan Bista is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Malcolm Blight was awarded the Magarey Medal at some point in time.
Olimpiada Neapolis FC is based in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia and was established in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia.
Crowe Hall is a house in the United Kingdom.
Patna ( Lok Sabha constituency ) is a Lok Sabha constituency in India.
Jorge Drexler won the Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year at some point in time.
Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station is a train station in India.
Tony Macaulay was the producer of "Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" which was followed by "It's Up to You Petula".
The Yamaha SR250 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company.
Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker was awarded the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art at some point in time.
Alcara li Fusi is located in the Metropolitan City of Messina and has a start time.
Cahaya LRT station is adjacent to Cempaka LRT station and is towards Cempaka LRT station.
Jung Jae-yong is a member of the sports team FC Anyang. Jung Jae-yong started playing for FC Anyang.
Tora, Egypt is a human settlement in Egypt.
Maryam Namazie was awarded the Secularist of the Year award at some point in time.
Cordillera de Rentema is a mountain range in Peru.
Kirk Franklin's Praise is a radio station owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Fatehpur (Kasur) is a human settlement in Pakistan.
Susan M. Dray was named an ACM Fellow at some point.
John Barrett (bishop) was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Arnór Ingvi Traustason is a member of the Iceland national football team, whose career with the team started in 2017.
The Marshalltown Formation is a geological formation in the United States.
Falkenberg railway is a railway line in Sweden.
W.S. Merwin won the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize.
Bruce Campbell provided the voice for Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters, in which he played a character.
Zollie Volchok was the NBA Executive of the Year at some point in time, for which he received the NBA Executive of the Year Award.
The Indus Age is a periodical literature that is from Australia.
The Ministry of Communications in Morocco is located in Rabat and is part of the List of Ministries of Communications.
Voitsberg is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in an unknown time.
Jean Alexandre was a member of the Haiti national football team, which started with him on the team.
Ashland Place Historic District (Phoenix, Arizona) is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in the United States.
The band Staxx of Joy is an instance of a rock and pop band from the United States.
Caroline Nichols Churchill was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame at some point in time.
Oued Oum el Hallalif is a watercourse in Tunisia.
Alan Gilbert (American academic) won the American Book Awards at some point in time.
Alan Taylor (director) won the Emmy Award at some point in time.
Keenan Wynn played a character in the film The Shaggy D.A.
Jesse L. Martin plays a character in the TV show Law & Order.
New Jersey Network is a government agency that was established in 1991.
The Kenai Peninsula Orchestra is an Orchestra from the United States.
The Champaign County Courthouse is a courthouse in the United States.
Giuseppe Candido served as Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Lauren Steadman, who was educated at Kelly College, is a Paratriathlon athlete.
Reiner Kunze was awarded the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group at some point in time.
Clint Hinchliffe is a member of the Perth Scorchers and his time with the team started.
Nichelle Nichols plays a character in the episode Spock's Brain.
Space Shower Music is a record label which was founded on 14 September 1999.
Alexandria City Hall is a Virginia Historic Landmark since its designation as such began.
Woody Herman has won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
CSCL Zeebrugge is a container ship from Hong Kong.
Chipo Mugeri, who is a human being, is a member of the Zimbabwe national cricket team.
The A3 highway (Sri Lanka) is a road in Sri Lanka.
Albian Ajeti is a member of the Switzerland national football team, whose career with the team began in 2019.
Scott Daruda was a member of the Australia A national rugby union team, whose matches started at an unspecified time.
Marilyn Ramenofsky participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Dean Barrow is the head of government of Belize and his term started in Belize.
The Blackwood distillery is located in Shetland and is a part of Shetland.
George Westinghouse received the IEEE Edison Medal at some point in time.
Hayley Atwell plays a character in the film Captain America: The First Avenger.
Sasson Somekh was awarded The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture at some point in time.
Adrienne Bailon stars in The Cheetah Girls: One World.
La Caroline (C.P.E. Bach) is a musical composition by Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach.
The International Virtual Aviation Organisation is an organization that was established on December 16th 1998.
X v United Kingdom is a legal case from the United Kingdom.
Andreas Mihaiu is a member of the football team FC Dinamo București. He started playing for FC Dinamo București.
Eitan Ginzburg was a member of the Israel Resilience Party, which was founded in 2019.
Chris Albright, who attended William Penn Charter School, represented the United States men's national soccer team.
Christopher Eccleston played a role in the film Thor: The Dark World.
Coalport East railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Daren Stone, who is a human, plays for the Calgary Stampeders.
Karnail Singh Stadium is a cricket field in India.
Alfred Harker was awarded the Wollaston Medal at some point in time.
Viktor Frayonov was a citizen of the Soviet Union.
The Foxe Basin includes Prince Charles Island, which is an island.
The Bob Paine Trophy is for ice hockey in the United States.
The winner of the 2018 Volta Limburg Classic was Marco Tizza, and the general classification of the race participants was Eddie Dunbar.
Harakpur is a human settlement in Nepal.
The Gideon Robert University was established in 2010 in Zambia.
Angelo Tsarouchas is a human and his given name is Angelo.
John Huston was the winner of the AFI Life Achievement Award at some point in time.
Clifton South tram stop is connected to the Nottingham Express Transit line and is located next to Summerwood Lane tram stop.
Japan National Route 283 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism and applies to a part of its jurisdiction.
San Gregorio da Sassola is located in the time zone UTC + 01 : 00.
Mark Versallion, whose given name is Mark, attended the Britannia Royal Naval College.
Nicole Arendt was the winner of the WTA Karen Krantzcke Sportsmanship Award.
Podvodnyye Islands are islands in Azerbaijan.
Burleigh Fields is a historic house in the United Kingdom.
The A93 road is located in Perth and Kinross.
Isobunnai Station is adjacent to Shibecha Station, and Shibecha Station is located towards Isobunnai Station.
Nobilis is a tabletop role-playing game published in 1999.
Samuel Finzi plays a role in the film Marie Curie: The Courage of Knowledge.
Ingrid Lorentzen received the Telenor Culture Award at some point in time.
Chryssa Kouveliotou graduated from the Technical University of Munich.
The home venue of Port Talbot Town F.C. is Victoria Road (Port Talbot) and the head coach is Scott Young (Welsh footballer).
Market Quarter, Belfast is located in Belfast, United Kingdom.
Dansili was the father of Giofra, who was born on 11 March 2008.
Demetris Christofias has nephrotic syndrome, specifically at a point in time.
Polar Studios is a recording studio in Sweden.
Tjong i baljan! is a radio program from Sweden.
The Morjärv railway station is connected to the Haparanda Line and is operated by Green Cargo.
Andrey Smolyakov plays a character in the film Viking.
Anya Shrubsole is a member of the Somerset Women cricket team. Her start time for the team is not specified.
The Hassan I Dam is an embankment dam in Morocco.
The Swan 66 is a boat from Argentina.
Los Angeles Alligator Farm is a farm in the United States.
Pieter Francis Peters was born in Nijmegen at a certain point in time.
The Dagenites, from the United States, perform garage rock music.
Markus Blutsch was a member of the Austria national under-21 football team and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Oneechan ga Kita is published in Manga Life. The book is written in Japanese.
Ebony is a rock and pop band from New Zealand.
Cisco Pike was distributed by Columbia Pictures and edited by Robert C. Jones.
Dekhmeh Rawansar is an archaeological site in Iran.
John K. Randle was the father of J.K. Randle, who graduated from CMS Grammar School in Lagos.
L.J. Collier was a member of the Seattle Seahawks at some point in time.
Irvin Soskoy is a member of the Persidafon Dafonsoro, which he joined at an unspecified start time.
Futong station is connected to Line 14 ( Beijing Subway ) and is adjacent to Wangjing station.
The capital of the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic is Ufa, which was established on 17 August 1922.
Grace Julian Clarke, whose family name is Clarke, is a relative of Joshua Reed Giddings.
Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Jamal Bhuyan is a member of the Bangladesh national football team, and he was part of the team's start time.
Celtica Radio is a radio station that was launched on January 1st, 2000.
The Cana Brava River (lower Tocantins River) is a river in Brazil.
Ryongju Station is in the Time in North Korea zone, which is valid in that period.
Yuri Norstein won the Winsor McCay Award at some point in time.
Sergei Novikov, a mathematician, received the Lobachevsky Prize at some point in time.
The Khoisan languages are spoken by the San people, who are from Zambia.
Piedmont Records is a record label from the United States.
Travelling Riverside Blues is a song from the United States, released by Atlantic Records.
Silvia Torres-Peimbert was awarded the Hans Bethe Prize at some point in time.
Dov Karmi won the Israel Prize.
Garth Paltridge speaks English and his given name is Garth.
Nigel De Brulier stars in The Man in the Iron Mask (1939 film) and plays a character role.
Madhumati won the Filmfare Award for Best Film at some point in time.
The Russian Riviera was created in 2011 in France.
Serge Haroche was awarded the CNRS Gold medal.
Vladimir Tarnopolsky was a citizen of Ukraine.
Cherepanovsky District is located in Novosibirsk Oblast and began on an unspecified date.
Miroslav Stoch played for the Slovakia national football team.
Mother Teresa was the winner of the Pacem in Terris Award.
Deyan Vatchkov's instrument is voice and his voice type is unspecified.
O Shopping is a television channel that was launched in 2013.
Robert Joseph McManus was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
Yonatan Netanyahu received the Medal of Distinguished Service at some point in time.
Robert Delbourgo was awarded the Harrie Massey Medal and Prize at some point in time.
Diamond Trust Bank Group is a business that was founded in 1945.
Darryl Jones is African American and graduated from Southern Illinois University.
Johnny Cash was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend award, which started in an unspecified time.
Casey Nicholaw was the winner of the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at some point in time.
Cindy Klassen received the Oscar Mathisen Award at some point in time.
Martin Warnke was awarded the Aby Warburg Prize at some point.
Sergio Rico is a member of Sevilla FC and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Andrei Paukov was born in Oryol, Russia.
Sergei Bondarchuk was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at some point in time.
Vanessa Downing plays a character in the TV show Home and Away.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by Owain Owain and Owain Owain is the location of Tafod y Ddraig.
Puszcza Piska is a forest in Poland.
The Calansho Desert is a desert in Libya.
Jaime Chavez, a human, is a member of the Atlanta Silverbacks FC.
Saint Kitts and Nevis is a member of the International Development Association since the start time.
Thomas W. Herren is buried at Arlington National Cemetery, which is a point in time.
Rawalpindi is located in Rawalpindi Division and the start date of Rawalpindi Division is unknown.
Gabriel Corozo is a member of the Ecuador national football team and has been a part of the team since its start.
P53 road (Ukraine) is a road in Ukraine.
Alibaba Group is headquartered in George Town, Cayman Islands, which is a country.
Sydney Turing Barlow Lawford was educated at Windlesham House School and had a child named Peter Lawford.
The Al Dhaid Cricket Village was established in the United Arab Emirates in 2008.
California State Route 209 ends in Point Loma, San Diego, heading in a certain direction.
Kim Kum-il is a member of April 25 Sports Club and joined April 25 Sports Club.
Kulittalai Kadambavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple in India.
Roxann Dawson plays a role in Star Trek: Voyager season 4.
The Late B.P. Helium is a rock and pop band from the United States.
The Flag of Annandale, Virginia was designed by the North American Vexillological Association and is the municipal flag.
Virginia State Route 203 is maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation and is part of the State highways in Virginia.
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy are the occupants of Estadio 23 de Agosto, which is used for association football.
Nidhi Buley is a member of the Madhya Pradesh women's cricket team. The start time for Nidhi Buley in the Madhya Pradesh women's cricket team is not specified.
Thomas Müller participated in the 2010-11 UEFA Champions League and was a member of a sports team for the 2010-11 UEFA Champions League.
Atlético Madrid Femenino plays in the Primera División (women) and their home ground is Estadio Cerro del Espino.
Joseph-Eugène Limoges received holy orders at a certain point in time.
Owen Boxall, also known as Owen, was a competitor at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Adam Johnson started playing in the National Hockey League.
Gerald Hayes, a human being, is a member of the Arizona Cardinals.
Albin Chalandon was the father of Fabien Chalandon and was married to Salomé Murat.
Brendan Foster was the winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at some point in time.
The British Empire Economic Conference is an Imperial Conference from the United Kingdom.
Clay Andrews Racing is an auto racing team from the United States.
Horne station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
George Lindsey is the voice actor of Thomas O'Malley in The Aristocats.
Jordan Bone was drafted by the Detroit Pistons at a certain point in time.
Taylor Hayes (actress) has won the AVN Award for Best Actress at some point in time.
Macomber Mountain is a mountain in the United States.
Alberta Highway 686 is a road in Canada.
Dabolim Airport has a scheduled service to Coimbatore International Airport. Coimbatore International Airport is operated by Dabolim Airport.
The Temple of Sangri in Naxos has the Ancient Greek style of architecture.
Nathan Reardon is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes and played for them.
Emmanuel Imorou is a member of the Benin national football team, which has a start time.
Rodney Serveux is a member of the Vanuatu national football team and the Vanuatu national football team started with Rodney Serveux.
Grigori Kozintsev was born in Kiev, Ukraine.
The head coach of FC Torpedo Kutaisi is Giorgi Daraselia and the club's home venue is Ramaz Shengelia Stadium.
Serhiy Myakushko was born in Kiev, Ukraine.
Westham Halt railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Wade Webber, a human, is a member of the Miami Fusion team.
Dedovichi is the capital of Dedovichsky District (which began on an unknown date).
DINFIA IA 38 is an aircraft model from Argentina.
The 68th New York State Legislature is a New York legislative session from the United States.
Matt Skrmetta, a human, is a member of the Nashville Sounds team.
Kavalam Narayana Panicker won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at some point in time.
Beaver Township, Polk County, Iowa is located in Iowa, United States.
Rochovce is in Slovakia, and it is the start time in Slovakia.
Richard Carlyle plays the role in The Squire of Gothos.
Corda, Ribeira Grande is a village in Cape Verde.
Jenna Coleman plays a character in the Mummy on the Orient Express.
Angelina Maccarone won the Golden Leopard award for her work.
Uspensky District is located in Krasnodar Krai. It does not have a start time.
Arapixi Extractive Reserve is a protected area in Brazil.
The Fourth Mainland Bridge is a proposed bridge in Nigeria.
The Garhwa railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Garhwa railway station.
Krystian Nowak is a member of the Poland national under-21 football team, whose games started in 
98.4 Midlands is a radio station in Zimbabwe.
Carlos Cotto, whose family name is Cotto, is a human being.
Emmanuel Vermignon played for the Martinique national football team which started in an unspecified time.
Exeter Tutorial College, Exeter, was established on October 6, 1995.
Hermann David Weber was awarded the Croonian Lecture at some point.
Ingenium was founded in 1990 in Canada.
The headquarters of NYSE Euronext is located in New York City, which is a city in the United States.
Conor McLaughlin is a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, who started playing for the team.
R.O.B. is a player character in Super Smash Bros.
POL / AE Maroni was relegated from the 2011 -- 12 Cypriot Third Division and their home venue was the 2011 -- 12 Cypriot Third Division.
The 1976 Llanelli Borough Council election was a local election.
Stein Mehren was awarded the Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment at some point in time.
G.S. Maddala's doctoral student was David M. Grether and his child is Vivek Maddala.
Justin Timberlake's The Justified World Tour was a concert tour.
Królowej Jadwigi Street in Bydgoszcz is located in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The DTA Alizés is a sub-class of aircraft from France.
Malcolm McDowell plays a character in the 2013 film Richard the Lionheart.
Gintaras Einikis competes in men's basketball and is a member of BC Palanga.
Delhi Public School, Giridih is a school that was established in 2014.
Tim Cahill was a member of the team that participated in the 2011-12 Premier League.
Tri Protoka is located in the Samara Time zone and the Samara Time starts in Tri Protoka.
Adriaen Pietersz Crabeth worked in Groningen at some point in time.
The home ground of Odisha FC is the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Delhi), and the club's head coach is Josep Gombau.
Freespire is an instance of Linux distribution and was developed by Linspire.
Dyson Heppell won the Crichton Medal at some point in time.
The Sir William Ramsay School in High Wycombe was established on August 1, 2011.
Jose Ignacio Fernandez Cogedor is the mayor of Los Santos de la Humosa.
Tyler Gibson is a member of the Indy Eleven team and started playing for them.
Fangcun District was established in 1949 in China.
The Lindemans Bugt Formation is a geological formation in Greenland.
Vaemla is located in Hiiumaa Parish which was established on an unknown start time.
Rollover Pass is a canal in the United States.
Alexander Holtzoff, born Alexander, graduated from Columbia University.
O'Brian Woodbine was a member of the Jamaica national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Montottone is located in the Province of Fermo and was established at an unknown start time.
Fergus Darling is a human and his given name is Fergus.
James Tamou played for the Australia national rugby league team, which started on an unspecified date.
Tomoko Kawakami is the voice actor for a character in Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
The Eight Schools Association was established in 1973 in the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at some point in time.
Vladimir Petrov was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR.
Peter B. Bennett is an organizational founder of.
Kaggadasapura is a human settlement in India.
Zawada, Lubartów County is located in Standard time zone UTC + 01:00. UTC + 01:00 is valid in this period.
The French corvette Dupleix (1861) is a ship from France.
The 1918 Denver Pioneers football team was an American football team season and was related to American football.
Angelo Simmons, a human, is a member of the Dandy Town Hornets F.C.
Jean Weissenbach was awarded the CNRS Gold medal.
Javier Klimowicz is a member of the sports team C.S. Emelec, whose games start at an unspecified time.
Mother Goose is a rock and pop band from Finland.
The Four Just Men is a novel written in British English and it is a detective fiction.
Dennis Alas is a member of the sports team KF Feronikeli, and he started playing for KF Feronikeli.
Pablo De Muner is a member of the sports team Barracas Central, which starts at an unspecified time.
The fictional group of Robot Renegades is from the DC Universe.
Empire State News is a newspaper that was established in 2003.
The Lost Years of Merlin series is a book series written by T.A. Barron.
The Last Drop by Leyster is a painting of a man and is in the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
The United States was the location of the 1922 Bridgman Convention, which was held in August 1922.
Valentina Vezzali participated in the women's team foil event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award in the same event.
Guy Pearce plays a role in the 2006 film Factory Girl.
Gael Yeomans was born in Rancagua, Chile.
The Taigan (safari park) was established in 2012 in Russia.
Scott Bakula plays a character in the episode Awakening of Star Trek: Enterprise.
The New South Wales D57 class locomotive, manufactured by Clyde Engineering, has a wheel arrangement of 4-8-2.
The Scarlet Plague, written in English, is published by Macmillan Inc.
The song "More Than You Know" by Martika originated from the United States and was followed by "Toy Soldiers".
The Goulburn Chronicle and Southern Advertiser is a newspaper from Australia.
Lenore Blum received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring at some point in time.
The book Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is set in California and published by Alfred A. Knopf.
Community Action Services and Food Bank is a nonprofit organization in the United States.
Thanu Padmanabhan was awarded the G.D. Birla Award for Scientific Research at some point in time.
Ben Cutting is a member of the Mumbai Indians team. The Mumbai Indians team was founded at Ben Cutting.
Ao Station is connected to the Shintetsu Ao Line, which is operated by the Shintetsu Ao Line.
The Baroness (novels) is an espionage novel from the United States.
State Center/Colonial Center station is on the Baltimore Metro SubwayLink line, and is located adjacent to Lexington Market station.
Johann Blumhardt is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Elina Bystritskaya was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at some point in time.
Equitrac is a business that was founded in 1977.
Celine Dion's discography includes the album My Love: Essential Collection, which was published.
Sugyo Station is located in the Time in North Korea time zone, which is valid in this period.
Smiles for Diversity is a nonprofit organization from the United States.
Mary-Louise Parker has won the Theatre World Award at some point in time.
John O'Sullivan (engineer) won the IEEE Masaru Ibuka Consumer Electronics Award at some point in time.
The head of government in Botevgrad is Ivan Gavalugov, who holds the office of Mayor.
Henrik Batikyan is a member of Shirak SC, and his time with the team started.
Josef Marha is the name of Josef, who played for the Colorado Avalanche.
Lugo Senate constituency is a constituency of the Senate of Spain in Spain.
Wang Hao, born in 1983, participated in the men's singles table tennis event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award for it.
Leon Robinson plays a character in the song Like a Prayer.
The Sony Ericsson W380 is a cell phone model that was manufactured by Sony Mobile.
Marc Höcher was a member of the sports team FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt, and he started playing for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
Lac Gobeil Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base in Canada.
Pokr Masrik is a country in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which ceased to exist.
World Aircraft Spirit is an aircraft from Colombia.
Brian Honour is the coach of Hartlepool United F.C. and is a member of Hartlepool United F.C.
The history of rail transport in Thailand can be found in the category:History of rail transport in Thailand.
Ernst Chain received the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at some point in time.
Wiktor Kemula was awarded the Centenary Prize.
Métropole Toulon Provence Méditerranée is a Métropole. The Métropole Toulon Provence Méditerranée started as a Métropole.
The Manych Ship Canal is a canal in Russia.
Singletons Mill, New South Wales is in the electoral district of Hawkesbury and the electoral district of Hawkesbury has the role of object.
Congerenge is a human settlement in Mozambique.
Abdallah El Said is a member of the Al Ahly SC team, and he started playing for them.
Amir Turgeman is the head coach of Bnei Sakhnin F.C. and his tenure started at Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Peter C. Doherty was Australian of the Year at some point in time.
The Technology Innovation Agency is an organization located in Pretoria.
Lee Tergesen plays a character in the TV series Oz.
The Ethiopian Postal Service is a business and is located in Addis Ababa.
Vince Edwards attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts until an unspecified end time.
West Craven High School, Barnoldswick is a high school (North America) that was established on September 1st, 2016.
Herford station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is the time zone that is used in daylight saving time.
Jonathan Frakes plays a character in Q Who.
The Mahindra Scorpio Getaway is a car manufactured by Mahindra & Mahindra.
The public-private partnership Save America's Treasures was founded by Hillary Clinton.
Henry Williams ( Medal of Honor ) was awarded the Medal of Honor at some point in time.
The USS Yorktown (CV-10) was located in the Charleston Harbor, starting in an unknown time period.
Ilan Marek is employed by Technion -- Israel Institute of Technology, which he started working at.
Jonathan Frakes plays a character in The Chase, a Star Trek: The Next Generation episode.
Ryan Crotty played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, whose career began on an unspecified date.
Nils Svedelius was employed by Uppsala University from an unknown start time.
Jock Wishart received the Mungo Park Medal at some point in time.
Verkh-Aleyka is a village in Russia.
Walter Sherman Gifford, given name Walter, was a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Simon Ramo was awarded the National Medal of Science at some point in time.
The Razorback Handicap is a horse race in the United States.
Vadim Rață is a member of the AFC Chindia Târgoviște team, which he started playing for.
Leda Atomica was exhibited at the Bignou Gallery at some point in time.
Antwan Barnes, a human being, is a member of the Philadelphia Eagles team.
The Illinois State Lottery is a lottery that was established on July 1st, 1974.
Production House Records is a record label that was founded in 1987.
Lionel Naccache graduated from Pierre and Marie Curie University.
The Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation Act is an Act of Congress in the United States.
Joe Thomas (linebacker) is a human being and a member of the Dallas Cowboys team.
Smolnik, Bulgaria is located in time zone UTC + 02:00 and is valid in this time zone.
Stydd Hall is an English country house in the United Kingdom.
Leeuwarden railway station is located in Leeuwarden and is connected to Leeuwarden Achter de Hoven railway station by a line.
Michael Ferguson (biochemist) was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh at some point in time.
The Right Honourable is the honorific prefix of John Major, who became The Right Honourable at an unspecified start time.
Tyler Boyd, who is a member of the New Zealand national football team, started playing for the team.
Utah State Route 30 connects with Interstate 84 in Utah, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
William Arthur Bone was awarded the Howard N. Potts Medal at some point in time.
Walter Kohn was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art.
Leonidas Flores, a human, is a member of A.D. Limonense.
Dali County is located in Weinan. Dali County is in Weinan.
Gawler railway station is located in Australia, which started operations.
Lee Meriwether plays a character in the 1966 film Batman.
Lesley Head is a member of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, whose start time is unknown.
The Smilga River flows into the Jaugila River in the direction of Jaugila.
Tsagaantsooj Enkhtur is a citizen of Mongolia and started her career in 2003.
Urbano Ortega played for Mérida UD. The start time for Urbano Ortega with Mérida UD is not specified.
Tim Kaine is married to Anne Holton. The marriage to Anne Holton started at an unspecified time.
Mitaki Station, which was opened on 01 January 1930, is adjacent to Yokogawa Station.
François Petit performed as Sub-Zero in Mortal Kombat.
Matthew Rabin received the John von Neumann Award at some point in time.
Nancy Kleckner received the Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal at some point in time.
Indiana University-Purdue University Columbus is under construction and the Purdue University system is the parent organization of Indiana University-Purdue University Columbus.
Rabai al-Madhoun won the International Prize for Arabic Fiction.
Mirko Grmek was awarded the George Sarton Medal.
Carlos Fondacaro was a member of the Tiro Federal team and started with Tiro Federal.
Thomas Brennan Nolan received the Wilbur Cross Medal at some point in time.
The wedding dress of Meghan Markle depicts Bauhinia acuminata, which symbolizes Bauhinia acuminata.
Luke Berry was a member of the team that participated in the 2018-19 FA Cup.
Curro Vacas is a member of the UB Conquense team and his career with UB Conquense started.
Anas Bani Yaseen is a member of the Jordan national football team, whose start time is not specified.
Zarza de Granadilla has the capital of Zarza de Granadilla and shares its borders with La Pesga.
Valentyn Kryachko was born in Ukraine where he attended the H.S. Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University.
Kent (mango) is a type of mango.
Daniel Petkovski is a member of the Rockdale City Suns FC and started playing for the team.
Saint Kitts and Nevis was a signatory to the Berne Convention, which is a point in time.
Imre Sinkovits received the Kossuth Prize at some point in time.
Juan Manuel Viale was a member of the sports team UE Sant Andreu, which started at an unspecified time.
Emilio Segrè received the Richtmyer Memorial Award at some point in time.
Stan Kirsch plays a character in Highlander: The Series.
Denise Bradley graduated from the University of Sydney with an academic degree.
Janne Lundblad participated in the equestrian event of Individual dressage at the 1920 Summer Olympics and received an award.
James McGaugh received the William James Fellow Award at some point in time.
Mohamed Amir Bourahli played for WA Tlemcen, with his stint starting at an unspecified time.
Piet Gros was awarded the Spinoza Prize at some point in time.
Shelagh Carter, whose family name is Carter, is a human.
Karen Phillips competed in the Women's 200 metre butterfly at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance in that event.
Batemans Bay is located in the Division of Gilmore, which is an electoral division.
SS Eastfield is a ship from the United Kingdom.
Rafael Longuine is a member of Santos FC and was part of Santos FC since an unspecified start time.
Sergei Lemeshev received the USSR State Prize at some point in time.
Tony Pitts plays a character in Rogue One.
The Seychelles Port Authority is a government agency that was established on January 1st, 2004.
Jeevantha Kulatunga was a member of the Wayamba cricket team. The Wayamba cricket team started with Jeevantha Kulatunga.
Manuel Lanzarote is a member of Real Zaragoza, and his time at Real Zaragoza started.
Monday.com is a project management software application for the Macintosh operating systems.
Ann Morrison has won the Theatre World Award at some point in time.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Cinematography.
Robert Woodbury won the Abbot Payson Usher Prize in an unspecified year.
Trisha Brown was a recipient of the MacArthur Fellows Program at some point in time.
Pondera County, Montana shares a border with Glacier County, Montana. Pondera County, Montana contains Conrad, Montana.
Kechallyar is a human settlement in Azerbaijan.
Wolfie the Seawolf is a mascot character from the United States.
John von Neumann won the Bôcher Memorial Prize.
Harestua Station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
Stanislav Rudenko, a human, plays for the FC Nosta Novotroitsk.
PPF Banka is a subsidiary of PPF (company) and PPF (company) is a point in time for PPF Banka.
Suzan Frecon has won the Anonymous Was A Woman Award at some point in time.
Jane Rowlandson attended St Hilda's College, Oxford from an unknown start time.
The Sanchi Archaeological Museum is an archaeology museum in India.
Sam Rayburn worked as a lawyer.
The David Lubin Memorial Library is a library in Italy.
Liu Xianying competes in Biathlon and won an award at the Biathlon World Championships 2005.
Hanna Konsek played for the Poland women's national football team.
Lloyd George's Beer Song is a song and was written by R.P. Weston.
WXMI is a television station that was established in 1982.
Joseph Justus Scaliger was the doctoral advisor of Adrianus Turnebus at some point in time.
Lilbosch Abbey is a monastery in the Netherlands.
Maja Vukoces is a mountain in Albania.
Strul is set in Stockholm and was produced by SF Studios.
Tenerife is located in the Atlantic Ocean, in Africa.
Otto Hoffmann von Waldau was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross at some point in time.
The Empress of the Seas has a home port in Nassau, Bahamas and her port of registry is Valletta.
Joseph von Laßberg is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is a source that makes a statement about Joseph von Laßberg.
Mohamed Kaboré is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team, which started playing in 1974.
Billy Joel was awarded the Gershwin Prize.
Edmonds Field is a sports venue in the United States.
Giuseppe Fioravanti is a singer and his voice type is Bass.
Oliver Reck, who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics, played for FC Schalke 04.
Corrupting Dr. Nice, written in English, is published by Tor Books.
The Altai State Pedagogical University is located in Barnaul, which is a country.
Sabri Raheel was a member of Al Ahly SC, with his stint starting at an unspecified time.
Darren Bent participated in the 2003-04 Football League Cup and was a member of a sports team in that competition.
Kleemu is in Hiiumaa Parish and was established on an unspecified date.
Eugene Nalimov graduated from Novosibirsk State University.
Jean Favier won the Grand prix Gobert at some point in time.
Johan de la Faille worked in France at some point in time.
Shindō (, Shindō ( manga ) is from Japan and its main subject is Music.
Chairat Madsiri plays as a midfielder and is a member of Songkhla United F.C.
Alejandro Bejarano played for the Bolivia national football team.
Matt Downs, a human, is a member of the Houston Astros.
Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff.
Paramaribo is located in the Paramaribo District and is the start time of Paramaribo District.
Dustin Hoffman plays a character in the film Lenny.
The Horatio N. Howard House is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Lim Jin-wook is a member of Chungju Hummel FC and started playing for the team.
Frontier Services Group is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange began at an unspecified time.
Mister Lies is an electronic music recording label, signed to Orchid Tapes.
Au Bon Climat is a winery in the United States.
Yangi Margilan is a human settlement in Uzbekistan.
Frank Jensen was the Lord mayor of Copenhagen.
The Greensboro Science Center is a member organization of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
Wilfred Hudleston Hudleston was awarded the Wollaston Medal at some point in time.
Gordon Moore received the Dan David Prize.
Glebe Gallery is an art museum in the Republic of Ireland.
The Southern Pacific 2718 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a certain point in time.
Roman Dzhigkayev is a member of the FC Kolomna team, and he started playing for them.
Irene Manton was awarded the Linnean Medal at some point in time.
Belgorodsky District is located in Belgorod Oblast and has the main category of Belgorodsky District.
Lee Seul-chan is a member of the Jeonnam Dragons team, and he started playing for them.
Felice Tamburelli served as Diocesan Bishop of the diocese.
Costruzioni Meccaniche di Saronno is an automotive company located in Saronno.
Kamil Grosicki is a member of the Poland national football team.
Connor McDavid has won the Hart Memorial Trophy.
The Olympia London International Horse Show is located in London, in the United Kingdom.
Guru Prakash Dutta received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at some point in time.
Olivia Newton-John has won the Daytime Emmy Award at some point in time.
Charles Reynolds, a cleric, was born in the 16th century and spoke the English language.
Chen Hualan was awarded the L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards at some point in time.
The International Centre for Theoretical Physics is located in Trieste, which is a city in Italy.
Matt Bragga is a human and his given name is Matt.
Freez FM is a radio station from the Netherlands.
Jamie Sandy, a human, is a member of the Eastern Suburbs Tigers.
William Lyon Mackenzie King was named Canadian Newsmaker of the Year at some point in time.
Grace Paley received the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
Bilel Mohsni is a footballer from Tunisia.
Edward Witten was awarded the Albert Einstein World Award of Science at some point in time.
Alsunga Parish is a parish of Latvia, located in Latvia.
Chamin Correa plays the guitar. Chamin Correa is a human.
Fakiragram Junction railway station is adjacent to Kokrajhar railway station and was opened in 1900.
Bochasan Junction railway station is a train station in India.
Silas B. Cobb was involved in the founding of the University of Chicago.
Lopini Paea is a member of the Catalans Dragons team and started playing for them.
The SS City of Paris (1865) is a steamship from the United Kingdom.
The Jaeger Corps (Denmark) was established in 1961 in Denmark.
Rollapadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in India.
Kotak Mahindra Bank is headquartered in Mumbai, India.
Ecocity Builders is a nonprofit organization. Ecocity Builders is located in Oakland, California.
Barnabás Bese is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team. The Hungary national under-21 football team started with Barnabás Bese.
Mathrubhumi News is a television channel that was established in 2013.
ESvn is free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Michael Dorn plays a character in the episode One Little Ship.
Matthew Rosseinsky won the Hughes Medal at some point in time.
The Institute of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles is located in Downtown Los Angeles.
The Polizzello archaeological site is an archaeological site in Italy.
Gamboa, Panama is a human settlement in Panama.
The Great Irish Bake Off (series 1) is part of The Great Irish Bake Off and was followed by The Great Irish Bake Off.
Todd May is an employee of Clemson University, who started working there.
Ben Gibson participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship and was a member of a sports team in the 2013-14 Football League Championship.
Marion Jones was the winner of the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportswoman of the Year at some point in time.
Piran waterfall is a waterfall in Iran.
Judo South Africa is a judo in South Africa.
The Essex Shipbuilding Museum is a maritime museum in the United States.
Albert V, Duke of Bavaria is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Ricardo Faty is a member of the Senegal national football team and started playing for the Senegal national football team.
John Archambault is the author of Chicka Chicka Boom Boom, which he wrote.
El Paso Subdivision is a railway line in the United States.
The Middle Three Conference is a topic in the Category:Middle Three Conference and is located in the United States.
Joey Barton was a member of the team participating in the 2016-17 FA Cup.
Tibor Kozma graduated from the Franz Liszt Academy of Music.
Robert Picardo plays a role in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Prime Factors.
Chantal Hoffmann is a member of the Lotto -- Soudal Ladies team.
Teruko Ishizaka received the Passano Foundation award.
The head coach of FC Bunyodkor is Mirjalol Qosimov and the home venue is Milliy Stadium.
W.H. Auden won the Bollingen Prize in a certain year.
Paul R. Heyl received the Howard N. Potts Medal at some point in time.
Hayden, whose musical family name is Desser, is signed to Hardwood Records.
Elvanfoot is located in South Lanarkshire and is a location within South Lanarkshire.
Franz Grillparzer was born in Vienna, Austria.
Li Ao, whose family name is Li ( surname ), is a philosopher who practices Confucianism.
Serhiy Krulykovskyi, whose place of burial is the Zverynetskiy cemetery, played for FC Dynamo Kyiv.
Kristall Berdsk is an ice hockey team, playing Ice hockey.
Halik Kochanski graduated with a Doctor of Philosophy degree from an institution that educated her in Doctor of Philosophy.
Karl Dönitz is the author of the Laconia Order, which was issued on 17 September 1942.
Providence Women's College was established in 1952 in India.
Brandon Moss, a human, is a member of the Kansas City Royals.
Zephyr is a video game from the United States.
Ikuo Kabashima started as the head of government in Kumamoto Prefecture.
Sebastián Rosano was a member of the Uruguay national football team which started in an unknown time.
The Demon Prince of Momochi House is a manga series from Japan.
Fiji was a signatory to the Universal Copyright Convention, which was ratified by Fiji on March 8, 1970.
The University of Bayreuth is located in Bayreuth, Germany.
Sarwat Gilani is married to Fahad Mirza.
Untersiebenbrunn is a member of the Climate Alliance, which started in 
Wellington Monteiro is a member of Audax Rio de Janeiro Esporte Clube. He started with the club on an unspecified date.
Greenland Minerals is a business located in Perth.
Shigeharu Matsumoto was awarded the Person of Cultural Merit award at some point in time.
The SGCC UAV is a UAV from China.
Yumare is a human settlement in Venezuela.
The 2001 Swansea East by-election was a by-election held on 27 September 2001.
Rodrigo Cabalucci is a member of Club Olimpo and was part of the team from the start.
Robert Lewandowski works in Munich, but the start time of his work in Munich is not specified.
Luke Shaw is a member of the England national football team, whose career with the team started.
The People's Liberation Movement - Cinchoneros is an organization from Honduras.
Earl Gros is a human being and a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers team.
Howard Alper received the Izaak Walton Killam Memorial Prize at some point in time.
Anick Lemay played a character in the film Kiss Me Like a Lover.
Airlink is headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The Lithic Studies Society is an organization that was established in 1979.
The Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial is a chess tournament in Mexico.
Mitchell Price, a human being, is a member of the Arizona Cardinals team.
Stig Bergström received the Raymond C. Moore Medal at some point in time.
Klaus Huber won the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize at some point in time.
Carles Coto played for Volos FC, joining the team at an unknown start time.
Mano Maritime is a company based in Haifa, Israel.
Zoltán Friedmanszky, who played for the Hungary national football team, was a participant in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Ursula Happe participated in the Women's 200 metre breaststroke event at the 1956 Summer Olympics, where she received an award.
The Grice Inn is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Kyara Linskens is a member of the BC Namur-Capitale team and she started with BC Namur-Capitale.
The Singapore Innovation League is a business that was established in 2014.
Vladimir Prelog received the Centenary Prize.
The Westing Game is written in English and published by E.P. Dutton.
Iraklis Gerolakkou played in the 2013 -- 14 Cypriot Fourth Division at their home venue.
The Cook Islands is a member of UNESCO, starting in an unspecified time.
Kantakunosato Station, which opened on 20 April 1995, is adjacent to Onohonmachi Station.
Omar Bari played for Al-Rayyan SC, and his time with the team started.
Prague Zoo keeps Western gorillas since an unspecified time.
Kenny Watson (footballer), a human, is a member of Montrose F.C.
Carolina Tiger Rescue is a zoo in the United States.
Michael Harris Caine, born Michael, graduated from George Washington University.
Dudley Benjafield, whose given name is Dudley, attended the University of London.
Lajos Kassák was awarded the Kossuth Prize at some point in time.
Edward Edinborough Chamberlain was awarded the Hector Memorial Medal at some point in time.
K.R. Aravindakshan is a member of the Communist Marxist Party. The Communist Marxist Party was founded by K.R. Aravindakshan.
Danielle Panabaker plays a character in the TV series Supergirl.
Skavlan is a television show from Sweden.
Jens Thomas Arnfred received the Eckersberg Medal at some point in time.
Le Val-Saint-Germain is headed by the Mayor of Le Val-Saint-Germain, who is Serge Deloges.
Peter Verhelst won the Jan Campert Prize at some point in time.
The Texas Instruments TMS9918 is a video display controller, manufactured by Texas Instruments.
Nilla Fischer plays as a midfielder and is a member of Linköpings FC.
Every Ocean Hughes lives in New York City and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
West House, Chelsea is a house of.
Every Which Way but Loose was filmed in New Mexico. Ruth Gordon stars in the film.
Jean-Louis Curtis won the Prix Goncourt.
Omar Koroma is a member of FC Kyzylzhar, and his time at FC Kyzylzhar started.
The Guarajambala River is a river in Honduras.
George Young is a human being who made Three Strings to Her Bow.
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station and is connected by the same line.
Jacques Dubochet was employed by the European Molecular Biology Laboratory.
Vicky Ntetema has received the International Women of Courage Award.
Republic Square (Yerevan Metro) is named after Republic Square, Yerevan and was opened on December 26th 1981.
Village Rockstars won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film at some point in time.
The SS City of Philadelphia is a steamship from the United Kingdom.
The Chinese pyramids are a mausoleum in China.
Canterbury Rugby League is a rugby league in New Zealand.
Max Holden is a citizen of Scotland, and his time in Scotland ended.
Therese Johaug has received the Holmenkollen Medal at some point in time.
Iva is a given name, and January 2 is its name day in a country.
Sheaf House is a sports venue in the United Kingdom.
Nam Cheong station is connected to the Tung Chung line, which starts at Nam Cheong station.
Big Walter Price plays the piano and was signed to the record label Peacock Records.
The miniseries Smash, which is produced by Kanal 1 Drama, was originally shown in Swedish.
Kpakpale is a human settlement in the Central African Republic.
Michael Hooper (rugby union) is a member of the Australia national rugby union team, and the team's start time is unknown.
The song "Serendipity" is part of the album "Love Yourself : Her" which was released on September 18, 2017.
Andrei Karlov was awarded the Hero of the Russian Federation award.
Don Megowan stars in The Devil's Brigade which was filmed in Utah.
Kenneth Bullington received the Stuart Ballantine Medal at some point in time.
Mansour Mohamed El-Kikhia received the Bronze Wolf Award at some point in time.
Anahit Manasyan is a human, and her name is Anahit.
Francisco Santos Leal won the Fulkerson Prize at some point in time.
Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade is a computer keyboard based game that is part of the Heroes of Might and Magic series.
Piotr Giza, a human, is a member of Legia Warsaw.
Laudenbach, Bavaria is located in the Standard Time zone UTC + 01:00.
Nick Ward, an Australian footballer, was a member of Newcastle Jets FC, and he started playing for the team.
Edwin Conklin was the winner of the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science, at some point in time.
City 7 Dubai is a television channel that was launched in 2002.
James Franco plays a character in the 2002 film Spider-Man.
The Penghu Living Museum accepts cash payments and the currency used is cash.
Gustav Helsted was awarded the Order of the Dannebrog at some point in time.
Alfred Asikainen competed in the Men's Greco-Roman middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Michael A. Feighan graduated from John Carroll University with a degree from John Carroll University.
Callandoon, Queensland is located in the Goondiwindi Region and is part of the Goondiwindi Region.
Jamal Zahalka is a member of the Joint List. The Joint List started with Jamal Zahalka.
College station in Toronto is adjacent to Wellesley station and is towards Wellesley station.
The winner of the 2003 Formula One World Championship was Scuderia Ferrari, which is the team.
Sergey Kovalev vs. Andre Ward was a boxing match in the sport of Boxing.
From Here to Eternity was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry at a certain point in time.
Cameron Schilling started playing in the National Hockey League.
Ghavam Shahidi received the J.J. Ebers Award at some point in time.
Kieran Tierney was a member of the team that participated in the 2014-15 Scottish Premiership.
Deutsche Werft produced the German submarine U-2322, which is a U-2322 class vessel.
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge, which is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation, was built in 1950 and crosses the Tacoma Narrows.
William Holmes (British Army officer), whose given name is William, attended Gresham's School.
Conegliano railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Carl Gyllenborg is an employee of Uppsala University. Carl Gyllenborg started working at Uppsala University.
Toll Group is a subsidiary of Japan Post Holdings, which acquired Toll Group on an unspecified date.
The PWBA Bowling Tour : 2018 season is a season (sports) that took place in 2018.
Anna Maria Marten is married to Roy Marten.
Tiffany Thornton plays a character in the film Hatching Pete.
Helen Small was a Fellow of the British Academy at some point in time.
Felitciano Zschusschen is a member of the Curaçao national football team and started playing for the Curaçao national football team.
Frank Lee (rugby league) is a human being and a member of the St Helens R.F.C. team.
Aichi Kokuki manufactured the Heinkel He 50 at a certain point in time.
The Oyez Project is a website which uses the English language.
Kanfory Sylla is a member of Zakho FC, and he started playing for Zakho FC.
Andrew Schneider, a journalist, was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting.
Michael Whelan received the Hughes Medal at some point in time.
Volgograd is named after the Volga River. Volgograd is the starting point of the Volga River.
Christ's College, Cambridge is located in Cambridge, in the UK.
The New Zealand St. Leger is a horse race in New Zealand.
Koguriyama Station was opened in 1952 and is located adjacent to Chitose Station ( Aomori ).
Southeast Area Transit is a bus company that was established in 1975.
Andreas Bjelland participated in the 2015-16 Football League Championship and was a member of a sports team in that league.
The Echorium Sequence is a book series written by Katherine Roberts.
Alexei Starobinsky received the Tomalla Foundation award.
Kristofer Hivju plays a character in Game of Thrones.
Lin-Manuel Miranda was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical.
Romanovsky District, Saratov Oblast is located in Saratov Oblast and has a start time in Saratov Oblast.
Onaway station is on the Blue Line and is located next to Southington station (GCRTA Blue Line).
Caitriona Balfe was born in Dublin, Ireland.
Knittelfeld is a member of the Climate Alliance, which started in an unknown time.
San Mauro Torinese is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin and has a start time.
Fousseny Coulibaly was a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis team, which he joined at an unspecified time.
Marta Corredera is a citizen of Spain and started playing for the Spain women's national football team.
Borovikovo is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which began on an unspecified time.
The Federal Office for Information Security is located in Bonn and is located on a street in Bonn.
The book Twenty-six Men and a Girl was written by Maxim Gorky.
Josef Kainz, who was married to Sara Hutzler, is buried in Döbling Cemetery.
The Tunnel de la Croix-Rousse is operated by Lyon Metropolis.
Keoladeo National Park is a Ramsar site and was designated as such at an unspecified date.
The Cormorant oilfield is located in the United Kingdom and is operated by TAQA.
The Hundred of Willunga is a part of the County of Adelaide, however there is no start time information available.
Pennsylvania Route 321 is part of the Pennsylvania State Route System and is maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation.
Kunal Sawant was born in Mumbai. Kunal Sawant started playing for Mumbai F.C.
Monade was a horse who competed in horse racing and was born in 1959.
Damian Wayne is the son of Batman, who is also known as Batman (Terry McGinnis).
Thomas ( name ) Konrad, who played for Karlsruher SC II, was born as Thomas Konrad.
Robin Huisman de Jong is a member of the SC Heerenveen team, with a start time that is not specified.
AEL Limassol participated in the 1991 -- 92 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at AEL Limassol.
Hilgenried Bay is a bay in Germany.
Marianne dela Riva is a human, and her given name is Marianne.
The Alakh Prakash Goyal University was established in 2012 in India.
Freddy Sanchez, a human, is a member of the Boston Red Sox team.
The Door Through Space is written in English and part of the Darkover series.
Culham railway station, named after Culham, is a Grade II* listed building.
The Richmond Football Club participated in the 2018 AFL season.
A / L Iwarai is a television show which was broadcast by the Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
Sergei Pesyakov was born in Ivanovo, Russia.
Henry Horatio Dixon was awarded the Croonian Lecture.
Image is a magazine that was founded in 1975.
Medial pontine syndrome is a brainstem stroke syndrome and belongs to the specialty of Neurology.
The Lutheran Hour is a radio program from the United States.
Epsom and Ewell Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom, and the main category for this topic is Epsom and Ewell Borough Council elections.
Sergey Rusak is a member of FK Palanga, and he started playing for FK Palanga.
Patrick Ollier is the head of government of Grand Paris, starting at an unspecified time.
The Cumberland and Westernport Electric Railway is a railway in the United States.
Joan Guinjoan received the Creu de Sant Jordi award at some point in time.
The 2007 Argyll and Bute Council election was a local election that took place in 2007.
Hugo Vidémont is a member of AC Ajaccio and was part of AC Ajaccio.
Leo Margulies is a human being, and his family name is Margulies.
Orfeón Donostiarra won the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts ( Spain ).
Lercara Friddi is located in the Metropolitan City of Palermo. The Metropolitan City of Palermo started in Lercara Friddi.
David Oyelowo plays a character in the film Selma.
Tales of Mystery & Imagination is an Edition (book) written by Edgar Allan Poe.
Anthony Cistaro plays a character in the TV series Witchblade.
Catharine MacKinnon was awarded the Wilbur Cross Medal at some point in time.
Wacha Koni is a human settlement in Kenya.
Ellinor Holland is the editor of Augsburger Allgemeine, which is published by Mediengruppe Pressedruck.
Ernst Jandl was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at some point in time.
Susan Marqusee won the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award at some point in time.
Vyacheslav Zaitsev was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour at some point in time.
Rolex is a food from Uganda.
Bruno Bertucci is a member of the Neftçi PFK team, whose career with Neftçi PFK started at an unspecified time.
José Luis Perlaza is a member of the Ecuador national football team, whose start time is not specified.
Myanmar Football Federation is a member of FIFA and was founded in 1948.
Limerick City Council was succeeded by Limerick City and County Council and was dissolved in 2014.
Najib Ammari is a member of the FC Viitorul Constanța team and joined them at an unknown start time.
Cyril Norman Hinshelwood received the Liversidge Award at some point in time.
The head coach of Hibernian FC is Paul Heckingbottom. The exact start time of Paul Heckingbottom's tenure as head coach of Hibernian FC is not specified.
The head of government in La Mata de Morella is Pedro Jose Calvo Castel, who is the mayor of La Mata.
Ekaterina Feoktistova graduated from the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology.
The Avro Anson Memorial is located in Western Australia, Australia.
Andrea Mazzuoli is a member of the Robur Siena team, which starts with Andrea Mazzuoli.
Novoandreyevka, Altai Krai is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which started on an unspecified time.
The Vadlamannadu railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Vadlamannadu railway station.
Kingsley James is a member of F.C. Halifax Town, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
The Marine Corps Individual Reserve Support Activity is located in Missouri, United States.
Gaston Miron received the Prix France-Québec.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video in a particular point in time.
Zastenka is located in the Samara Time zone and uses Samara Time as its starting time.
Armando Coroneaux started playing for Cuba.
Jonathan Bijimine played for the DR Congo national under-20 football team and was a part of it since the start.
Francesco Pescaroli is the architect of Certosa di Parma, which has the architectural style of Baroque architecture.
David Leestma is a crew member of STS-45.
Ruslan Jamshidov is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team. The start time of Ruslan Jamshidov in the Kyrgyzstan national football team is unknown.
Mohamed Naser is a citizen of the United Arab Emirates and has been part of the United Arab Emirates national football team since 2015.
Gerard Butler stars in the film 300.
The Manonga River is a river in Tanzania.
The List of power stations in Qatar is a list of power stations.
Pakka Di Saral is a union council in Pakistan.
Robin Quaison was a member of S.S.D. Palermo, whose season started at an unspecified time.
Eric Pang is married to Yao Jie and was a participant at the 2013 Dutch Badminton Championships – Men's singles.
Stefania Stanzani competed in the women's basketball event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nigishima Station, which was opened in 1959, is adjacent to Atashika Station.
Islecroft Stadium is located in Dumfries and Galloway.
Robert Plant is a winner of the Kennedy Center Honors, at a point in time.
Kablow station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Pope Callixtus II worked in Rome, which was in the country of Rome.
Rory Best played for the Ireland national rugby union team since 2005.
Corunna Downs Station is a pastoral lease in Australia.
Punggye Station is in the Time in North Korea zone, which is valid in this period.
Brzezina, Krapkowice County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00 and this time zone is valid in this period.
Rapido (train) is a passenger train in Canada.
Alcide d'Orbigny was awarded the Grande Médaille d'Or des Explorations at some point in time.
Greek National Road 66 is a road in Greece.
Musamba, Kenya is a human settlement in Kenya.
Risalpur is a human settlement in Pakistan.
The German submarine U-548 underwent keel laying, a significant event that occurred at a specific point in time.
Elliott Reid stars in the film The Absent-Minded Professor.
Chidi Osuchukwu is a member of FC Dynamo Brest and he started playing for the team.
Na Záhradkách Stadium is a stadium in Slovakia.
Angel v. Murray is a legal case in the United States.
Cass Winthrop is a fictional human and has the given name Cass.
The GWR 6959 Class 6990 Witherslack Hall was manufactured by Swindon Works at some point in time.
The Science & Faith Tour was a concert tour by The Script.
Alissa J. Rubin received the John Chancellor Award at some point in time.
Irfan Khan (footballer) is a member of the Indian Arrows team and the team's activities started at some point in time.
Warner Music Group owns Lava Records and Lava Records was a label of Warner Music Group.
Maaka is a tonal language found in the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
Kaspa is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which started on an unspecified time.
Mary Luke Tobin was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame at some point in time.
The headquarters of the ELAM (Latin American School of Medicine) Cuba is located in Havana, Cuba.
Walthamstow Central station is adjacent to Blackhorse Road station and the two stations are connected by a line.
Baldwin Locomotive Works manufactured the Santa Fe class 1158 locomotive.
Ariake Station (Nagano) is adjacent to Azumi-Oiwake Station, which is towards Azumi-Oiwake Station.
Liyabé Kpatoumbi played for the Togo national football team, which started playing in 1979.
Joseph S.B. Mitchell received the Gödel Prize at some point in time.
The Bridgeness Slab is located in East Dunbartonshire and is an object in East Dunbartonshire.
Karlskrona Municipality is twinned with Gdynia and the twinning with Gdynia started at an unknown time.
Krasnohvardiiske Raion is a region located in Russia.
Marianna Tolvanen is a member of the Finland women's national football team and has been part of the team since the start time.
Van Boetzelaer is a noble family and is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Metodi Tomanov played for the Bulgaria national football team.
The song "That International Rag" is a song and was performed by Belle Baker.
Antonio Piccolo is a member of Spezia Calcio and started playing for the team.
Wolfhart Pannenberg was awarded the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art at some point in time.
Amanda Forsyth is married to Pinchas Zukerman.
The Alfred Dunhill Cup is a golf tournament and is related to Golf.
Ralph Slatyer was awarded the Centenary Medal at some point in time.
Windycon is a science fiction convention that was established in 1973.
Sandrider is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Nirmal Jani is the director of photography in Patthar Ke Phool, which was made in India.
Moresby Under the Blitz was originally shown in English. The director of photography for Moresby Under the Blitz is Damien Parer.
Angela Debatin is a human and her given name is Angela.
Finlay MacDonald is a musician who plays the bagpipes and is a member of the MacDonald family.
Radio Bergeijk is a radio program from the Netherlands.
Jarchinio Antonia is a member of the Curaçao national football team, which he has been a part of since its start.
Laossina is in Setomaa Parish and was established on an unknown date.
Buffalo Trace Distillery is located in Frankfort, Kentucky, which is a country.
Dominique Rolin was awarded the Prix Femina at some point in time.
Alexandru Vlad is a member of the FC Voluntari team and joined them at an unknown start time.
The Habsburg Monarchy was a participant in the Second Northern War, which started in the Habsburg Monarchy.
Nottuln-Appelhülsen station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
The Bugline Trail is a rail trail in the United States.
Isaac Stern was the winner of the Polar Music Prize at some point in time.
Sergio Donadoni was awarded the Feltrinelli Prize at some point in time.
Nancy St. Alban was born in Baltimore, Maryland.
Charles Mayer, a composer, is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which is a source that makes a statement about him.
David Berry Hart was a contributor to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has David Berry Hart as its subject.
Cranbrook Memorial Arena is a sports venue in Canada.
Tim Phillipps played a character in the show Neighbours.
Giles de Braose served as Diocesan bishop of the diocese.
Davidson Charles is a member of the Safa SC, and he started playing for the team.
Philip Pullman contributed to the creative work or subject of 'Rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend', which is a notable work by Philip Pullman.
The South African Class 23 4-8-2 was manufactured by Berliner Maschinenbau.
Maforki Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Sierra Leone.
Serhiy Sydorchuk is a member of the Ukraine national football team. Serhiy Sydorchuk is associated with the Ukraine national football team, specifically the start time.
Numbers (spreadsheet) is a spreadsheet. Apple Inc. is the developer of Numbers (spreadsheet).
The Year of Magical Thinking won the National Book Award for Fiction.
Hombawa is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
The Calabar International Convention Centre is a convention center in Nigeria.
Billings Metropolitan Transit is a bus company in the United States.
Juninho Quixadá is a member of PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II, joining in an unspecified time.
TV Total (Uruguay) is a television channel that was launched in 2013.
Waaksamheyd (ship) is a ship from the Netherlands.
Ian Mariano played for the Guam national football team and joined the team in 2002.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rabat shares its border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat.
The Blue Brain Project is a Supercomputer made by IBM.
Estadio Hernando Siles was designed by Emilio Villanueva and was opened in 1930.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company is located in Chico, California, which is a country.
Jimmy'z is a business located in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
Ariya Astrobeat Arkestra is a musical ensemble that performs Afrobeat music.
West Harbour GO Station is adjacent to Aldershot GO Station and is located towards Aldershot GO Station.
Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan, written in ગુજરાતી, has won the Yuva Puraskar award.
The Birth of Venus (Bouguereau) originated in France and was created in France.
The Agusta CP-110 is a subclass of aircraft which first flew in 1951.
Fenedy Masauvakalo played for the Vanuatu national football team, which started at an unknown time.
The South African Dutton road-rail tractors are operated by Transnet Freight Rail and manufactured by Dennis Specialist Vehicles.
Joe Pruett edited Negative Burn, which is a comics anthology.
Marks Point, New South Wales is located in the Division of Shortland which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Atiqah Hasiholan is married to Rio Dewanto. The marriage of Atiqah Hasiholan and Rio Dewanto started at an unspecified time.
The List of Winnipeg City Routes is a Wikimedia list article that is about Canada.
Tomas Gustafson was the winner of the Speed skating at the 1988 Winter Olympics -- Men's 10,000 metres.
Borriol has Bartholomew the Apostle as its patron saint and shares a border with Sant Joan de Moró.
Athanasios Kanakaris was the father of Benizelos Roufos and his mother was Angeliki Kanakaris.
Kabak Too is a mountain range in Kyrgyzstan.
Jebb Sinclair was a member of London Irish and joined the team on 2012.
The Ghost Town Trail in Saskatchewan is a road in Canada.
Onobori Station, which was opened in 1955, is located adjacent to Nozawa Station.
Alexander Prokhorov was the winner of the Lenin Prize at some point in time.
The Expo Arena is a convention center in the United States.
The Hollinwood Branch Canal is a canal in the United Kingdom.
Jacques Delors received the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group at a certain point in time.
The Mackerras pendulum was named after Malcolm Mackerras, who is also its discoverer or inventor.
Balmangan Tower is located in Dumfries and Galloway and Dumfries and Galloway has a role with Balmangan Tower.
Dixie Carter was awarded the Theatre World Award.
Guillaume Franke played for the Germany national rugby union team, which started at an unspecified time.
DWRV is a radio station that was established in 1998.
Amy Harrison is a member of the Washington Spirit and her time with the team began at an unknown start time.
Youssou N'Dour received the Prince Claus Fund award at some point in time.
The Castle of Laeken is in the Neoclassical style of architecture and was designed by Charles de Wailly.
Jack Grealish, who was a member of a sports team, participated in the 2014-15 FA Cup.
Kurt Martin is the director of the Bavarian State Painting Collections and he started in this position.
Kazuo Shii is a member of the Japanese Communist Party, which was founded in 1922.
Saksi, Estonia is located in Tapa Parish and was established in Tapa Parish.
Michel Lefrançois de Lalande is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was married to Marie-Jeanne de Lalande.
Praia de Naufragados is a beach in Brazil.
Peter Hawlik played for SV Mattersburg, with his time at the club starting in [SV Mattersburg start time].
Chris Browning plays a character in the TV series Supergirl.
USRC Pawtuxet is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
The Vergatario is a cell phone model from Venezuela.
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority is located in the United States.
Here Comes the Judge (album) was preceded by Cool Sax, Warm Heart and was followed by Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway.
Flávio Cardoso is a member of the Funvic / Soul Brasil Pro Cycling team, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Brampton GO Station is adjacent to Bramalea GO Station, and Bramalea GO Station is towards Brampton GO Station.
Pacbitun is an archaeological site in Belize.
Borgo Storico Seghetti Panichi is a villa in Italy.
The N5 is a road in South Africa.
The 1982 Team Ice Racing World Championship is a sports season.
The 1968 New York City riot is a riot that occurred in the United States.
KemperSports is a golf company from the United States.
Jeff Cowan, a human, is a member of the Los Angeles Kings.
Janowo, Starogard County is located in Standard time zone UTC + 01:00. This time zone is valid.
Makin' Time is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
The Washington Redhawks is a publicity stunt from the United States.
Antonio Rossi participated in the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics -- Men's K-2 500 metres event and received an award.
The music genre of Daughter of Time is jazz and the album was written in English.
Mindelheim station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during Central European Time.
Celtophile Records is a record label that was founded in 1997.
Football West State League Division 1 is association football in Australia.
Hiroshi Otsuki is a member of the SP Kyoto FC team and he started playing for them.
Brasenose College, Oxford is located in Oxford, England.
Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov received the Elie Cartan Prize at some point in time.
Lal Americayil is from India and is in Malayalam.
The Tolkien Society was founded by Vera Chapman and is named after J.R.R. Tolkien.
Giorgio Stivanello was born in Venice, Italy.
Linksfield railway station is located in Moray, United Kingdom.
Dorian Lévêque played for En Avant de Guingamp, which he joined at some point in time.
Georges Darboy held the position of Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Malente is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in Malente.
Vanderlei Farias da Silva was a member of Santos FC.
Karen Khachaturian received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at some point in time.
Marina Fernández is a member of the Andorra women's national football team, which has a start time.
Ali Sanad is a member of the Qatar national football team, and he started playing for them.
Spring Snow, a film from Japan, stars Sousuke Takaoka.
Namadagala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Tuc Watkins plays a character in the movie Miracle in Lane 2.
The Federal Equestrian Park is a park in France.
Franz Ignaz von Beecke was a student of Christoph Willibald Gluck and spoke German.
Pearl Jam has won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video.
Maria Rentmeister lives in Paris and Paris is the start time of Maria Rentmeister.
Reginald Tebbs, known as Reginald, is a member of Berkshire County Cricket Club.
Alabert Fogarasi was awarded the Kossuth Prize at some point in time.
The Manchester Observer is a newspaper that was established in 1818.
The List of television stations in Minnesota is a list of television stations, which is a type of Wikimedia list article.
Lev Leshchenko was awarded the People's Artist of the RSFSR at some point in time.
The Comp Air 8 is an aircraft model from the United States.
Rosen Vankov is a member of the SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo and was part of the team at the start time.
Dan Evans was born in Birmingham, which is a city in the United Kingdom.
Philip D. Morgan won the Bancroft Prize at a certain point in time.
Jordan Ferri was a member of the sports team that participated in the 2016-17 UEFA Europa League.
Jacqueline Emerson plays a character in the film The Hunger Games.
Strategy X is a video game developed by Konami, which uses a joystick as an input method.
The Airdrome Sopwith Camel is a United States aircraft.
Antonio Bellanco Fernandez is the head of government in Eljas, the Mayor of Eljas.
Damian Gjini was a member of the Albania national under-21 football team and was part of the team from the start.
Vagit Alekperov was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour at some point in time.
The Grand River Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in the United States.
Martyn Waghorn participated in the 2007-08 Premier League and was a member of a sports team in the 2007-08 Premier League.
Lepaca Kliffoth is an English language Avant-garde metal band.
Harold Masursky received the G.K. Gilbert Award at some point in time.
Maharaj Kishan Bhan was awarded the HK Firodia awards at some point in time.
Citrana is a human settlement in East Timor.
The USS McCulloch (1897) was a ship in the United States Navy.
Frances Conroy plays a character in the TV show How I Met Your Mother.
Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Solger is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Mosholu Parkway station is adjacent to Bedford Park Boulevard -- Lehman College station, and Bedford Park Boulevard -- Lehman College station is in the direction of Mosholu Parkway station.
The North Karachi Industrial Area was established in Pakistan on 01 January 1974.
Science in Action is a television show from the United States.
Sande society is a secret society in Guinea.
Alon Abelski, whose country is Germany, plays for SpVgg Unterhaching.
Patrick Schelling is a member of Team Vorarlberg Santic and started with the team.
Jack Ladyman earned an Associate degree and was educated at an institution that also grants Associate degrees.
Utah State Route 181 (1935-2007) terminated in Salt Lake City, which is located in the direction of Salt Lake City.
Biu Plateau is a volcano in Nigeria.
Kirklington and Edingley railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Reuven Rubin won the Israel Prize in 1975.
Handarap Lake is a reservoir in Pakistan.
DeMarco Murray was the winner of the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award.
Whitefield Park is located in South Lanarkshire, which has Whitefield Park.
Tamfourhill is located in Falkirk Council and is part of Falkirk Council.
Morgan Schneiderlin participated in the 2008-09 Football League Championship, which was a season in which he was a member of a sports team.
Murmansk Oblast is located in Russia and is a part of Russia since an unspecified date.
The EDSA railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone. The Philippine Standard Time is valid in this period.
Mark Herring is the Attorney General of Virginia. He started as the Attorney General of Virginia.
The film Animal Kingdom was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Production Design.
Tamara de Lempicka is represented by the Artists Rights Society, which has a role in relation to Tamara de Lempicka.
The Maryland Terrapins football team under Jim Tatum was an American football team season and played American football.
La Dauphine is a ship from France.
The MG Rover Group is located in Longbridge, which is a country.
Tommy Boy Records is based in New York City, which is a country.
PubPeer is a website that was launched in October 2012.
The Ambasador Hotel is a hotel in Serbia.
FVWM95 is a free software that is based on FVWM.
Beluj (village) is located in Slovakia, with no start time mentioned.
The Great Calusa Paddling Trail is a water trail in the United States.
Nikola Ivanov, a footballer, was a member of the FC Oborishte Panagyurishte team from an unknown start time.
Volker Strassen won the Knuth Prize at some point in time.
Robert Mileski was a member of Sydney United 58 FC, he joined the team at an unknown start time.
Arthur Smith Woodward was awarded the Mary Clark Thompson Medal at some point in time.
Ulan Konysbayev is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team and was part of the team's start time.
Jack Phillips, born 1903, who is a human being, played for Southend United F.C.
Mohamed Amine Ben Amor is a member of the Tunisia national football team and the team started with him.
Welgahawadiya is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Greg Van Avermaet was a member of the CCC Pro Team and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Dale Ellis was the winner of the NBA Most Improved Player Award at some point in time.
The National Theater in Richmond, Virginia has the Renaissance Revival style of architecture.
John Leguizamo plays a character in the movie Romeo + Juliet.
Gentlemen & Assassins is a rock and pop band from the United States.
José Emilio Pacheco received the Xavier Villaurrutia Award at some point in time.
Doonie Point is located in Aberdeenshire and is an object in Aberdeenshire.
Dmitry Korobov, a human, is a member of HC Spartak Moscow.
Greek National Road 97 is a road in Greece.
Helen Stephens was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame at some point in time.
James Bethea has a role in the film Iron Man (2008).
Hämelerwald station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in the same period.
Geir Gulliksen, a writer, received the Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment at some point in time.
Moussa Doumbia played for the Burkina Faso national football team, which started in 2014.
Steffen Grummt is married to Kornelia Ender, however, there is no information about the start time of their relationship.
A.S.F. Gow was awarded the Kenyon Medal at some point in time.
The Western Illinois Leathernecks are part of the Summit League, which started in an unknown year.
Alex Gersbach was a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team, which started with Alex Gersbach.
Maartje Nevejan received the Golden Calf for Best Actress at some point in time.
Ross Hutchinson was the Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. He was also a member of the South Fremantle Football Club.
Salim Ben Boina was a member of Athlético Marseille.
Bellmount Forest is located in the Division of Eden-Monaro.
Pheriche is a human settlement in Nepal.
Lev Sverdlin was born in Astrakhan, Russia.
Bradley Johnson, who was a member of a sports team, participated in the 2005-06 FA Cup.
The Sardinian Action Party is based in Italy.
Evelyn Macleod, Baroness Macleod of Borve is married to Iain Macleod. She speaks English.
A Journey to Arzrum was written in Russian and published in the Russian Empire.
Mikko Pukka, a human, is a member of the Vaasan Sport team.
Alfred Bester received the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award at some point in time.
Calvin Gotlieb is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery at some point in time.
Mihir Chowdhury received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at some point in time.
The Ben Maller Show is a radio program from the United States.
Dylan Naputi was a member of the Guam national under-17 football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Gesturi is located in the Province of South Sardinia, which is the province where Gesturi is located.
Fina Rifà lives in El Camp de l'Arpa del Clot, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
The District Council of Willunga is located in Australia. The date of its establishment is unknown.
The Olympus C-3000 Zoom is a digital camera model manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Luxembourg contains the administrative territory of Grevenmacher District (which ended).
Dale Dye plays a character in the film JFK.
Amass Amankona is a member of the Real Monarchs.
Carthage School District is a school district in the United States, which is located in the United States.
Percy Schmeiser has received the Right Livelihood Award at some point in time.
Miguel Primo de Rivera received the Order of the White Lion at some point in time.
Vincent Tarzia is the chairperson of the South Australian House of Assembly and he started as chairperson at some unknown time.
Jorge Ortiz (Argentine footballer) is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano and started his career at Club Atlético Belgrano.
Beefeater Gin is distributed by Pernod Ricard, which started distributing it.
Charles D. Gemar is an astronaut employed by NASA.
Aleksandr Khanov was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at some point in time.
Mari Jászai was the spouse of Vidor Kassai and is buried at Kerepesi Cemetery.
Murad Hüseynov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team. The start time for the Azerbaijan national football team is not specified.
Wolfgang Porsche was born in Stuttgart, Germany.
VConnect is headquartered in Surulere, Surulere is the country where VConnect is headquartered.
Elizabeth Oakes Smith was married to Seba Smith and was buried in Patchogue, New York.
Susanna Terracini was awarded the Vinti Prize at some point in time.
The Stade Municipal ( Notsé ) is a stadium in Togo.
Sims Creek is a river in the United States.
Irene Lindh received the Litteris et Artibus award at some point in time.
Khadake is located in Maharashtra, India.
Nimba National Forest is a forest in Liberia.
The Haw River Trail is a trail in the United States.
Cordy Milne, who is married to Lili St. Cyr, is a human being.
Robert C. Evans was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Muscota Marsh is a park in the United States.
L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli is a botanical garden in Italy.
Wesley College (Belize) is located in Belize City and is located in Belize City, Belize.
Nicolas Verdier is a member of KV Mechelen and started his career with the team.
Paul Jolicoeur received the Léo-Pariseau Prize at some point in time.
The capital of Rechytsa District is Rechytsa and the district shares borders with Khoiniki District.
Flicko's Video Services is a business that was founded in 2003.
Tani otoshi is a judo technique.
Benni Efrat is a resident of Amsterdam and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Local Heroes is a documentary film from the United Kingdom.
Rayshawn Jenkins, a human, is a member of the Miami Hurricanes football team.
Antoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen.
Andrei Chasovskikh was a member of the FC Tambov team, whose activities began at an unknown time.
Erik Stensiö was awarded the Wollaston Medal at some point in time.
Tanya Samarzich is a member of the Mexico women's national football team and the Mexico women's national football team started with her.
Aleksander Koj was awarded the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at some point in time.
Douan is a human settlement in Pakistan.
Cristian Tănase is a member of the Romania national football team, whose career started in the past.
U.S. Pianese is in the Serie C league, Serie C starts with U.S. Pianese.
Robert Mood received the Fritt Ord Award at some point in time.
Figini is a human settlement in Kenya.
Shinya Yamanaka received the Asahi Prize in 2007.
Ovidiu Perianu was a member of the Romania national under 17 football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Second Set was born on 28 April 1988 and is a male.
Renee Wickcliffe is a human being who is in a relationship with Portia Woodman.
Lisa Wengler is a citizen of Luxembourg and has played for the Luxembourg women's national football team since 2013.
Aladeen Younes is a member of Al Sadd SC, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
The Calhoun Mansion is a building in the United States.
The Pop! The Balloon Dog Puzzle Game is a single-player video game for Microsoft Windows.
Seroglazovo is located in the Moscow Time zone, where Moscow Time ends.
Robert J. Harrison was awarded the Sidney Fernbach Award at some point in time.
Marilyn Farquhar received the FASEB Excellence in Science Award at some point in time.
Berry Global is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana, which is a country.
George Lewis (trombonist) received the American Book Awards at some point in time.
OZ Group is a Società per azioni and works in the automotive industry.
George Panapa is a member of the Tuvalu national futsal team and was part of the team from the start.
Magi : Adventure of Sinbad is a work published by Shogakukan, which is in Japanese.
Robert S. Langer was awarded the Perkin Medal.
Home Farm F.C. plays in the League of Ireland and their home ground is Whitehall Stadium.
Conor Murray is a member of Munster Rugby.
The Tommy Bahama Challenge is a golf tournament in the United States.
Radzisław Arlowski, a human, is a member of the FC Starye Dorogi team.
George McLaughlan, a human, is a member of Clydebank F.C.
The Butcher Boy (1997), starring Pat McGrath, was directed by Adrian Biddle.
Kevin Murphy (linebacker), a human, is a member of the Seattle Seahawks team.
York railway station is named after York and is a Grade II* listed building.
Náinari Lake is an artificial lake in Mexico.
Jill Tietjen is a human and her given name is Jill.
Raymond L. White was awarded the Charles S. Mott Prize at some point in time.
Alert Ready is an emergency population warning in Canada.
Los Angeles City Council District 3 is an electoral district in the United States.
Emy Roeder received the Würzburg Cultural Prize at some point in time.
Roy Dwight scored the goal in the 1959 FA Cup Final and is a member of Charlton Athletic.
Harib Al-Saadi is a citizen of Oman and was part of the Oman national football team which started in 1996.
Battersby Hats is a business that was founded on January 1st, 1895.
Kevin Michael Richardson is the voice actor of Samurai Jack.
Hallgeir Brenden was awarded the Aftenposten Gold Medal at some point in time.
Agostinho da Silva was awarded the Ordem do Mérito Cultural at some point in time.
William R. Pogue is an astronaut employed by NASA.
The Golden State Entering New York Harbor is located in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and was acquired by the Metropolitan Museum of Art at an unspecified start time.
Zhores Alferov won the Demidov Prize.
Boom Selection is a single that was published on 01 January 2001.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is the author of The Song of Hiawatha, which is a notable work.
Rjukan Station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in that period.
Craig Venter was awarded the Biotechnology Heritage Award at some point in time.
Hemmerle is a company located in Munich, Germany.
Jean-Jacques Becker received the Grand prix Gobert at some point in time.
Daniel Godoy is a member of the Venezuela national football team, which began in 2015.
The Erligang culture is an archaeological culture from China.
Benjamin Garcia played for the France national rugby league team, which started at an unspecified time.
Michael Dorn directed the movie In the Cards and played a character role in it.
Roxey Fer is a member of the Suriname national football team and was part of the team from the start.
Eder Arreola was a member of the Ventura County Fusion team from an unknown start time.
Change Congress is an organization that was established in 2008.
Tor Arne Andreassen played for FK Haugesund, and his time with the team started.
Kurt Maflin is a human, and his given name is Kurt.
The music for Walking Tall ( TV series ) is written by Edd Kalehoff and the series is in English.
Tore Zetterholm won the Dobloug Prize at some point in time.
Pogromets is a village in Russia.
LeVar Burton plays a character in the episode Suspicions of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Chodang University is located in Muan County, Muan County is a location in a country.
The TV series Let's Stay Together is in English and the composer is Al Green.
Rabah Slimani is a member of the Stade Français. He started playing for Stade Français.
Nikolai Panin represented Russia in the Men's special figures event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Jane Evrard is married to Gaston Poulet. The start time of Gaston Poulet is not provided.
Viveca Paulin is married to Will Ferrell. However, there is no information about the start time of their relationship.
Austin Mahone received the MTV Europe Music Award for Artist on the Rise at some point in time.
Anguilla Football Association is a member of FIFA and was affiliated with FIFA since 1996.
Brad Bird is the voice actor of Incredibles 2, where he also plays a character role.
Opole is twinned with Potsdam, although it is unclear when this twinning started.
O Yuki Conjugate is a band (rock and pop) that was founded in 1982.
Oscar Homolka plays a character in the film Mission to Moscow.
Ivan Klapez lives in London, which is his residence, and it is also the start time of his association with the city.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association is the occupant of Dahlberg Arena which was opened on December 18, 1953.
The Jenny Lind private railroad car, named after Jenny Lind, is a railroad car.
The Anoka County Sheriff's Office in Minnesota, United States was established in 1857.
Lawrence Davies, a human, is a member of Leeds United F.C.
Steven Robertson stars in the TV series In the Flesh.
The Shuttered Room originates from the United Kingdom and is set in Massachusetts.
Vasili Potekhin, whose country is Russia, plays for FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan.
Between the Lions is in English and was produced by Christopher Cerf.
Paul Samuelson received the John Bates Clark Medal at some point in time.
Cairns Castle is located in West Lothian and West Lothian has Cairns Castle as an object.
The 1793 Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic was an epidemic.
The Geological Society of Washington is an organization from the United States.
The Colorado Avalanche -- Detroit Red Wings brawl is an ice hockey event in the United States.
Vito Wormgoor is a member of SK Brann, and he started with the team.
Paul Bragg is employed by MetLife and started working at MetLife.
The USC&GS Patton (ASV-80) is a ship from the United States.
The Drifting Classroom is written in Japanese and originates from Japan.
Algis Budrys was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Related Work.
Cecil Leach, also known as Edward, is a member of Somerset County Cricket Club.
Poorna Market is a neighbourhood in India.
Eugene Baker, a human, is a member of the Kent State Golden Flashes football team.
Robert W. Field was awarded the E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy at some point in time.
Gaffer tape is a type of pressure-sensitive tape, invented in 1959.
The Espace botanique du Frasnois is a botanical garden in France.
Monka is a human settlement in Bhutan.
The Birmingham Coal Company, a business, is headquartered in Philadelphia.
Darren Emerson is a member of the band Underworld and is in a relationship with Kate Thornton.
The Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz is located in Bonn, which is a country.
Richard Marcone was a member of Trapani Calcio and started playing for the team.
Gabe Newell has been the chief executive officer of Valve Corporation since his start.
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge was produced by Def Leppard and is available on Compact disc.
Arturo Alcaraz received the Ramon Magsaysay Award at some point in time.
Shezan International is a business that was founded on January 1st, 1964.
Michael Bethel played for Renegades FC, and his stint with the team started.
George Harold Brown, whose given name is George, was awarded the IEEE Fellow award.
The Institute for Manufacturing was established in 1998 in the United Kingdom.
Giulio Bizzotto was a member of A.S. Cittadella and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Rudolfo Anaya won the American Book Awards at some point in time.
The DR Class 99.23-24 was operated by the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways, which began in April 1907.
Shahbaz Nadeem is a member of the Delhi Capitals team.
Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá is located in Texas, United States.
Johann Friedrich Schultz was educated at the University of Königsberg. He was a student of Jakob Sigismund Beck.
The Domaine du Mont d'Arbois was designed by Henry Jacques Le Même and was opened in 1924.
The film Second Life was distributed by NOS Audiovisuais and is in the Portuguese language.
Arrow Films, a business, is based in Hertfordshire.
Palazzo Luraschi, Milan is a palace in Italy.
Harald T. Friis discovered power amplifier classes, although no specific point in time is mentioned.
Darron Gibson was a member of the team that participated in the 2015-16 FA Cup.
Point Britomart is located in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.
Aziz Ansari plays the role in Parks and Recreation season 5.
Oulu Province shares its borders with Savolax and Karelia County and was abolished at some point in time.
The Dhaka Pop Culture Expo was established in Bangladesh on 01 January 2013.
Werner Hofmann, a physicist, received the Stern -- Gerlach Medal at some point in time.
Valtteri Bottas is a member of the team that won the 2019 Australian Grand Prix, which was won by Valtteri Bottas.
Lao Issara is a group action (sociology) in Laos.
Erik Neutsch was awarded the Heinrich Mann Prize at some point in time.
Johannes Willebrands was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
Walter Koenig plays a character in the TV series Babylon 5.
The Budge Budge railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Budge Budge railway station is valid in the Indian Standard Time period.
AEK Larnaca FC participated in the 1997 -- 98 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at AEK Larnaca FC.
The novel Temple is written in English and originates from Australia.
Denis Tillinac won the Prix Jacques Chardonne at some point in time.
Justine Greening was the Secretary of State for Education.
Rope and Breasts is a film that was originally shown in Japanese and was distributed by Nikkatsu.
Lekhwair Airport is an airport in Oman.
Pamela Scott Wilkie, whose given name is Pamela, attended the University of Reading.
Tom Cullen is a partner of Tatiana Maslany, and they started together.
Vladislav Galkin played a role in The Master and Margarita.
George Feher was awarded the Wolf Prize in Chemistry.
Eppleton Colliery Welfare Ground is a sports venue in the United Kingdom.
Dennis Telgenkamp is a member of the FC Emmen team, he started playing for the team.
Stormlord is a power metal band from Rome.
Aleksandr Borodkin, a human, is a member of FC Dynamo Moscow.
Jesus Javier Gimeno Guillen is the head of government in Paniza, the mayor of Paniza.
The play Tempe Restored was written by Aurelian Townshend.
Emilio Francisco Cabeza Martinez is the head of government in Quintana del Castillo, who holds the office of mayor of Quintana del Castillo.
Jack Adams (ice hockey, born 1920) is a human and played in the National Hockey League.
Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend is a Doraemon film. Chikao Ohtsuka provides the voice for Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend.
Loola Adventure Resort is a hotel in Indonesia.
Pavel Popovich was awarded the Order of the Red Star at some point in time.
Carolyn Cohen received the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
Janet Yellen was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point.
The Autaz-mirim River is a river in Brazil.
Kley Bejarano is a member of the Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC and played for the team at some point in time.
Sim Woon-sub, who attended Gangnung Jeil High School, played for Nay Pyi Taw FC.
James H. Elmsley is a Brigadier general.
Yvette Coppersmith graduated from the Victorian College of the Arts.
Shir La'Ahava (Yachad) is a song that was released in 1999.
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, known as Jorge, is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Palle Makuruppe is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Kelvin Leerdam is a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse. The start time of SBV Vitesse is not specified.
Rachel Webster graduated from Monash University with an academic degree.
RAF Prestwick is located in South Ayrshire and South Ayrshire is the administrative territorial entity of RAF Prestwick.
Urtatau is a hamlet in Russia.
The Marion Correctional Institution in Marion, Florida, was established in 1976. The Marion Correctional Institution is operated by the Florida Department of Corrections.
Marlies Göhr was awarded the Star of People's Friendship.
The 1977 Women's Junior World Handball Championship was organized by the International Handball Federation and took place in Romania.
Anemosa is a human settlement in Arcadia.
Yanco is located in the Division of Farrer, where it is an object.
Stary Kalkash is a hamlet in Russia.
Pare ta Chnaria Mou is a song performed by Stelios Kazantzidis.
T.E. Kebbel was a member of the Inner Temple and was admitted to the Inner Temple at an unknown start time.
Beaver's Pond Press was established in 1998 in the United States.
Trichardtsfontein Dam is a dam in South Africa.
Adebayo Adigun is a member of the sports team FK Ventspils and joined FK Ventspils at an unknown start time.
Dave Taylor won the King Clancy Memorial Trophy.
The 291st Engineer Combat Battalion (United States) is an Engineer Combat Battalion from the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg received the Rungstedlund Award at some point in time.
A.T. Gifford is a ship from the United States.
Matej Podstavek is a member of the FC Fredericia team and joined FC Fredericia at an unknown start time.
Ajay Maroo is a human, and his given name is Ajay.
Manoj Joshi (actor) received the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor at some point in time.
Tivadar Uray received the Kossuth Prize.
Joyce Meyer works in St. Louis, which is a city.
Kyzyl-Ozyok is located in the Omsk Time zone and the Omsk Time ended in Kyzyl-Ozyok.
Vera Evison attended Prendergast School, which she left at the end time.
Nikolai Utkin graduated from the Imperial Academy of Arts.
Knut Hauge (writer) received the Aschehoug Prize at some point in time.
Siege in Fog is a television series from China.
Martin Harnik is a member of the Austria national football team and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Dwikora Harbour is a harbor in Indonesia.
The film Quest for Camelot is based on the work The King's Damosel, which was written by the author of The King's Damosel.
Allison Tolman was born in Houston, Texas.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is the author of A Psalm of Life.
The San Rafael National Park was created on 29 May 1992. San Rafael National Park falls under the IUCN category II: National Park.
Betzaida Ubri is a member of the Dominican Republic women's national football team and was part of the team at the start time.
Ciarán Hinds plays a character in the film Justice League.
Shadows of Liberty is from the United Kingdom and is in the English language.
Jeremy Irons plays a character in the film Kingdom of Heaven.
David Carreira won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Portuguese Act and this was the time he received the award.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Music Video.
The University of Oregon is a member of the Pac-12 Conference, which it joined at an unspecified start time.
State Pariyatti Sasana University, Mandalay is a university in Myanmar.
Jason Robert Brown won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical.
Jamal Blackman was a participant in the 2014-15 Football League Championship and was a member of a sports team in the 2014-15 Football League Championship.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects.
Narendra Modi was a participant at the 2017 SCO summit.
Voskan Yerevantsi lives in Amsterdam and started in Amsterdam.
The Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Costume Design is an award from Bangladesh.
Max Barry has won the Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel.
Cooks'Cottage is located in Australia, with an unknown start time.
A. Brooks Harris received the Lars Onsager Prize at some point in time.
Colin Ingram is a member of the Karachi Kings team and his stint with the team started at an unknown time.
Peter Comensoli was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
Simon Armitage has won the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry at some point in time.
Alla Danko received the Merited Artist of the Russian Federation award. Her native language is Russian.
Alan G. Poindexter was a crew member of the STS-122 mission.
Myles McKeon was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Korean Air Flight 858 was located in the Andaman Sea at a specific point in time.
John Fairweather was the architect of The Apollo, Glasgow, which opened on 5 September 1973.
Gérard Gasiorowski was born in Paris, Paris.
D.B. Brinquedos, a business, is located in Brazil.
Wangtan, Jiangsu is a village in China.
The William F. Ekstrom Library is a library in the United States.
Syd Goodfellow, known as Syd, played for Chesterfield F.C.
Ruth Chatterton was born in New York City, which is a country.
Make Me Wanna Scream, from the United States, is the sequel to Breathe (Blu Cantrell song).
Roger L. Greene received the Bruno Klopfer Award at some point in time.
Rosemary Lowe-McConnell was awarded the Linnean Medal at some point in time.
The Bicksler Block is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Bombay Company was founded in 1978 and is located in New Orleans.
Les Pyjamasques is a book series from France.
Jack Elwyn Evans, a human, is a member of the Broughton Rangers team.
Evensk is located in the Vladivostok Time zone, and Vladivostok Time ends.
The 2007 FILA World Grappling Championship was a wrestling event held in 2007.
Kader Mangane is a citizen of Senegal and started playing for the Senegal national football team.
Adrian Ucchino is a member of the APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC, and he started playing for the team.
Michael Maar received the Heinrich Mann Prize at some point in time.
Dmitri Kabutov played for FC Luch Vladivostok, with his tenure starting at an unknown time.
Viktoria Helgesson participated in the ladies' singles figure skating event at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Anja Fichtel participated in the women's foil event at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award in that event.
Glen Spey Distillery is in Moray, where the local authority is Moray.
Oncieu is located in the Canton of Ambérieu-en-Bugey, which was established at some unknown time.
Dorogino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which started on an unspecified time.
Planet 24 is a business that was founded in 1992.
Tim Hardaway was a member of the NBA All-Rookie Team.
Dylan Baker has received the Theatre World Award at some point in time.
Agam Regency is an administrative area of West Sumatra which started in an unknown time.
Artemidoros Aniketos was the son of Maues and had a child called Telephos Euergetes.
Paul Johansson plays a character role in the film Atlas Shrugged: Part I, which was directed by Paul Johansson.
Chida, Pakistan is a human settlement in Pakistan.
The moon Larissa was discovered by David J. Tholen and is a moon of Neptune.
Jonathan Bolingi, a human, is a member of the Jomo Cosmos F.C. team.
The musician Sting is the father of Mickey Sumner and plays the Double bass.
Stephen O'Rahilly delivered the Croonian Lecture.
Daniel Ricciardo received the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year at some point in time.
Isabella Rossellini stars as a character in the TV series Alias.
Popara is a dish from Turkey.
Ponte de Praia da Barra is a bridge in Portugal.
Richard Bohn is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is a source that makes a statement about Richard Bohn.
Turkey Town, Alabama is a ghost town in the United States.
Henning Larsen received the Eckersberg Medal at some point in time.
Leon Mestel was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at some point in time.
Jamie Greubel participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics two-woman bobsleigh event and received an award for it.
Norbert Csernyánszki is a member of Paksi FC and his time at Paksi FC started.
DekaBank ( Germany ) is a subsidiary of S Broker AG & Co. KG and a member of Deutscher Dialogmarketing Verband.
Pariah is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Usher L. Burdick graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School.
Brickyard Creek is a river in the United States.
Alisa Camplin was awarded the Australian Sports Medal at a certain point in time.
Treasure Box is written in English and published by HarperCollins.
Abdul Sattar Edhi received the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize at some point in time.
Knutsford Little Theatre is a trade union that was established in 1925.
The Helsinki Motor Show was established in 1996 in Finland.
Andrés Ayala is a member of the sports team GC Biaschesi, and he joined GC Biaschesi at an unknown start time.
David Veness is an employee of the Metropolitan Police Service.
Manjul Bhargava received the Fields Medal at some point in time.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 390 is a road in Canada.
Marco Tizza is a member of the Amore & Vita -- Prodir team and started his career with them.
Mamadou Diallo, who was born in 1982, was a member of the A.F.C. Tubize football team at some point.
The 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship was part of the European Water Polo Championship and followed previous championships.
Joey Barton participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship and was a member of a sports team in that competition.
Denny Moore was awarded the MacArthur Fellows Program at some point in time.
Akapei Latu is a human who practices Judo.
Thomas Lewis (cardiologist) received the Croonian Lecture at some point in time.
Clara Barton Parkway is operated by the National Park Service and is named after Clara Barton.
Reel Theatres is a cinema chain in the United States.
Victor Morin was awarded the Pierre Chauveau Medal at some point in time.
Jonathan Frakes plays a character in the TV episode Loud as a Whisper.
Avid Technology is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, which is a city located in the country.
Krzysztof Penderecki was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at some point in time.
S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan received the National Medal of Science at some point in time.
Yun Humyong won the Yi Sang Literary Award at some point in time.
Ingenia Technology is a business that was founded in 2003.
Paul Brandon Barringer graduated from the University of Virginia and is buried in the University of Virginia Cemetery.
Hettenshaw Valley is a valley in the United States.
John Ricard was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Walter Kingsmill was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at some point in time.
The Meagre Company is located at the Rijksmuseum and the Meagre Company started at the Rijksmuseum.
Naganuma Station (Shizuoka), which was opened in 1908, is located adjacent to Yunoki Station (Fuji).
The B.C. Catholic is a periodical literature that was established in 1929.
David L. Mills received the IEEE Internet Award at some point in time.
Gordon Elliott Fogg was awarded the Leeuwenhoek Lecture at some point in time.
Family Forensics UK is a reality television television series.
Borkowice, Brzeg County is located in Standard time zone UTC + 01 : 00.
Helen Durham graduated from the University of Melbourne with a degree from the University of Melbourne.
Mandeep Singh is a human who plays Field hockey.
Archery is a sport at the Asian Games.
The Johan Bruyneel Cycling Academy is a cycling team from the United States.
Farhan Roslan is a member of the Malaysia national under-23 football team. The team's start time is not specified.
Erwin Engeler was a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery at some point in time.
Najib Tareque attended Rajshahi Collegiate School.
Elizabeth Rona was awarded the Haitinger Prize at some point in time.
Marcel Langsam was awarded the Prix Grand-Duc Adolphe at some point in time.
Valentin Pokrovsky was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation at some point in time.
Artur Maloyan was born in Krasnodar, Russia.
John Weidman was the winner of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at some point in time.
Panatale is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Alain Mogès was a member of Calais RUFC and played for Calais RUFC at some point.
Dominic Keating plays a character in the film Fallen Hero.
The Newcastle Emlyn Urban District is located in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Omar Guerra is a member of the Santiago Morning and was a part of the team at the start.
Merneith was a member of the First Dynasty of Egypt and her place of burial was Abydos, Egypt.
Iwanami Station, which was opened in 1944, is adjacent to Susono Station.
Dadi Pudumjee won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at some point in time.
Irene Rigau is a member of the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia political party. She was a member of the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia.
Chisnall Hall Colliery is a coal mine in the United Kingdom.
Sarah Louise Rung was awarded the Aftenposten Gold Medal at some point in time.
Zhang Juanjuan won the 2006 Archery World Cup, she competed together with others.
Kim Little is from Scotland and has played for the Scotland women's national football team since the start time.
Tendai Station, which is located adjacent to Anagawa Station (Chiba), was opened on 12 June 1991.
Amos Oz won the Franz Kafka Prize at some point in time.
Dwayne Sawyer is known as Dwayne and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Fukuyama Station is connected to the Fukuen Line and the Fukuen Line is operated from Fukuyama Station.
Shangzhi is located in Harbin and started at an unspecified time in Harbin.
Nehemia Solossa is a member of PS Barito Putera and played for PS Barito Putera at some point in time.
Fairbank station is named after Fairbank, Toronto and is located on Eglinton Avenue.
Mitsuru Miyamoto graduated from Hokkaido University and studied at Hokkaido University.
John P. Hannah was a senior advisor, starting from an unspecified time.
Vladimir Gabulov was awarded the Russian Federation Presidential Certificate of Honour at some point in time.
Karak is a mascot character from Australia.
Florian Ayé was a member of AJ Auxerre, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
Stary Onokhoy is a village in Russia.
Lewis C. Cantley received the Heinrich Wieland Prize at some point in time.
Nights in Harlem follows I Can Make It Better and was followed by I Know (Luther Vandross song).
The comic book Animal Man was written by Grant Morrison and published by DC Comics.
Blake Jenner is a cast member of the TV series Glee, where he plays a character role.
Nizami, Sabirabad is located in Sabirabad District and is situated in Sabirabad District.
An Eye on X is written in English and originates from the United Kingdom.
Bilozerka Raion is in the Kherson Oblast (which began on an unknown date).
Taymuraz Toboyev played for FC Guria Lanchkhuti, which started at an unspecified time.
Gregory Peck was awarded the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at some point in time.
The Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway is a narrow gauge railway in the United Kingdom.
Andrey Kolmogorov was awarded the Lobachevsky Prize at some point in time.
AS Monaco FC is owned by Dmitry Rybolovlev, but this information does not specify the start time of the ownership.
Kowich is a human settlement in South Sudan.
The keel laying of the German submarine U-993 was a significant event and it occurred at a specific point in time.
The artist Captain Beefheart, a member of the Abstract expressionism movement, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Sparky J's is a jazz club in the United States.
Keiynan Lonsdale plays a character in the TV series The Flash (2014).
Johan van Nes worked in Italy.
Yvonne Drewry is a relative of James Sidney Drewry and James Sidney Drewry is a type of kinship for Yvonne Drewry.
Keiko Kishi is a cast member of The Fossil, which is from Japan.
Constantinos Panagi was a member of the Cyprus national under-21 football team, whose start time is not specified.
The Sam Wanamaker Award is an award that was established in 1994.
Bryan Clarke was awarded the Linnean Medal at some point in time.
Josua Tuisova, known as Josua, is a member of Lyon OU.
Gabriel Pigrée is a member of the French Guiana national football team and was part of the team's start time.
Yeardley Smith is the voice actor of Lisa Simpson in The Simpsons Movie.
Cody Claver was a member of the SC Cambuur team and played for SC Cambuur.
The Palace of the Countess of Lebrija is a Bien de Interés Cultural and has held this designation since its inception.
Georgi Kyoseivanov was born in Peshtera, which is a city.
Metten Abbey is part of the Bavarian Congregation and was founded in 766.
Alun Armstrong played a role in the 1997 film The Saint.
Ex Libris is a party game published by Oxford Games.
The Arkansas City High School (Arkansas) is in the Colonial Revival architectural style and is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The MV Spirit of Chartwell is a ship from the United Kingdom.
Dimitri Payet is a member of the France national football team.
Andrew Stewart Mackenzie was the Chief Executive Officer of BHP.
The 71st Academy Awards took place on 21 March 1999 at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.
Xavier Dolan has won the Québec Cinéma Award for Best Film.
Wisconsin Miss Basketball is basketball in the United States.
Agro ParisTech is located in Paris, Paris.
Andrew O'Hagan was the winner of the E.M. Forster Award at some point in time.
Ernest Noble was awarded the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
Curling is the Co-operators Cup in Canada.
Sonarang Twin Temples is a Matha in Bangladesh.
Etonkids Bilingual Kindergarten is a school in China.
Michail Antonio, who was a member of a sports team, participated in the 2011-12 FA Cup.
George Gershwin has won the Grammy Trustees Award at some point in time.
Hennersdorf bei Wien is located in the time zone UTC + 01:00. This time zone is valid in this period.
Lidiya Smirnova played a character in the film Balzaminov's Marriage.
Enrico Coen received the EMBO Gold Medal at some point in time.
The Beach is a song by Miss Kittin, the song was followed by Professional Distortion.
Petra Nielsen was awarded the Guldmasken award in a certain point in time.
Stardock Central is an instance of software. Stardock Central was developed by Stardock.
Avery Brooks plays a role in the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode Chrysalis.
Wilt Chamberlain was the winner of the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award at some point in time.
The Autostrada del Brennero is a joint-stock company that was founded in Trento.
Jason Jones (footballer), a human being, is a member of Swansea City A.F.C.
Kawauchi Station (Miyagi) is adjacent to International Center Station, which is towards Kawauchi Station (Miyagi).
Stephen Mann (chemist) won the Davy Medal at some point in time.
Gneixendorf is a human settlement in Austria.
Brian Oliván is a member of Club Recreativo Granada, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Mumford & Sons won the Grammy Award for Best Music Film.
Orange Records is a record label from the United Kingdom.
APOP Kinyras FC participated in the 2008 -- 09 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at their home venue.
Esbjerg Stadium is the home ground of Esbjerg fB, a football club that plays association football.
Prospect Heights, Colorado is located in Colorado, United States.
Gilean McVean received the Weldon Memorial Prize at some point in time.
The 2017 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships is an instance of the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships and was followed by another edition.
Sultan Mahmud (officer) was awarded the Bir Uttom at a certain point in time.
Helsinki University Observatory is a museum, which has been a museum since its inception.
Carey Mulligan stars in the 2005 film Pride & Prejudice, where she plays a character.
The Ashton coal mine is a mine in Australia.
Richie Porte, a member of Team Ineos, participated in the 2019 Tour de France.
Wild Pilgrimage is a book published in 1932.
Demidovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Charlotte Mutsaers received the Constantijn Huygens Prize at some point in time.
Jeffrey Pierce is the voice actor of Henry in The Last of Us.
Hassan Koeman Sesay was a member of the Sierra Leone national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Camilla Gryski is a circus performer and a human.
Elbayon Station is an urban-type settlement located in the Shurchi District.
Hayuma Tanaka was born in Matsumoto, Nagano, which is located in the administrative territorial entity Matsumoto, Nagano.
Shane Confectionery, a business, is located in Philadelphia.
David N. Livingstone was elected as a Fellow of the British Academy from an unknown start time.
Ibrahim Kallay was a member of the Sierra Leone national football team, which started with him on the team.
Terry Gross was awarded the National Humanities Medal at some point in time.
Liam Neeson plays a character in the film K-19: The Widowmaker.
Otto von Guericke was born in Magdeburg, where he held the position.
The Arboretum of Craonne is a botanical garden in France.
Jenny Platt is married to Rupert Hill.
Marian Anderson was awarded the Kennedy Center Honors at some point in time.
Bronwyn Halfpenny graduated from La Trobe University with an academic degree.
Katy Manning plays a character in the show Doctor Who.
Miguel Araujo was a participant and a member of a sports team at the 2019 Copa América.
Wilhelm Wien was the winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics.
Kolta is in Slovakia and is a start time in Slovakia.
Dhanyawadi is a human settlement in Myanmar.
Johnston Forbes-Robertson played a character in the 1913 film Hamlet.
The Khatauli railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and is valid in this time zone.
Ezio Auditore da Firenze was voiced by Tomokazu Seki.
Leandro Delgado is a citizen of Chile and has played for the Chile national football team since 2016.
Veliko Tarnovo Municipality is twinned with Bitola, with their twinning starting on an unknown date.
Julio Maya, a human, is a member of Club Atlético River Plate Puerto Rico.
Herbert Moody, a human, is a member of Luton Town F.C.
London Riverside is located in the United Kingdom, in the River Thames.
LeVar Burton plays a character in Clues ( Star Trek : The Next Generation ).
The Sotavento Islands include Maio, Cape Verde and are located in the Atlantic Ocean.
Shoufeng railway station is located in the time zone of Time in Taiwan, which is valid in this period.
Nuka, Kiribati is a human settlement in Kiribati.
Frank Sobott is affiliated with the Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology and works at the University of Leeds.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang shares its borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakhon Sawan to the direction of the location.
Chuprinino is a village in Russia.
Anagawa Station (Chiba), which opened on 12 June 1991, is located adjacent to Sports Center Station (Chiba).
Walter Hayman received the Adams Prize at some point in time.
Tonbok is a human settlement in Myanmar.
Apache Mynewt is an operating system. The Apache Software Foundation is the developer of Apache Mynewt.
Journeys with George is an English work originating from the United States.
The IEEE Committee on Earth Observation is a committee of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Fraser Forster participated in the 2008-09 Football League One season and was a member of a sports team.
Niecy Nash stars in the film Selma and plays a character role in it.
Giuseppe Conte was the head of the Conte II Cabinet, which began with his leadership.
The Usk Valley Walk is a long-distance trail in the United Kingdom.
Häxan Surtant is a television show from Sweden.
KeWlers is a demogroup from Finland.
Scott Nicolay won the World Fantasy Award -- Short Fiction at some point in time.
The 1982 FA Cup Final was preceded by the 1981 FA Cup Final and was followed by the 1983 FA Cup Final.
Robertson Davies was awarded the Molson Prize at some point in time.
JaCorey Shepherd is a member of the Birmingham Iron and played for the team at an unknown start time.
Lockheed Martin Space Systems is headquartered in Denver, which is a city located in the United States.
The 1999 film Ambush was directed by Olli Saarela and Olli Saarela received an award for Ambush.
Kati Wilhelm participated in the women's relay event at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award for her performance in that event.
The Road Within was directed by Christopher Baffa and it is from the United States.
Paul Ifill was a member of Wellington Phoenix FC and was part of the team at an unspecified start time.
Silvia Monfort plays a character in the 1958 film Les Misérables.
Camila Quiroga lives in Buenos Aires and started in Buenos Aires.
Berry Bros. & Rudd is based in London, England.
Dee Bradley Baker is the voice actor of Halo 3, and voices a character in Halo 3.
Kaija Saariaho won the Stoeger Prize at some point in time.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno received the Alice James Award at some point in time.
Benoit Mandelbrot was employed by Yale University.
George Geldorp was born in Cologne, specifically at an unspecified point in time.
Steve Borg is a member of the Aris Limassol FC team and he started playing for Aris Limassol FC at an unspecified time.
Adam Burish participated in the 2008 IIHF World Championship and was a member of the sports team for the 2008 IIHF World Championship.
The head coach of Astana City is Andrey Teteryuk and Andrey Teteryuk started as the head coach of Astana City.
Dawn News was founded in 2007 and is owned by Dawn Media Group.
Silická Jablonica is in Slovakia, and the start time for Slovakia is unknown.
Edward Shippen was the Mayor of Philadelphia and was a relative of William Shippen Sr.
Peter Sellers plays a character in the 1963 film The Pink Panther.
David J. Wales is a member of the Royal Society.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Ayacucho is an apostolic vicariate in Venezuela.
The Bank of Starbuck is located in Washington, United States.
Aqhari Abdullah is a member of the LionsXII and was part of the LionsXII.
The British Rail 10100 was manufactured by Derby Works at a certain point in time.
Amr Samaka is a member of Tala'ea El Gaish SC, which he joined at some unknown time.
Regensburg is twinned with Odessa and their twinning started at an unspecified time.
The Division of Batman was dissolved in 2019 and was replaced by the Division of Cooper.
The film Mystic River is based on the novel Mystic River by Dennis Lehane.
Tina Manning, who is a human being, is married to John Trudell.
Sankt Georgen bei Obernberg am Inn is a member of the Climate Alliance, which was founded in [start time].
Oxford University Boat Club is a rowing club in the United Kingdom.
Korphe is a human settlement in Pakistan.
Kiss Me Monster is in German and originated in Spain.
Ahmed Adel Abdel Moneam is a member of the Egypt national football team and started playing for the Egypt national football team.
Sukenobu Station, which was opened in 1909, is located adjacent to Hikuma Station.
The Clockmaker won the Louis Delluc Prize at some point in time.
Sri Lanka is a member of the International Finance Corporation since 1956.
The Evansville White Sox play baseball in the United States.
Sangjeongbawisan is a mountain in South Korea.
Moffat Academy is located in Dumfries and Galloway and has a role in Dumfries and Galloway.
Larry Fritz, a human, is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies.
Francis Grenfell, 1st Baron Grenfell was the commander of the IV Corps (United Kingdom) and fought in the Mahdist War.
The American Federation of Motorcyclists is a sports organization from the United States.
Nifty Comics is a business that was founded in 1995.
Momoiro Clover Z won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Japanese Act.
Mick Pearce is the architect of Council House 2 located on Little Collins Street, Melbourne.
The Koya Line connects with the Kansai Main Line of.
Paul-André Meyer was awarded the Ampère Prize.
Alex Cross was created by James Patterson and portrayed by Morgan Freeman.
T. Edward Vives, whose given name is T., attended Florida State University.
Bingtuan Television is a television station that was established in 2008.
M.G. Vassanji was awarded the Molson Prize at some point in time.
The Millom Discovery Centre is a local museum in the United Kingdom.
Fight Night Re-Loaded is a television series from the United Kingdom.
The South Dickason Boulevard Residential Historic District is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ahmed Refaat is a member of Zamalek SC and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
George Vertue was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries and he is buried at Westminster Abbey.
Tamás Aczél won the Kossuth Prize at some point in time.
Goluboye is a village in Russia.
Jonathan Stewart was a member of the Carolina Panthers and played for the team at the start time.
Flori van Acker worked in Paris, specifically during a certain point in time in Paris.
Sarika Sabrin's career began in 2008 and her native language is Bengali.
Juhani Aho's given name is Johannes. Johannes is the end time of Juhani Aho.
Nikolaus Harnoncourt was awarded the Bach Medal at some point in time.
Kathleen Robertson plays a character in the TV show Beverly Hills, 90210.
Kolster Radio Corporation, named after Frederick A. Kolster, is a business.
Tasuku Honjo was awarded the Warren Alpert Foundation Prize at some point in time.
The Dampilasan River is a river in the Philippines.
The Codebreakers is one of the notable works by English writer David Kahn.
Mursal Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Great River of Grand Bacolet is a river in Grenada.
John W. Fitzpatrick was awarded the Brewster Medal at some point in time.
Thomas Galberry served as Diocesan Bishop of the diocese.
Hannelore Kohl was born in Berlin, Germany.
The Hanshin Main Line connects with the Sennichimae Line of.
Arthur Bisguier was a human being who took part in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The British Lawnmower Museum is a museum in the United Kingdom.
Mimaland was established on 01 January 1971 in Malaysia.
Sergio Corrieri was born in Havana, Cuba.
Sasago Station is an adjacent station to Kai-Yamato Station, which is towards Sasago Station.
Sundsvall is located in Sundsvall Municipality. Sundsvall Municipality started at Sundsvall.
Karlstad University is located in Karlstad, which is a city in Sweden.
Jim Jagielski received the O'Reilly Open Source Award at some point in time.
Scooter Gennett was a member of the Cincinnati Reds, who started playing for the team.
Suren Aghababyan is an author described by the Concise Literary Encyclopedia.
The Plaza Site is located in Florida, United States.
Azzedine Doukha was a member of the Algeria national football team, which he joined in an unknown start time.
Rodrigo Saravia is a member of the Guatemala national football team. Rodrigo Saravia is associated with the start time of the Guatemala national football team.
Washington City Paper is a tabloid newspaper published in Washington, D.C.
The main category for Sports in Orlando, Florida is Category:Sports in Orlando, Florida and it is located in the United States.
Fabian Eberle is a member of the FC Balzers football team and has been with them since the start.
Sortavala is located in or next to Lake Ladoga and is twinned with Sölvesborg Municipality.
Tender Moments follows The Real McCoy (album) and was followed by Time for Tyner.
Evie Dennis was awarded the Olympic Order at some point in time.
Cheryll Tickle is a member of the Royal Society.
Joseph Lawson Howze was an Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Tausengirovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Cynthia Kenyon was awarded the Dan David Prize.
Shuto Yamamoto is a member of the Kashima Antlers and was part of the team since its inception.
Shiriki Kumanyika, who was educated at the Master of Science level, holds a Master of Science degree.
Johann Heinrich Lambert is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Hugo Rietveld received the Gregori Aminoff Prize at some point in time.
Inverkeilor railway station is located in Angus, Scotland and is an object in Angus, Scotland.
Friedrich Wetter held the position of Bishop in the Catholic Church. He started serving as Bishop in the Catholic Church.
The Rajasthani language is an ISO 639 macrolanguage and it is the main category of the Rajasthani language.
Bruce Boxleitner was born in Elgin, Illinois, which is a location within a state.
Sainik School, Sujanpur Tihra is a Sainik School that was established on November 2nd 1978.
Charles D'Ambrosio received the Whiting Awards at a certain point in time.
Patina Miller has won the Theatre World Award.
Robert S. Langer was a winner of the Wolf Prize in Chemistry at some point in time.
Christopher Fowler was the winner of the August Derleth Award.
Eric Gleacher graduated from the University of Chicago with an academic degree.
Hafarah is a human settlement in the United Arab Emirates.
Ivanhoe River is located in Sudbury District and its drainage basin is James Bay Basin.
Hatun Kotama Flute School is a music school in Ecuador.
Keiko Agena plays a character in the TV show Gilmore Girls.
Eddie Williams ( baseball ) plays as a First baseman and is a member of sports team Detroit Tigers.
Barys Pukhouski is a member of the HC Motor Zaporizhia team, and he started playing for HC Motor Zaporizhia.
Crimson Tears is a single player video game that was developed by Spike.
Peter Egge received the Gyldendal's Endowment at some point in time.
Valentina Giacinti is a member of the A.C. Milan Women team, with a start time.
Lea Thompson played a character in the film Back to the Future Part III.
The King v. Rapp is a legal case from the United States.
SonReal is a hip hop music artist with the family name Hoffman.
Bryan Parry plays a character in the TV series In the Flesh.
Kevin Tillman plays for the Cal Poly Mustangs in San Luis Obispo and his brother is Pat Tillman.
Angelo Paina is a football player whose football player career ended.
The Davis Wade Stadium is used for American football and was opened in 1914.
Henri Cihoski was awarded the Order of Michael the Brave at some point in time.
Aruba is located in the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which began on 10 October 1986.
Lucas Sasha played for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II, starting at an unknown time.
Bosman Family Vineyards is a winery in South Africa.
Shinya Yamanaka was awarded the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at some point in time.
The Luxor Obelisk is located on Place de la Concorde and it started there.
The 1991 video game Star Wars was developed by Krome Studios Melbourne and released on the platform.
Kushiwara Station is adjacent to Miyanojin Station, and is towards Miyanojin Station.
The MS Seatruck Panorama is a ship that is registered in Cyprus.
Ballerup station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is the time zone that is used in daylight saving time.
Genga, Liberia is a human settlement in Liberia.
English is the language of Southwark News, which is published in the United Kingdom.
Carlos Esquivel was a member of the Mexico national football team, which started with Carlos Esquivel.
Cliff, Michigan is a ghost town in the United States.
Cian Harries was a member of the Wales national under-19 football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Josh Turnley is a member of the LA Galaxy II team and played for LA Galaxy II at the start time.
Darra-e Kur is a cave in Afghanistan.
South Mountain is a mountain located in the state of New York.
Derrin Ebanks played for the Cayman Islands national football team, whose games started at an unspecified time.
St. Mark's Senior Secondary Public School is a school that was founded in 1990.
The International School of Business Management is located in Lucerne and is located in Lucerne.
The Worth School is located in Turners Hill.
Valeri Lebedev (footballer, born 1969), a human, played for FC Khimki.
The Jolla smartphone was made in the United States and is the successor to the Nokia N9.
Tito Scaiano received the Henry Marshall Tory Medal at some point in time.
Friedrich Strack, a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, works in Halle (Saale).
Verkhny At-Uryakh is located in the Magadan Time time zone, which starts at an unspecified time.
Donguli is a human settlement in Azerbaijan.
Ivan Litera played for FC Velbazhd Kyustendil, which started at an unspecified time.
John Shipley Rowlinson was a Fellow of the Royal Society in a certain point in time.
Shimowachi Station, which is located adjacent to Yamanouchi Station ( Hiroshima ), was opened in 1923.
Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a mining company and is the owner of the Kittilä mine.
The Rider on the White Horse features Hauke Haien as a character and is written in German.
James Johnston, a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, was part of the Samoa national rugby union team's starting lineup.
Crowfield Windmill is a windmill in the United Kingdom.
Lorenzo Insigne is a member of S.S.C. Napoli. The start time of S.S.C. Napoli is not specified for Lorenzo Insigne.
The International Actuarial Association is an organization that was established in 1895.
The Burnside Symphony Orchestra is an orchestra from Australia.
Robert Tappan Morris received the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award at some point in time.
Robert W. Holley lives in Los Gatos, California and left Los Gatos, California.
Space Camp is located in Huntsville, Alabama, United States.
Paulo Ricardo is a member of Santos FC, which started with him.
Anjan Bista is a member of the APF Club, and his stint with the team started.
Lawrence Landweber was a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery at some point in time.
Jamie Tisch is married to Steve Tisch.
The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology is written in English and its main subject is Egyptology.
Melvin Grootfaam is a member of the Amsterdamsche FC, whose start time is unknown.
Jean Fritz was the winner of the Children's Literature Legacy Award.
IslamicTorrents is a website that was launched on August 1st, 2005.
Roger Freed, a human, is a member of the Cincinnati Reds team.
John Stanley Plaskett won the Flavelle Medal at some point in time.
The German submarine U-108 (1940) was commanded by Ralf-Reimar Wolfram and had Richard von Harpe as a crew member.
Spain was a signatory to the Berne Convention, which was effective on September 5, 1887.
Antonio Angles Rosich is the head of government in Vilaverd, and the head of government of Vilaverd is the mayor of Vilaverd.
Filair is an airline from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Himmiste is in Saaremaa Parish which was established on an unknown start time.
Jane Turner played a character role in Kath & Kimderella, which she also wrote.
The STS-63 landed at the Kennedy Space Center and had a significant event of a rocket launch.
Southern Pacific 4294 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1925.
Pihla is located in Hiiumaa Parish and was established on an unspecified date.
Abdelaziz Tawfik was a member of the Al Masry SC team and played for Al Masry SC at some point.
The SNCB Class 25.5, manufactured by Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi, has a wheel arrangement of Bo-Bo.
The Ilbijerri Theatre Company was established on 1 January 1990 in Australia.
William Zabka plays a character in The Karate Kid Part II.
Staryye Sharashli is a village in Russia.
Eduard Sekler received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at some point in time.
Sunkist Premiere Theatre is a television series from the United States.
Berlin Hirschgarten railway station is on the S3 line (Berlin) and is located adjacent to Berlin-Köpenick station.
National Highway 5 (Djibouti) is a road in Djibouti.
Gesualdo Bufalino won the Strega Prize.
Stockholm North Station was designed by architect Folke Zettervall.
The Briton Motor Company was dissolved in 1940 and was part of the automotive industry.
Bad Schönborn-Kronau station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
Galyna Moskvitina was born in Kiev, Ukraine.
Chris Sgro is married to Ryan Butler. The start time of their marriage is not specified.
The Cresson Traveling Scholarship is an award from the United States.
Lunawa is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
The East Carolina Pirates are part of the American Athletic Conference, which they joined in 2023.
James Philip Elliott was employed by the Atomic Energy Research Establishment from an unknown start time.
Dennis Malone Carter worked in the United States at a certain point in time.
The Turkmenistan women's national basketball team is a national basketball team.
Pawan Danavi Wind Farm is a wind farm in Sri Lanka.
Roma Porta San Paolo railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is Standard time.
The director of photography for Son Without a Home is Werner M. Lenz and Werner Krauss was in it.
Andrée Peel received the Resistance Medal at some point in time.
Llamachayuq Qaqa is an archaeological site in Peru.
Wilfred Jackson directed Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film).
Vadim Bolohan is a citizen of Moldova and started playing for the Moldova national football team.
The construction of St. Mary's Cathedral in Portland, Oregon was a significant event that took place at a certain point in time.
Yeniyurt, Erdemli is a neighborhood in Turkey.
Daveigh Chase voices Lilo in Disney's Lilo & Stitch (Game Boy Advance video game).
Jim Beauchamp is a human being and a member of the Houston Astros team.
David Artell played for the Gibraltar national football team which started in an unspecified time.
Reva Beck Bosone graduated from the University of California, Berkeley.
Ageri is in Järva Parish which was established on an unknown date.
Dany Maury played for Toulouse FC, and was a part of the team from the start.
The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals is a trade union that was established in 2000.
Benjamin Sulimani was a member of the SV Grödig team and started playing for them.
Ishmael Welsh played for the England national football C team, which started with Ishmael Welsh.
John Fisher Burns was awarded the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at some point.
The Scottish Fiscal Commission is an organization that was established in June 2014.
The President of the European Parliament, David Sassoli, was appointed by the European Parliament.
Vegoose is a music festival that was established in 2005.
Davit Mchedlishvili is a member of FC Ameri Tbilisi. He started at FC Ameri Tbilisi.
The DeKalb Superspiel is a women's curling competition.
Yunose Dam is a dam in Japan.
Maryse Carmichael is an aircraft pilot.
Gaston Ramon was awarded the CNRS Gold medal at some point in time.
Brit Selby won the Calder Memorial Trophy at some point in time.
Patrimoni Cultural is a heritage site from Andorra.
Arnold Orville Beckman was awarded the Hoover Medal at some point in time.
Liao I-chiu studied at the National Taiwan University, and is the younger brother of Liao Liou-yi.
Edward Douglass White Sr. speaks English and is the father of Edward Douglass White.
Nora Slawik has been the head of government in Maplewood, Minnesota since an unspecified start date.
Loudmouth Golf was founded in 2000. The sport is golf.
Akita Station is connected to the Uetsu Main Line, which is operated from Akita Station.
Gwilym Tew is a human and is the sibling of Rhys Brydydd.
The Blue Line of the Delhi Metro has its terminus at Noida City Centre metro station, which is the starting point of the Blue Line.
Vasily Artemyev, a human, is a member of the Russia national rugby union team.
Endrit Idrizaj is a member of KF Tirana and was part of the team from an unknown start time.
Niyangama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Chasselas is a grape variety from France.
Tim Smits is a member of Olympic FC and started playing for the team.
Roland Varga (footballer) is a member of Ferencvárosi TC and started playing for Ferencvárosi TC.
Erich P. Ippen received the Frederic Ives Medal at some point in time.
Genevieve Taggard attended Punahou School.
Hannah Broederlow, whose given name is Hannah, attended the University of Otago.
The Wuzhen Theatre Festival is a theatre festival in China.
Czech Airlines is located in Prague and is located on a street in Prague.
Breakwater Lodge is a business school. It started its operations.
Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Gloucester, was buried in Tewkesbury Abbey and had a child named Amice de Clare.
Elizabeth Kean is a member of the Republican party in the United States. She is an advocate for human rights.
La Ley Innata is written in Spanish and originates from Spain.
Slim is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Belize was a signatory to the Berne Convention, which it acceded to on March 15, 1991.
The Broadmoor Trophy is a sports award in the sport of Ice hockey.
Gabriel Palmeros is a member of Santos Laguna. He started playing for Santos Laguna.
Merrill D. Peterson lived in Charlottesville, Virginia and ended in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 436 is a road in Canada.
The R282 road is a road in the Republic of Ireland.
Gouramangi Singh is a member of FC Pune City and started playing for FC Pune City.
The Pacific Rolling Mill Company is located in San Francisco, United States.
Michael Caine plays a character in the film Midnight in Saint Petersburg.
The Sognsvann Line is part of the Oslo Metro. The main category for the Sognsvann Line is Category:Sognsvannsbanen.
The Monumento ao Bombeiro is an architectural structure in Portugal.
Conagra Brands is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, which is a city located in the country.
Sugarloaf, Victoria is in the electoral district of Polwarth.
DJ Dahi is a human being who performs hip hop music.
The HMS Mentor (1781) was established in 1780 in Massachusetts.
Laros Duarte is a member of the Netherlands national under-19 football team, whose start time is not specified.
Capital gains tax is a topic within the main category of capital gains taxes, and it is related to Spain.
Sanjay Khan is a cast member of Upaasna, which is from India.
South Western Pirkanmaa is a sub-region of Finland, located in Finland.
Jussi Adler-Olsen was awarded the Order of the Dannebrog at some point in time.
Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team is sponsored by Merida Bikes. Merida Bikes is the start time of Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team.
Chongqing Bachuan International High School is located in Chongqing, China.
The 1985 Dyfed County Council election was a local election.
Aikatsu Friends! was shown on TX Network and was produced by Bandai Namco Pictures.
The JWP Junior Championship is a Professional wrestling Championship.
Friend v. Childs Dining Hall Co. is a legal case in the United States.
Apollo Soucek was buried at Arlington National Cemetery at a specific point in time.
Federal Assembly is a Wikimedia disambiguation page and is the same as Bundesversammlung.
The 1C1 3900, manufactured by Westinghouse Electric Corporation, is operated by the Chemins de fer du Midi.
Jack Dyer was awarded the Australian Sports Medal at a certain point in time.
The main subject of Davy and the Goblin is Christmas. It is written in English.
Felix Ehrenhaft was awarded the Haitinger Prize at some point in time.
Jang Hee-mang is a member of Sportivo Trinidense and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Vitaliy Shumeyko played for FC Guria Lanchkhuti, his team, from an unspecified start time.
The Bucheon Stadium is used for association football and was opened on 25 March 2001.
Josh Hartnett plays a character in the film 30 Days of Night.
Emilio Orejas Orejas is the head of government in Valdelugueros, the head of government of Valdelugueros holds the office of mayor of Valdelugueros.
The Baltimore Orioles Radio Network broadcasts baseball in the United States.
Mukul Niketon High School is a high school ( North America ) in Bangladesh.
Peter Goldreich was awarded the Chapman Medal at some point in time.
Terry Griggs was nominated for the Marian Engel Award.
Iopolis is a human settlement in Turkey.
Estadio Parrillas One is a sports venue in Honduras.
The Girvan distillery is located in South Ayrshire and is an object in South Ayrshire.
Brian Lavender, a human, is a member of the California Golden Seals team.
The New York Knicks are the occupants of Madison Square Garden, and they start their games at Madison Square Garden.
Ken Inglis graduated from the University of Melbourne.
Music for the film Bheja Fry, a sequel to Bheja Fry, was composed by Ishq Bector.
Geraint Thomas is a member of Team Ineos and was part of the team from its start.
Tom Wolfe was awarded the Jefferson Lecture.
Shizuo Kakutani was awarded the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at some point in time.
Trifanovo is a hamlet in Russia.
Las Ollas Arriba is a Corregimiento in Panama.
Laurent Terzieff plays a role in the film Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre.
The University of Zurich is the developer of the digital library, Corpus Corporum.
Nikki Fargas is the head coach of the LSU Lady Tigers basketball team which is part of the Southeastern Conference.
The College Level Examination Program is maintained by the College Board in the United States.
Japan National Route 25 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which applies to part of the route.
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is an intercity bus company in Canada.
The MV Malaspina is a ship from the United States.
The French ironclad Guyenne is a ship from France.
Cego is a type of Tarot card game originating from Austria.
Colonia Angamos Airport is an aerodrome in Peru.
Gilnockie Tower is located in Dumfries and Galloway and has a role in Dumfries and Galloway.
Bart Leysen, whose child is Senne Leysen, played for Lotto.
Sonic360 Records is a record label that was founded in 2000.
Tom Lutz received the American Book Awards at some point in time.
Joan Kane was a winner of the American Book Awards.
Equa bank is located in Prague 8.
Piligama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
We in the Zone is a rock and pop band from South Korea.
Gerard Aafjes is a member of the Quick Boys sports team and started playing for Quick Boys.
Apollon Limassol FC play their home games at the Tsirio Stadium.
Shkemb Miftari is a member of Stuttgarter Kickers II, and he started playing for the team.
Luana Patten stars in the film So Dear to My Heart.
Andrey Bukhlitskiy is a member of the Russia national beach soccer team, whose start time is unknown.
Gediminas Kirkilas was the chairperson of the Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania.
The Appalachian Children's Home is a school in the United States.
Ricardo Grigore was a member of the FC Dinamo București team. The start time for Ricardo Grigore with FC Dinamo București is unknown.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ihosy is a diocese of the Catholic Church in Madagascar.
Arthur William Baden Powell was awarded the Hector Memorial Medal at some point in time.
Berat Island is an island in Albania.
Illawong is located in the Division of Hughes and is part of the Division of Hughes.
Mike Mampuya, known as Mike, played for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.
Mitch Nichols played for the Australia national soccer team and was a part of the team's start time.
The Woodstock and Sycamore Traction Company is located in the United States and was opened in 1911.
Gary Honey competed in the long jump at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Boris Dyozhkin was born in Kursk, Russia.
Barret Wallace is a player character of.
Fyodor Kostenko was awarded the Order of Lenin at some point in time.
Michael Green (soccer) is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, which started with Michael Green (soccer).
Molepolole Stadium is a stadium in Botswana.
Addison Montgomery is a performer in the TV series Grey's Anatomy.
American Boulevard station is adjacent to Bloomington Central station and is connected to it by a line.
Veton Berisha was a member of the Norway national under-21 football team, which he started playing for.
Uttara Ganabhaban is located in Natore District, Bangladesh.
Saad Bguir is a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis team, which he joined at an unknown time.
Eric Johnson (tight end) is married to Jessica Simpson.
Maronesa is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Lawrence R. Heaney is an employee of the Field Museum of Natural History.
Yozgat is located in Turkey, where it started.
Marne de Flize Formation is a geological formation in France.
The Lakefield Chiefs are an ice hockey team.
Moshe Weinfeld won the Israel Prize in 1983.
Eric Frenzel received the Holmenkollen Medal.
Lillian Faderman has won the Judy Grahn Award.
Harry Allan was awarded the Hector Memorial Medal at some point in time.
Osman Mendez is a member of the Dayton Dutch Lions, and he started playing for the team.
Nicholas Kemmer received the Max Planck Medal at some point in time.
Nothing Is Impossible, a film from Hong Kong, stars Cherrie Ying.
Ajrim is a human settlement in Afghanistan.
Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall in South Africa.
The Southern Star (Alabama) is a newspaper that was established on January 1st, 1867.
Tuzukley is a village in Russia.
Wanduramulla is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Cocorote is a human settlement in Venezuela.
The London Children's Ballet is a dance troupe that was established in 1994.
The director of photography for Tadakha is Arthur A. Wilson and the film editor is Gautam Raju.
Bob Massie (politician) won the Lionel Gelber Prize at some point in time.
Reitumetse Moloisane was born in Lesotho and started playing for the Lesotho national football team.
Majkel Peçi is a member of the KF Tirana B team and started playing for them.
State v. Allen is a legal case from the United States.
George Burgess (rugby league) played for the England national rugby league team, which began its career on [no specific start time mentioned].
Lydia Rubio Ferrer was born in Havana, Cuba.
The Montenotte Hotel is a hotel in the Republic of Ireland.
Henry Nettleship was awarded the Gaisford Prize at some point in time.
Science Central is a nonprofit organization in the United States.
Just Shapes & Beats is a game that can be played with a game controller, and it is a platform for a game controller.
Louis Van Lint worked in the City of Brussels at a certain point in time.
Suusamyr is located in the Jayyl District and is the start time of Jayyl District.
The Kochuveli - Mangaluru Junction Antyodaya Express is a rail transport service in India.
Andreas Gielchen played for SV Bergisch Gladbach 09, starting from an unspecified time.
William Manondo was born in Zimbabwe and started playing for the Zimbabwe national football team.
The book The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians was written by Henry Miers Elliot.
Jorge Ben is the album that was released in Brazil on Philips Records.
Rahkeem Cornwall played for the Leeward Islands cricket team.
Henry McQuade is a human being, and his family name is McQuade.
Daniel Tarullo was born in Boston, which is a city in the United States.
Roberto Assagioli lived in Florence and started his activities in Florence.
The Rockwave Festival is a music festival that was established in 1996.
Barton S. Alexander, who served in the United States, was buried in San Francisco National Cemetery.
Tiffany Million won the AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress at a certain point in time.
The headquarters of the State University of New York is located in Albany, New York, which is a country.
The director of photography of A Sold Life is Franco Delli Colli and Rodolfo Bianchi stars in A Sold Life.
Adam and the Ants are from London and are signed to the record label Sony Music.
Frederick Rees is an individual employed by the University of Wales.
Joan Tardà is a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia party since its founding in 1931.
KLM operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner's KLM start time is not specified.
Staroye Azmeyevo is a village in Russia.
Minnesota State Highway 110 is part of the Minnesota Trunk Highway System and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
James E. Darnell was awarded the National Medal of Science at some point in time.
The Four Lions Fountain is a monument in Serbia.
The Tupolev '73' is an aircraft manufactured by Tupolev.
Vestlandsbonden is a periodical literature that was established on January 1st, 1904.
Françoise Baud is the head of government in Valenton, and the head of government of Valenton holds the office of Mayor of Valenton.
Bissinger Wool Pullery is a business in the United States.
Rashmi Parida, who played for the Odisha cricket team, graduated from Ravenshaw University.
The Shin-Nagata Station is operated by the JR Kobe Line and is connected to the JR Kobe Line.
Melissa Scott was the winner of the Astounding Award for Best New Writer at some point in time.
The production company of Fast Train is Mosfilm. The original language of the film or TV show is Russian.
Asha is the capital of Ashinsky District (which began on some unknown time).
Rieko Ioane is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team.
Derek Jeter won the Best Play ESPY Award, which was given to him at a specific point in time.
The card game Dominion won the Origins Award at some point in time.
Ken Narita plays a character in the movie Inuyasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler.
Dorothy Hill was awarded the Clarke Medal at some point in time.
Oveta Culp Hobby was awarded the Distinguished Americans series.
James Sands is a member of New York City FC, and he started for the team.
San Pedro Zacapa is a human settlement in Honduras.
Angelo Drossos received the NBA Executive of the Year Award at some point in time.
Erwin Teufel won the Robert Schuman Medal, EPP Group at a certain point in time.
The film 'Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library' won the Leo Award for Best Production Design in a Youth or Children's Program or Series at a certain point in time.
Leonard Francis Lindoy won the Centenary Prize at some point in time.
Israel Dagg is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, whose career started on 15 June 2012.
David Logan (chemist) was awarded the Corday -- Morgan Prize at some point in time.
West India Quay DLR station is adjacent to Poplar DLR station, and is connected to Poplar DLR station by the same line.
Raffaele La Capria was awarded the Strega Prize.
The director of photography of The Princess Bride is Adrian Biddle and the production designer is Norman Garwood.
Zhoumeng North Road station is adjacent to Sakura Park station, and is towards Sakura Park station.
Diego Sanchez Sanchez is the head of government in Montejaque, who holds the office of mayor of Montejaque.
Mabat is a news program, which originally aired on its own network.
Fire Monsters Against the Son of Hercules is in Italian language and originates from Italy.
Jeanne Moreau received the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
Natixis is headquartered in Paris, France.
John Campbell (rugby), a human, is a member of the Sydney Roosters team.
The English language song "Once Upon a Dream" from Sleeping Beauty was performed by Sierra Boggess.
Federico Vismara is a member of Racing Club de Avellaneda and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Dortmund-Rahm station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
Weather Systems is a progressive rock album in the English language.
The book Fables for the Frivolous was written by Guy Wetmore Carryl.
Japan National Route 115 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, which is responsible for a part of this route.
Devon Makin is a citizen of Belize and has been part of the Belize national football team since 2015.
The 58th New York State Legislature is from the United States and is a New York legislative session.
Elizabeth Blackburn received the ASCB Public Service Award.
Richard N. Gardner was a member of the New York City Bar Association, which started at an unknown time.
Paul Abasolo is a member of Zamudio SD and started playing for Zamudio SD.
Robert Jarvik graduated from Syracuse University and is married to Marilyn vos Savant.
Remedios Varo lived in Madrid and her time in Madrid started.
The Bevins Prize is an award that was established in 2008.
Lyle Taylor is a member of AFC Wimbledon, whose career with the team started at an unknown time.
Annamaria Serturini was a member of the Italy women's national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Helge Nielsen received the Eckersberg Medal at some point in time.
Tuija Hyyrynen plays for the Finland women's national football team, which is based in Finland.
Steve Marmion won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production at some point in time.
Jamesie O'Connor was the All Stars Hurler of the Year at some point in time.
The Chennai Police Commissionerate is a building in India.
Horatio Torrome competed in the men's singles figure skating event at the 1908 Summer Olympics for his country.
Lou Lichtveld was awarded the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize at some point in time.
Tony Bancroft is the animator of The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( 1996 film ).
Mozart (footballer) is known as Mozart and played for the Brazil national under-23 football team.
Shar Ink is an airline from Russia.
Bill Clinton was the signatory of the Library Services and Technology Act, which was signed by him.
The film Volevo i pantaloni was made in Sicily in the 1980s.
Fernando Hernandez Orts is the head of government in Salem, Valencia, and holds the office of Mayor of Salem.
Jennifer Lien plays the role of Darkling in Star Trek: Voyager.
Mary Ellen Avery received the E. Mead Johnson Award at some point in time.
Oleg Tabakov was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at an unspecified point in time.
Václav Havel received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art.
Adrien-Marie Legendre was employed by Bureau des Longitudes.
Sigma Editions is a record label that was founded in 1998.
Doris Kenyon plays a character in the 1939 film The Man in the Iron Mask.
Mia Love is a member and a member of the Republican Party ( United States ).
Antonieto Cabajog was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Coleraine High School is a grammar school in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Louis Pascal was awarded the AIA Gold Medal at some point in time.
Kilburn tube station, which was opened in 1879, is located adjacent to West Hampstead tube station.
Matt Apuzzo was awarded the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at some point in time.
Alessandro Oliverio worked in Venice and was active in Venice.
Glendale Academy is a school in India.
John Elliott, who received the Creu de Sant Jordi award, was awarded it at some point in time.
Piskalje is a human settlement in Serbia.
Stig Hagström is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and is employed by Stanford University.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best International Film is an Independent Spirit Awards award, and it was won by Neil Jordan.
Dashkasan District was located in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic until its end.
Tchongorove Airport is an airport in Gabon.
The French language is used at Arts et Métiers ParisTech, which is a member of Aerospace Valley.
St James High School in Ferndale, Michigan was dissolved in 1971.
Doyle Vaca played for Club Deportivo Guabirá, which he joined at some point in time.
Tamagotchi: The Movie is a film distributed by Toho and produced by OLM, Inc.
Eduard von Simson is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Amir Haj Massaoud is a member of Club Africain. The start time of Amir Haj Massaoud's membership with Club Africain is not specified.
Bobby Tambling scored a goal in the 1967 FA Cup Final and is a member of Chelsea FC.
Sargis Adamyan was a member of the Armenia national under-21 football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Eli Manning is a member of the New York Giants and started with the team.
Vachagan Khalatyan is an academic who holds an academic degree.
Victor Cohen Hadria won the Prix des libraires.
Tim Russ plays a character in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Lineage.
Kioma, Queensland is located in the electoral district of Southern Downs, which is the electoral district of Kioma, Queensland.
Macello is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin and the start time is not specified.
Hilton McRae plays a role in the film Darkest Hour.
Philip Abelson was awarded the Kalinga Prize at some point in time.
El Coronil Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic power station in Spain.
Jonathan Lunine received the James B. Macelwane Medal at a certain point in time.
Kaloyan Krastev was a member of the Bulgaria national under 17 football team, which started at an unspecified time.
The Polytechnic University of Catalonia has ETSEIB as a subsidiary. The ETSEIB at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia started.
Philip Gourevitch won the George Polk Awards at some point in time.
Selby High School was established on 01 January 1908 in Selby.
Copley Fielding was a citizen of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Yung Warriors is a rock and pop band from Australia.
Ben Patterson is a member of the Fluxus movement and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Peter Seeberg won the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at some point in time.
The Bransfield Basin is located in the Antarctic Treaty area, on the continent of Antarctica.
G. Evelyn Hutchinson was awarded the Eminent Ecologist Award at some point in time.
Nina Usatova received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at some point in time.
Madanwala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Sigmund Skard was awarded the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award at some point in time.
Serhiy Prykhodko is a member of the sports team FC Mariupol, and he started playing for them.
Nikolai Kamanin was awarded the Order of the Red Star at some point in time.
Eduardo Herrera, a footballer born in 1988, played for the Mexico national football team, which he joined in an unspecified start time.
California State Route 63 ends in Tulare, California, heading in the direction of Tulare, California.
Ian Leggat was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team, which started in 1955.
Daniel Nestor was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
Jane Lubchenco received the Public Welfare Medal at some point in time.
Arizona Dream was filmed in Arizona and has a NMHH rating of Category IV.
Bickford's Australia, a business, is based in Salisbury, South Australia.
Dayane da Rocha is a member of the A.S.D. AGSM Verona Calcio Femminile team, which she joined at some point in time.
Tampere United plays in the Veikkausliiga league and the Veikkausliiga has an end time for Tampere United.
Jiske Griffioen participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, which was a sports event.
Choysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which started on an unspecified date.
The programming language WebMethods Flow is an object-oriented programming language.
Dumbo's Circus, created by A.A. Milne, was originally shown on Playhouse Disney.
The 1971 Speedway World Pairs Championship is a Speedway World Pairs Championship and was held in 1971.
The Maritime Industry Authority is a government agency that was established on June 1st 1974.
Merritt Wever plays a role in the 2018 film Charlie Says.
Stephen Wolff was awarded the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award at some point in time.
Gokulganga rural municipality is a rural municipality in Canada that was established in December 2014.
Robert Guillaume has won the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children at some point in time.
Hans Blix received the Olof Palme Prize at some point in time.
Katsuei Hirasawa graduated from the University of Tokyo.
The 2008 Carmarthenshire County Council election was a local election.
American Outlaws was filmed in Florida and edited by Michael Tronick.
David Gates produced the song "Lost Without Your Love", which is the follow up to "Aubrey".
NXIVM Corp. v. Ross Institute is a legal case in the United States.
The List of Hot Country Songs number ones of 2009 is a list of List of Billboard number-one country hits, specifically a point in time.
Sam Bradford won the Heisman Trophy at some point in time.
Starozhilovsky District is located in Ryazan Oblast, starting from an unknown time.
The Light of Asia, written in British English, was published in London.
Tiputini Biodiversity Station is a research station in Ecuador.
The Dos Indios River (also known as Canoas River) is a river in Brazil.
Port Susan is a bay in the United States.
The film Animal Kingdom was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Costume Design.
The Five Pagoda Temple is an example of architecture and it is the main category of the Five Pagoda Temple.
Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt Ltd is a software company which is a subsidiary of Microsoft.
Winter Journal is written in English and published by Henry Holt and Company.
Jan Hudec participated in the 2018 Winter Olympics, which was held for his country.
CITIC Resources is based in Hong Kong and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since an unspecified start time.
John Gohorry has won the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry.
James Kasting received the Oparin Medal at some point in time.
Rural Life Centre, Tilford is a museum in the United Kingdom.
The Toronto Neil McNeil Maroons are an ice hockey team.
Naja Marie Aidt won the Danish Critics Prize for Literature at some point in time.
Sean Ingle is a human, and his given name is Sean.
Mike Cruise is the President of the Royal Astronomical Society, as of an unspecified start time.
Petya Pendareva was born in Kazanlak.
Kalvilan is a town in Sri Lanka.
Richard Kelton is a human being who won the Theatre World Award.
Mark Steketee is a member of the Brisbane Heat and was part of the team from the start.
Emil Cioran lived in Paris and his time in Paris started.
Stein Winge won the Oslo City Culture Award at some point in time.
Mert Yücel is a House music artist from Istanbul.
Yukka is a rock and pop band from the Netherlands.
Nina Sosnina was awarded the Order of Lenin on an unspecified point in time.
Judy Baca has won the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
The Tasmanian Government Railways M class (1912) was operated by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company which started its operation in 1912.
The Ming-Ai (London) Institute is a school that was established in 1992.
Sebastian Eriksson played for the Sweden national football team, starting from an unspecified time.
Frances E. Allen received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards at some point in time.
Joan Brugge is a member of the National Academy of Sciences since an unspecified start time.
The Richmond River Express Examiner is a newspaper from Australia.
Nicolás Tagliafico is a member of AFC Ajax, which he joined at some point in time.
Urmananayevo is a village in Russia.
Studzienice, Masovian Voivodeship is located in the time zone UTC + 01 : 00 and this time zone is valid in this period.
Edward Woodward (judge) was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at some point in time.
The song "New York Girls" is a song in the English language.
Atlas Libertas is a sculpture from Guatemala.
Christopher Masterman, known as Christopher, was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire.
Eduardo Chillida was the winner of the Wolf Prize in Arts at some point in time.
Green Island ( Berthelot Islands ) is located in the Grandidier Channel, in Antarctica.
John Joseph Scanlan was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Paul Ratnasamy was awarded the Om Prakash Bhasin Award at some point in time.
I Made Pasek Wijaya plays as a midfielder for PS Badung.
The Block (basketball) is a basketball in the United States.
Zhovkva Raion is located in Lviv Oblast (which began on an unknown date).
Sebastián Fernández is a member of Club Nacional de Football and started playing for the team.
Bari Sud Est railway station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is the time zone that is used in daylight saving time.
Maarten Schmidt has received the Petrie Prize Lecture.
Amiran Revishvili received the State Prize of the Russian Federation, specifically in a particular year.
Miles O. Noll graduated from Franklin & Marshall College at some point.
Rahat Ali is a member of the Quetta Gladiators. Rahat Ali is associated with the Quetta Gladiators since an unspecified start time.
Colleretto Castelnuovo is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin. It was founded in the Metropolitan City of Turin.
The Kingsbridge Estuary is a bay in the United Kingdom.
J. William Schopf was awarded the Charles Doolittle Walcott Medal at some point in time.
The ARY Film Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award that was established in 2014 and is part of the ARY Film Awards.
Lindenholzhausen station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is the time zone that is used in daylight saving time.
The Continental KB-1 is a United States built aircraft.
Ronald M. Evans was awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine.
Enrico Porro participated in the Wrestling at the 1908 Summer Olympics -- Men's Greco-Roman lightweight event and received an award.
The director of photography for The Cord of Life is Billy Bitzer and the cast member is Dorothy West (actress).
Ueno-okachimachi Station is an interchange station that connects to Naka-Okachimachi Station.
Ned Block received the Jean Nicod Prize at some point in time.
Mukhor-Cherga is located in the Omsk Time zone and the Omsk Time period has ended.
Waarish is from India and stars Churni Ganguly.
Susan Brantley is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, whose membership began at an unknown time.
Drik Picture Library, an organization, is located in Dhaka.
John Alexander (Australian politician) was awarded the Australian Sports Medal at some point in time.
Bolivia is a member of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency since an unspecified start time.
The Crigler Mound Group is located in Missouri, United States.
Seamus Moynihan was the All Stars Footballer of the Year at some point in time.
Maximiliano Hernández plays a character in the film Thor.
Special Occasion by Miracles was produced by Smokey Robinson and is the follow up to Yester Love.
Waitrose & Partners is a food industry company that owns Safeway in the Channel Islands.
Marguerite Perey was awarded the Lavoisier Medal at some point in time.
The Progress M-62 experienced a significant event which was its atmospheric entry at a specific point in time.
Andrew Nunn is the name of Andrew, who is an Anglican.
Jan Gossaert worked in Mechelen at some point in time.
Ian S.E. Carmichael was awarded the Murchison Medal at some point in time.
Otto Loewi was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at some point in time.
The home ground of FC Martigues is the Stade Francis Turcan and the club's head coach is Jean-Luc Vannuchi.
Athelstone, South Australia is located in the Division of Sturt which is one of the divisions of the Australian House of Representatives.
Doug Gjertsen participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics and received an award at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Giorgi Arabidze played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk, he began his career at FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Ngaiming Mok received the Stefan Bergman Prize at some point in time.
Pengkalan Kundor state constituency is an electoral district in Malaysia.
Agnes Macdonell was a contributor to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Agnes Macdonell as a subject.
Castlehill Fort is located in East Dunbartonshire and is an object in East Dunbartonshire.
The Daewoo Gentra is a car model manufactured by Daewoo.
Hans W. Liepmann was the winner of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation at some point in time.
Al Kharjah, Tunisia is a wadi in Tunisia.
Grenddy Perozo is a member of the Atlético Clube de Portugal and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Arroyo Colorado is a river in the United States.
G.N. Ramachandran won the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at some point in time.
Cal Peterson, a human being, is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Sophie Ingle is a member of the Liverpool F.C. Women team and was a part of the team at an unspecified start time.
Jules A. Hoffmann received the Canada Gairdner International Award at some point in time.
Yuza Station, which was opened in 1919, is adjacent to Fukura Station.
The Mori Trust is located in Minato, Tokyo, which is a country.
Leah Vukmir is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, a position she held.
Elizabeth Inness-Brown, whose given name is Elizabeth, attended Columbia University School of the Arts.
Ernst Friedrich Zwirner is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
The Peanut Butter Conspiracy is from Los Angeles and is signed to Columbia Records.
Yevhen Pavlov was a member of the Vasas SC team and played for Vasas SC.
Avishay Cohen is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team and he started playing for the Israel national under-21 football team.
Arnold Graffi was awarded the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at some point in time.
The Soundararajaperumal temple, Nagapattinam is a Hindu temple in India.
Desmond Llewelyn plays a character in the film Thunderball.
Grete Stern worked in Great Britain.
Salem Saeed played for the Yemen national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Francis Sheppard is a historian and works in the field of history.
Michael Mayo received the American Book Awards at some point in time.
Daniel Gottlob Türk is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Old Town Manor is a hotel in the United States.
Podstepnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which began on the start time.
Seimsgrend Station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Jonathan Schmude played for Hannover 96, and his time with the team started.
Georgi Stefanov is a member of FC Vereya and joined the team at an unspecified time.
Ygdrassil is a rock and pop band from the Netherlands.
Julian Palmieri is a member of the FC Metz team and his time with the team started.
Jaureguiberry, Uruguay is a spa town in Uruguay.
Colonia Nápoles is a colonia in Mexico.
The Federated States of Micronesia is a member of the International Development Association since its start time.
The 2008 film Bolt was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Film in 2008.
The Biotechnology Innovation Organization is an advocacy group from the United States.
Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team is a team from Bahrain and started on Bahrain.
Marlon Medina is a member of Deportivo Ocotal. He joined Deportivo Ocotal at an unknown time.
John Cooney (rugby player) is a human being and a member of the Connacht Rugby team.
Sequoia Capital is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, which is a city located in the country of Menlo Park, California.
Loch Lomond is located in West Dunbartonshire. Loch Lomond has West Dunbartonshire as its object.
Helena Brodin was awarded the Litteris et Artibus award at some point in time.
Lower Kabete is a human settlement in Kenya.
ETA SA is owned by The Swatch Group, and The Swatch Group is the parent company of ETA SA.
Julian Parkhill was a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2014.
Valdgeym is a village in Russia.
Kyle Chandler stars in the TV series Friday Night Lights.
Muhammad Rifky is a member of PSIM Yogyakarta and started playing for PSIM Yogyakarta.
Roman Aftanazy was awarded the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at some point in time.
Premios Juventud is an award that was established in 2004.
The show Tonight Live with Steve Vizard began on 29 January 1990 and ended on 26 November 1993.
Kindung Station is located in the Time in North Korea time zone, which is valid in that period.
The short story Breed of Battle was written by Robert E. Howard.
Egor Krimets was born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Shadow Fighter is a video game published by Gremlin Interactive for the Amiga CD32.
Andronikos Doukas Palaiologos was Governor of
James Darcy Freeman was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Francis Swaine worked in Scheveningen at some point in time.
The Golden Gate Australian Football League is a sports league in Australia.
Barletta Scalo railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
Li Xuepeng is a citizen of China and played for the China national football team.
Thomas Vaubourzeix is a member of the Natura4Ever -- Roubaix -- Lille Métropole team. He started with Natura4Ever -- Roubaix -- Lille Métropole.
The Ganj Basoda railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Ganj Basoda railway station.
Windsor Noncent was a member of Don Bosco FC and started at Don Bosco FC.
Helen McCrory plays a character in the TV series Peaky Blinders.
Martin Pearson, a human, is a member of the Wakefield Trinity team.
Charles Thomas Newton was married to Ann Mary Newton and was a member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences.
Gudrun Schyman speaks Swedish and is a human being.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh is a citizen of India and has been part of the India national football team since 2011.
Pod's and Jerry's is a jazz club in the United States.
Lazarus Fletcher was awarded the Wollaston Medal at some point in time.
State Road 36 ( Serbia ) is a road in Serbia.
Deborah Keenan won the American Book Awards and this is a point in time when Deborah Keenan was the winner of the American Book Awards.
Chaparritas El Naranjo was founded in 1947 and is from Mexico.
Ghabaghib is a village in Syria.
Justine Cassell has won the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards at some point in time.
The book Voltaire in Love was written by Nancy Mitford.
Ron Kersey is a member of the Salsoul Orchestra, signed to the record label Salsoul Records.
Alternatives for Community and Environment is an organization in the United States.
Novye Burasy is located in the Samara Time zone and Samara Time starts in Novye Burasy.
Paavo Haavikko received the Eino Leino Prize at some point in time.
Scarlett Pomers plays a character in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Equinox.
The Farm Credit Dairy Center is a sports venue in the United States.
Joe Casely-Hayford was the father of Charlie Casely-Hayford who was educated at the Courtauld Institute of Art.
The Marsden Point Oil Refinery is an oil refinery in New Zealand.
Vadi is a musical term for Hindustani classical music.
Sewanee Tigers football is a football team from the United States and their home ground is McGee Field.
Johan Wiland was a member of the sports team Malmö FF, and he started playing for them.
The Potez 50 is an aircraft model from France.
Ruby Payne-Scott was an employee of the CSIRO.
Gudaibiya is a geographical feature in Bahrain.
Alex Muralha is a member of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo and started playing for the team.
Melinda Page Hamilton was born in New York City, New York.
Annie Girardot stars in The Piano Teacher.
Adelino Trindade was a member of the Timor-Leste national under-23 football team, whose activities started at an unspecified time.
The Shah Alam Royal Mausoleum is a mausoleum in Malaysia.
Martin Haar, a human, is a member of the HFC Haarlem team.
The Newcastle Star is a periodical literature from Australia.
Jean-Luc Coatalem received the Prix Amerigo Vespucci at a certain point in time.
A1 Team Portugal is an auto racing team from Portugal.
Lawrence Kasdan has won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement at some point in time.
Fred Goodwin (footballer) was born in Congleton and started his career with Congleton Town F.C.
Renato Silva is a member of Brasiliense Futebol Clube, and he joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Nancy Kopell received the Mathematical Neuroscience Prize at some point in time.
Roger Allam plays a character in the episode Winter Is Coming.
Vladimir Kolpakchi was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union, which was given to him at some point in time.
William Shawn won the George Polk Awards at some point in time.
Cerik (Lukavac) is a human settlement in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Pieve Ligure is located in the Metropolitan City of Genoa. The start time for the Metropolitan City of Genoa is not specified for Pieve Ligure.
Kalaganwatta is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Pascal Millien is a citizen of Haiti and played for the Haiti national football team, starting his career.
Super Bowl television ratings is a Wikimedia list article about the United States.
Joan Plowright plays a character in the 1996 film 101 Dalmatians.
Angela Merkel was awarded the Time Person of the Year award.
Andriy Hitchenko played for FC Karpaty Lviv, and his tenure with the team started.
Abram Arkhipov graduated from the Imperial Academy of Arts.
Liridon Latifi played for the Albania national under-21 football team. The start time for Liridon Latifi's Albania national under-21 football team is unknown.
Virginia Ruano Pascual was born in Madrid, Spain.
Jerry Uelsmann received the Lucie Awards at some point in time.
Daniel Schwenter is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
The Gullmarsplan metro station is located in Johanneshov and is named after Gullmarsplan.
David Otunga is married to Jennifer Hudson. The start time of Jennifer Hudson and David Otunga's relationship is not specified.
Hail the Sun is a recording on Equal Vision Records. It was released on Equal Vision Records.
Benjamin Kololli is a member of the sports team FC Biel-Bienne. He started playing for FC Biel-Bienne.
Hamilton C. Jones was educated at the Cardozo Education Campus, which is located at Cardozo Education Campus.
Kuyanly is located in the Samara Time zone and uses Samara Time as its starting time.
The Davidson Institute for Talent Development is a nonprofit organization in the United States.
Sean Paul was the winner of the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act.
James Franco plays a character in the movie Spider-Man 3.
Cottenham Park is an area of London in the United Kingdom.
Billie Joe Armstrong is part of The Network, a band from the United States.
Lantarnam Hall is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Intergovernmental Authority on Development is an intergovernmental organization that was established in January 1986.
The Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology is located in Gorakhpur, Haryana, India.
Bernard Derrida received the Ampère Prize at some point in time.
The Suheli River is a river in Nepal.
George Washington was the signatory of the Copyright Act of 1790, which was passed on May 31st, 1790.
The European Review of Agricultural Economics is a periodical literature published by Oxford University Press.
Yuki Ichikawa was a member of Geylang International FC and joined the team at some point in time.
Tatarsky Saskul is a hamlet in Russia.
Boris Kuftin was born in Samara, which is a city in Russia.
The song "Ooh Ahh" by TobyMac is from the United States.
Benjamin Raich is married to Marlies Schild. The start time of their marriage is not specified.
Bohola is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland.
Ottmar Elliger worked in Copenhagen, which is a city in Denmark.
Wattle Bank, Victoria is located in Bass Coast Shire and is a part of Bass Coast Shire.
St. Wendel station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Jean-Gérard Fleury was awarded the Albert Londres Prize at some point in time.
The 1983 British Speedway Championship was a final (competition) in 1983.
Punta Manara is a promontory in Italy.
The Herb River is a river in the United States.
Raja SC Mullick Road is located in West Bengal, India.
Raihan Hasan is a member of the Bangladesh national under-23 football team and was part of the team at some point in time.
Mohamed Liban was born in Djibouti and started playing for the Djibouti national football team.
Hoepstockbukta is a geographical feature in Norway.
Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a hotel in Mexico.
Georges Heuyer was a student of Joseph Jules Dejerine and spoke French.
Tomsk State University is located in Tomsk, which is a country.
The Dallam County Courthouse is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, since its designation began.
Tony Maxworthy was awarded the Otto Laporte Award at some point in time.
Moe Hurwitz is a human, and his given name is Moe.
Glorianna Davenport, whose family name is Davenport, is a human being.
The Association of German Architects is based in Hanover, which is also the starting point for the organization.
The National Gallery of Slovenia is located in Ljubljana and has Ladislao de Gauss as one of its collections.
Nikolai Alho was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2014 Veikkausliiga.
Fauconberg House is located in London, United Kingdom.
Sengdao Inthilath is a member of the Laos national football team, which started in 2014.
The Naisten Ykkönen is organized by the Football Association of Finland and is a women's association football competition.
Arnold Ward was educated at Balliol College, Oxford and has written in English.
Alamikamaba Natural Reserve is a protected area in Nicaragua.
The Space Launch Liability Indemnification Extension Act is a bill in the United States.
The Ice Sports Forum is a sports venue in the United States.
Fourie du Preez played for the South Africa national rugby union team, which started on an unspecified date.
Youth Communication is a 501(c)(3) organization in the United States.
The Welsh Championship is a championship that was established in 2012.
Leonardo Ghiraldini was a member of the Italy national rugby union team, which started in 2005.
Robert Aumann won The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture.
Novonadyrovo is a hamlet in Russia.
St. Neots railway station is adjacent to Huntingdon railway station, and Huntingdon railway station is a connecting line to St. Neots railway station.
The USS Muir, named after Kenneth Hart Muir, was built by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company.
Juan José Navarro Guerra plays for Córdoba CF B and started playing for Córdoba CF B.
Vasile Rus was a member of the Romania national rugby union team, which started at an unspecified time.
Hennepin County, Minnesota is the capital of Minneapolis and shares borders with Wright County, Minnesota.
Adrián Kocsis was a member of the Zalaegerszegi TE team, which he joined at an unknown start time.
The Cheapside Street whisky bond fire was a structure fire in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Marc Mousson was awarded the Order of the Red Eagle at some point in time.
The New River Subdivision is a railway line in the United States.
Sunshine Coast Football is an Association Football club that was founded in 1968.
Dieter Schröfl is the head of government in Rattenberg, Bavaria, and holds the office of Mayor of Rattenberg, Germany.
The Going to Hell Tour was a concert tour by The Pretty Reckless.
Chandrashekhar Khare received the Fermat Prize at some point in time.
The cover art of the album First Base is by Roger Dean, and the album is a progressive rock album.
Javier Hernández participated in the 2012-13 Football League Cup and was a member of a sports team for that competition.
Ansar-e Hezbollah was founded in 1990 in Iran.
Edwin Hubble was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at some point in time.
Archil Gomiashvili played a role in the 1971 film The Twelve Chairs.
Kannur International Airport has a scheduled service to King Khalid International Airport and is operated by King Khalid International Airport.
Lotfi A. Zadeh received the IEEE Medal of Honor at some point in time.
Core Banks, North Carolina is located in North Carolina, United States.
José Huizar received the Ohtli Award at some point in time.
Vanessa Hinz participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award there.
The C&O Lexington Subdivision is a railway line in the United States.
The House of Chiefs of Fiji is a nobility from Fiji.
Rudolf Deng Majak served as Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Henry Alexander Miers was awarded the Wollaston Medal at some point in time.
Sengunthar Higher Secondary School is a school that was established in 1944.
Karen L. Wooley was awarded the Centenary Prize at some point in time.
The Yamada Line (Kintetsu) connects with the Kisei Main Line of the Yamada Line (Kintetsu).
Bryn Hall Colliery is a coal mine in the United Kingdom.
Charles John Gabriel was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion at some point in time.
Bibleserver.com is a website operated by ERF Medien.
Natchathira Jannal is a television show from India.
Raymond Collishaw was an Air Vice-Marshal who served in the United Kingdom.
John Sulston was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at some point in time.
Pet Shop of Horrors is an anime television series in the Japanese language.
Colegio Weber School is a school in Chile.
Wes Matthews plays for the San Antonio Spurs in the United States.
Franz Beckenbauer scored a goal in the 1966 DFB-Pokal Final. Franz Beckenbauer is a member of a sports team.
Dickinson College is located in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, which is a country.
The 1904 Carmarthenshire County Council election was a local election.
Matsue Vogel Park Station is adjacent to Aikamachi Station, which is towards Matsue Vogel Park Station.
The Jakanachari Award is an award in India.
Mitsukoshimae Station is named after Mitsukoshi and is an interchange station with Shin-Nihombashi Station.
Rajin Dhimal is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team and the team started with Rajin Dhimal.
W15CG is a television station that was established in 2005.
Harold Shapero was awarded the Rome Prize at some point in time.
Brejoeira Palace is in the Neoclassical architecture style and is a National Monument of Portugal.
Lynne Barasch won the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature.
Nicolae Vasile was a member of the Romania national under-21 football team and played for them at an unspecified start time.
Krasnokamsky District is located in Bashkortostan and the district was established in Bashkortostan.
Rauenberg, Kraichgau is located in the time zone UTC + 01:00 and this time zone is valid in this period.
Sean Maitland is a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, which started on an unknown date.
Nolan Roux participated in the 2018-19 Ligue 1 as a member of a sports team.
The Songun Red Flag-class locomotive, manufactured by Kim Chong-t'ae Electric Locomotive Works, is operated by the Korean State Railway.
Webb Miller received the ISCB Senior Scientist Award in an unspecified year.
Michel Vergoz was a pharmacist at some point in time.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is located in Standard time in Taiwan, which is valid in Taiwan.
David A. Hamburg won the Sarnat Prize at some point in time.
The song "Hand Me Down My Walking Cane" was performed by Jerry Lee Lewis.
Creature House Expression is a vector graphics editor and is freeware.
Strathaven Academy is located in South Lanarkshire and South Lanarkshire is an administrative territorial entity of Strathaven Academy.
Enrique Pérez was a member of the Mexico national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
The Space Brothers is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom.
Harry Blaney was a citizen of the Irish Free State, which ended on 18 April 1949.
Sultan Al Kuwari was a member of the Qatar national under-20 football team, which started at an unknown time.
Musab Al-Battat played for the Palestine national football team.
Abdullah Al-Owaishir is a member of Al-Fateh SC and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Sok Pheng (footballer) is a member of Nagaworld FC, whose career with the team began at an unknown start time.
John Thornett was awarded the Australian Sports Medal at some point in time.
Marshall Allen, a journalist, was awarded the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at some point in time.
Ubank Limited is headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa.
RoboCop: Alpha Commando is written in English and is a based on the character RoboCop.
Jonathan Quick, who was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings, won the Conn Smythe Trophy.
Pierre Phelipon played for Grenoble Football 38 and is a coach for Paris Saint-Germain FC.
Tin Win Aung was a member of the Myanmar national football team, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
Marcus Dillistone, whose given name is Marcus, attended The Skinners' School.
David Strathairn plays a character in The Bourne Legacy.
Solomon Duah is a member of the FC Inter Turku and started playing for the team at an unspecified time.
Jim Eyre (architect) won the Bodley Medal at some point in time.
Candice Bergen played a role in the film Gandhi.
The Glenshesk River is a river in the United Kingdom.
The Wadi Wishka Dam is an embankment dam in Libya.
Nodojiman The World is a television show distributed by Nippon TV.
The Emperor Fountain is a sculpture in the United Kingdom.
The album Set This Circus Down was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album.
The Indore-Amritsar Express is a passenger train operated by Indian Railways.
OCC Transport is a bus company that was established in 1971.
Eliot Richards played for the Tampa Bay Rowdies, and was a part of the team at an unspecified start time.
Fara, Orkney is located in Orkney and is an object in Orkney.
Allison Janney plays a character in the film Two Cathedrals.
Dave Rimington was the winner of the Lombardi Award at a certain point in time.
Ashley Laurence plays a character in the film Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth.
Barbara Klar received the Gerald Lampert Award at some point in time.
Rayna Stewart, a human, is a member of the Tennessee Titans team.
The 2017 Louis Vuitton Challenger's Trophy is a sports season.
Robert Snodgrass was a participant in the 2004-05 Scottish Premier League and was a member of a sports team in that league.
Javier Gomá was born in Bilbao, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
The given name of Brigadier General Stefano Cagna is Stefano.
Macronympha is a rock and pop band from the United States.
Pether's Moon was born on April 15, 2010 and was sired by Dylan Thomas.
The Dharma of Star Wars is a science fiction book written in the English language.
Tinnura is located in the Province of Oristano and this started at Province of Oristano.
The Love Deluxe World Tour was a concert tour by Sade.
Tom Long (CEO), whose given name is Tom, graduated from Harvard University.
Shrilal Shukla won the Jnanpith Award.
Ganjam district was located in Bengal Presidency and ceased to exist at an unknown time.
Mendooran is located in the Division of Parkes and is an object in the Division of Parkes.
John Warner attended Washington and Lee University until the end.
Serejeqa is a human settlement in Eritrea.
Raif Muradov, a human, is a member of the POFC Botev Vratsa team.
Jonny Evans was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2013-14 Premier League.
The Istituto Italo-Brasiliano Biculturale Fondazione Torino is a school in Brazil.
Tommy Lee Jones won the Donostia Award at some point in time.
Simon Russell Beale won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at some point in time.
Exes and Ohs is in English and stars Megan Cavanagh.
Hiroyuki Isagawa, whose family name is Isagawa, is a human being.
Leiden is located in the Netherlands, with the Netherlands being the starting point for Leiden.
The Williams Rule is a legal case from the United States.
HitmanPro is a software program that runs on Windows XP.
The Mount (stadium) is for association football in the United Kingdom.
The Louisville and Interurban Railroad is a railway line in the United States.
Thomas Helveg, a human, is a member of the Odense Boldklub team.
Blazhe Ilijoski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team. The North Macedonia national football team of Blazhe Ilijoski started their activities at an unspecified time.
Lockyer Waters, Queensland is located in the Division of Wright and is an object of the Division of Wright.
Yevgeny Leonov was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour at some point in time.
Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary is a bird reserve in India.
The Isle of Lewis is located in the Outer Hebrides and is a part of the Outer Hebrides.
Charles Ollivon is a member of the France national rugby union team, which started at an unspecified time.
Sateliti is a rock and pop band that was founded in 1989.
Berlin Sundgauer Straße station is adjacent to Berlin-Lichterfelde West station and is connected to it.
The Norman Album is made of Morocco leather and the Morocco leather is colored.
M-343 in Michigan ends in Kalamazoo, Michigan, heading towards Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Fabricio Lenci is a member of Club Atlético Douglas Haig, whose activities started at an unspecified time.
The Magdalene Sisters won the Golden Lion award at an unspecified point in time.
The Very Famous Paul Ross Show is a television series from the United Kingdom.
The Denham baronets is a baronetcy in Canada.
Fred Longstaffe was awarded the W.W. Hutchison Medal at some point in time.
Robert R. McCrae received the Bruno Klopfer Award at some point in time.
Elizeu Ferreira Marciano played for Tokushima Vortis. Elizeu Ferreira Marciano joined Tokushima Vortis at an unknown time.
Jeanne Rorex-Bridges, who was a student of W. Richard West Sr., is also related to Willard Stone.
Wendel Alex dos Santos, a human, plays for Democrata Futebol Clube.
Farish Jenkins received the Romer-Simpson Medal at some point in time.
The Bundesautobahn 66 has its terminus in Eichenzell, in the direction of Eichenzell.
Sylvie Judas is the head of government in Gimel, Switzerland, and holds the office of Mayor of Gimel.
John Elliott (artist) was married to Maud Howe Elliott and their marriage started at an unspecified time.
Rico McCoy, a human, is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers team.
Mallawapitiya Divisional Secretariat is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
U.S. Route 141 terminates at U.S. Route 41 in Michigan, which is its eastern terminus.
Thomas Guerbert played for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, and he started playing for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Kawann Short played for the Carolina Panthers.
The novel Transcension, written in English, is published by Tor Books.
The Elkhart Truth is published in Elkhart, Indiana, and originates from the United States.
Orlando Peralta was a human being who competed in the 1955 Pan American Games.
The Delhi Kishanganj railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Delhi Kishanganj railway station.
The song "The Hard Way" follows the song "20 Good Reasons" and is followed by the song "Those Eyes".
Thomas Edward Thorpe was awarded the Royal Medal at some point in time.
Jack Hannah won the Winsor McCay Award at some point in time.
Patrice Chéreau was awarded the Europe Theatre Prize.
Artem Dzyuba is a member of the Russia national football team, which he has been a part of since 2011.
Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel is a part of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products.
José Manuel Blecua Teijeiro received the Creu de Sant Jordi award at an unspecified point in time.
Orsha District is located in the Vitebsk Region (which began on an unknown start time).
Majagual, Dominican Republic is a human settlement in the Dominican Republic.
Wiaan Mulder is a member of the Highveld Lions and he started for the Highveld Lions.
Tina Turner was the winner of the American Music Award for Favorite Soul / R&B Female Artist at some point in time.
Alec Hearne, whose given name is Alec, was awarded the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award.
Pavel Yushkov, known as Pavel, played for FC Mika.
Ventsislav Velinov is a member of the FC Dorostol Silistra team since its start.
Yan Xiangchuang played for the China national football team.
Daniel Holdsworth, a rugby league player, is a member of the Salford Red Devils.
Malcolm Burrows was awarded the Frink Medal at some point in time.
The Burlington Rail Bridge was opened in 1867 and is maintained by the BNSF Railway.
Clive Minton received the John Hobbs Medal at some point in time.
Kazarma is a human settlement in Kazakhstan.
John Parrish (baseball), a human, is a member of the Toronto Blue Jays.
Belgium was a signatory to the Berne Convention.
Basil Valentine is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is a source that makes a statement about Basil Valentine.
Nicole Kidman has received the Theatre World Award.
Scott Brown, born in June 1985, was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2006-07 Scottish Premier League.
Wilhelm Pfeffer was employed by Leipzig University.
The AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship is a Professional wrestling championship.
The Caribbean Conference of Churches is an organization that was established in 1973.
Severn Valley Country Park is a park in the United Kingdom.
Angelo Beolco was born in Pernumia.
When the Devil Holds the Candle was published by J.W. Cappelens Forlag, which is located in the place of publication.
Grant Fox plays as a fly-half and is a member of the Auckland Rugby Union.
Gray's General Store is a general store in the United States.
The construction of America's Credit Union Museum occurred at a point in time.
Old Scatness is located in Shetland and Shetland has the object Old Scatness.
The play Summer's Last Will and Testament was written by Thomas Nashe.
Streatorland is located in Illinois, United States.
Cesinha, a 1989-born footballer, was a member of Daegu FC and started playing for the team.
Gustavo Cuéllar is a member of the Colombia national football team. The Colombia national football team, which Gustavo Cuéllar is a member of, started at an unspecified time.
Carlos Vereza was awarded the Ordem do Mérito Cultural at some point in time.
Kronach station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Tom Johnson (rugby union) played for the England national rugby union team, which began its career with Tom Johnson (rugby union).
Aleksandr Borisov (actor) was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at some point in time.
Kramnik, Poland is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00. UTC + 01:00 is valid in this location.
Ames State Forest is a forest in the United States.
Eva Sakálová is a human, and her given name is Eva.
Helga Feddersen plays a role in the 1959 film The Buddenbrooks.
Tivoli Village is located in Nevada, United States.
Tazawako Station is connected to the Tazawako Line, which is operated at Tazawako Station.
Metropole Cafe is a jazz club in the United States.
Bun B won the MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video at some point in time.
Carl Frode Tiller won the European Union Prize for Literature.
Daniel Rodríguez Vázquez was a member of the Racing de Santander team and his career with the team started.
The Ronur Sri Lakshmi Venkataramana Swamy Temple is located in Karnataka, India.
Shakeem Clarke is a member of the Barbados national cricket team, and he started playing for them.
The North Dakota Fighting Hawks are part of the Summit League, which they joined in 2012.
Adacao is a human settlement in the United States.
Ryan Davies was a teacher until his end time.
Charles Doolittle Walcott was awarded the Bigsby Medal at some point in time.
Ethan Phillips plays a character in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Innocence.
Ju Manu Rai is a member of the Nepal national football team, which started playing at an unspecified time.
Rose Porter is a human and was described in "A Woman of the Century".
Lucas Hnath received the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
Marie-Hélène Malaurie is the head of government in Padirac, the Mayor of Padirac.
Makeout is a rock and pop band from the United States.
The 175th New York State Legislature is a New York legislative session in the United States.
Gwaka Airport is an airport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Alamsyah Nasution is a member of the PSMS Medan team, and he started playing for PSMS Medan.
Joseph Proudman was the winner of the Hughes Medal at some point in time.
Guardando il sole is a song that was released in 1968.
Marco Bueno is a member of the Mexico national football team, which started with him.
The Bryce Jordan Center, designed by Rosser International, is the home of the Penn State Lady Lions basketball team.
Art Spiegelman received the Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême at some point in time.
The University of Trnava is located in Trnava, which is a country.
Tim Janssen played for OKC Energy FC, which started at an unspecified time.
Paul Nuttall was a candidate in the 2017 Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election and is a member of a political party.
TeamSite is headquartered in San Jose, California, which is a city in the United States.
Tatyana Karpova was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour at some point in time.
Lionel Brown (soccer) is a member of the Miami FC team, and he started playing for Miami FC.
Ann Pettifor was awarded the Hannah Arendt Prize at some point in time.
Scropton railway station is a train station in the United Kingdom.
Waterfoot, East Renfrewshire is located in East Renfrewshire and is an object in East Renfrewshire.
Nen Sothearoth is a member of the Cambodia national under-23 football team, which has a start time.
The Grand Manan Museum is a local museum in Canada.
The First Aceh Expedition was a punitive expedition that was located in Aceh Sultanate.
Navigli di Milano are the main category of Navigli, which are located in Italy.
Hummelsta is located in Enköping Municipality and is part of Enköping Municipality from the start.
H700 Shenzhen Tower is located in Shenzhen, China.
The Laboring People's Party was founded in 1947 and dissolved in 1949.
George Crabbe is described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, which has George Crabbe as its author.
Woking Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom, and they fall under the category of Woking Borough Council elections.
Ice hockey is represented by the Mike Ridley Trophy in Canada.
Andrés Cubas was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team which started in an unspecified time.
Eugeni Valderrama is a member of the sports team CF Badalona, which started at an unspecified time.
Mark of the Lash is from the United States and is in the English language.
IC3PEAK is a Moscow based band signed to The Orchard.
Zhang Changning is a member of the China women's national volleyball team and the team started with Zhang Changning.
The University of California, San Diego operates Sally Ride Science.
The Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania is an instance of a dynasty and the main category is Category:Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania.
The Dortmund-Dorstfeld station was opened on 24 September 1983 and is operated by DB Station&Service.
SuperWaba is free software, available under the GNU General Public License.
Rachela Hutner was awarded the Florence Nightingale Medal.
Herman Leonard received the Lucie Awards at some point in time.
Frank Stillinger was the winner of the Irving Langmuir Award at some point in time.
Humboldt Gymnasium is a school that was established in 1979.
Marie Louise Kold, whose family name is Kold, is a human being.
Lewis Mumford received the Emerson-Thoreau Medal at some point in time.
Manolo Sanchez is a member of San Antonio FC and started playing for the team.
Nienburg (Weser) station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Danny Aiello was awarded the Theatre World Award at some point.
Margaret Morgan Lawrence graduated from Cornell University.
Dafna Dekel participated in Kdam Eurovision at some point in time.
Alex Marick is a TV character who appeared in the TV series, All My Children.
WPXQ-TV is a television station that was established in 1992.
Vladimir Shatalov was awarded the Order of Karl Marx at some point in time.
Keedie Babb performs the song \"I Believe My Heart\" which was followed by \"Sooner or Later\".
Terahara Station, which was opened in 1913, is adjacent to Shin-Toride Station.
Barry W. Higman received the Guggenheim Fellowship at some point in time.
La Passerelle (newspaper) is a newspaper that was founded in 1985.
Trey Parker won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics.
Sam Hain is a member of Warwickshire County Cricket Club, which he joined at some unknown start time.
Jan Ove Tryggestad is the head of government in Stranda, and the head of government of Stranda holds the office of mayor of Stranda.
Ellsworth County, Kansas is the capital of Ellsworth, Kansas and shares borders with McPherson County, Kansas.
Jordan Georgievski played for the North Macedonia national football team, whose start time is unknown.
Nikolai Chelnokov graduated from the A.F. Mozhaysky Military-Space Academy.
Isaac Toucey was the Governor of Connecticut and he spoke English.
The Nordic Watercolour Museum is located on Tjörn and was opened in 2001.
The Chuchura railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Chuchura railway station.
Adam Heller won the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
Tebogo Sembowa was born in Botswana and started playing for the Botswana national football team.
Liaquat Ali Khan attended the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College and graduated from there.
Wolfgang Demtröder won the Max Born Medal and Prize at some point in time.
Marco Pappa was a member of the Guatemala national football team and played for the Guatemala national football team.
Ahmed Krenshi is a member of Hajer FC and his time at Hajer FC started.
The American Ringtail is a cat breed from the United States.
Seibu Holdings is the parent organization of Prince Hotels. The Seibu Group owns Prince Hotels.
The Bank of Australasia, in New Zealand, was replaced by the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Gavin Glinton represents the Turks and Caicos Islands in football.
René Paugam is the head of government in Plouider, the Mayor of Plouider.
Doug Hicks is a human being and a member of the Minnesota North Stars team.
Shigeru Miyamoto was awarded the BAFTA Fellowship.
German submarine U-3506 was operated by the Kriegsmarine and started its operations.
Robert Scharfe, whose given name is Robert, attended the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Samir Kherbouche is a member of the sports team Amal Bou Saâda.
Frankfurt Messe station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Walter Thomas James Morgan was awarded the Croonian Lecture.
Varghese Mathai won the Australian Mathematical Society Medal.
SK Slavia Prague play in the Czech First League, which started at an unknown time.
Edmond de Goncourt, whose brother was Jules de Goncourt, is buried at Montmartre Cemetery.
Aleksei Petrenko was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation at some point in time.
The Canon de 120 mm modèle 1878 is from France and was manufactured by Charles Ragon de Bange.
Donald D. Brown received the E.B. Wilson Medal at some point in time.
The Quirinal Palace was designed by architect Ottaviano Nonni.
Esteban Granero is a member of the RCD Espanyol team since an unknown start time.
Raj Chetty was awarded the John Bates Clark Medal at some point in time.
Joash Leader is a member of the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team, which started in an unknown time.
Javier Vet is a member of the Almere City FC football team and he started playing for Almere City FC.
Cesare Pavese won the Strega Prize.
The Boon Lay Bus Interchange, operated by SBS Transit, was closed on 26 December 2009.
Mehmet Al is a member of the sports team Menemenspor, and he started playing for Menemenspor.
Marcos Reche Galera is the head of government in Oria, Spain, and is the mayor of Oria.
Renato de Villa was a General Officer who studied at the Asian Institute of Management.
Jin Seong-uk is a member of Incheon United FC and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Alex Morgan is a member of the United States women's national soccer team, which she joined at some point in time.
Mary Ephrem Glenn was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.
Nathan Lewis (footballer) is a member of Lansing Ignite FC and started playing for Lansing Ignite FC.
Herwig Kogelnik was the winner of the IEEE Medal of Honor at some point in time.
Ján Zachara competed in the featherweight class and represented Czechoslovakia.
Dr. Watson graduated from the University of London and completed his studies at the University of London.
Per Helge Johansen is the head of government in Leka, Norway, serving as the Mayor of Leka.
Albin Ekdal played for Hamburger SV.
Tom Duquesnoy is a human and his given name is Tom.
Kaisyuan metro station is located in Standard time in Taiwan, which is valid in this time zone.
Carter Rycroft participated in Curling at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award.
Western New York Flash won the National Women's Soccer League Championship in 2015.
3T Cycling is a private limited company in the leisure industry.
Vyacheslav Shevchenko played for FC Qizilqum Zarafshon and his time with the team started.
The waltz Les Patineurs is an instance of a Waltz (music) and was written by the composer Émile Waldteufel.
Robert Duncan McNeill plays a character in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Someone to Watch Over Me.
Samantha Riley participated in the women's 100 metre breaststroke at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award for it.
The Lands of Ashgrove is located in North Ayrshire and is an object in North Ayrshire.
Los Tigres del Norte won the Lo Nuestro Excellence Award at some point in time.
Rudolf Haag was a doctoral student of Friedrich Bopp at some point.
Tsutsujigaoka Station, located in Tokyo, is adjacent to Sengawa Station and is towards Sengawa Station.
Charlotte von Kalb is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes her.
The Santa Fe 5 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at some point in time.
Miguel Jaime Angos is the head of government in Longares, and he holds the office of mayor of Longares.
Dimitrios Papanikolaou, who played for Panionios B.C., was a participant in EuroBasket 1999.
Robert Paquette was a student at Laurentian University and was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival 1977.
Oliver Naesen was the general classification of the race participants of the 2016 Bretagne Classic Ouest -- France.
Jeff Nesmith received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at some point in time.
Jean-Jacques Pierre is a member of Paris FC, whose season starts at an unspecified time.
Riga Football Cup is a football in Latvia.
The Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre was designed by the architect Oskar Kaufmann.
Andrei Zharkov is a partner in business or sport with Svetlana Serkeli, who started at Svetlana Serkeli.
Tresa Pollock is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, since an unspecified start time.
The Love over Gold Tour was a concert tour by Dire Straits.
Milt Trost, whose given name is Milt, attended Marquette University.
Gelson Martins is a member of Sporting CP B and started playing for the team.
Hertha Sponer is the creator of the Birge-Sponer method and was married to James Franck.
Bicky Chakraborty was awarded the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman at some point in time.
The director of photography for Discovery at Dawn is Gherardo Gossi. The film was produced by Fandango.
Kale Water is located in the Scottish Borders.
Maria Dudycz was awarded the Victorian Honour Roll of Women.
Alaa Abdul-Hussein is a member of Erbil SC and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Albert Rafetraniaina is a member of OGC Nice. He started his career at OGC Nice.
Emmanuelle Devos plays a character in Coco Before Chanel.
Erik Thommesen received the Eckersberg Medal at some point in time.
The film Sri Rama Rajyam was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Director -- Telugu.
Rocus Lamare is a member of the India national football team and was part of the team at the start time.
Harold Urey was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at some point in time.
Spike is the developer of LifeSigns: Surgical Unit, a single player video game.
Gennady Styopushkin, known as Gennadi, played for FC Dnipro.
Jonjo Shelvey is a member of the England national football team, and he has been part of the team since 2012.
Ju Hyo-sim is a member of the North Korea women's national football team, and she started playing for the team.
Dmitry Ilovaysky was employed by Moscow State University.
Oliver Reed played a character in the 1974 film The Four Musketeers.
Matheus Caldeira Vidotto is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista and his tenure with the team began at an unspecified start time.
Geir Hoff was the father of Ludvig Hoff and Magnus Hoff is his brother.
James Worthy, who competed in the Men's basketball, was drafted by Los Angeles Lakers.
Eddie Arcaro received the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award at some point in time.
U.S. Route 189 ends in Provo, Utah, and goes towards Provo, Utah.
James Earl Jones voiced the character in the film Return of the Jedi.
Enric Prat de la Riba was a member of the Regionalist League of Catalonia since 1901.
Lorenzkirche (Nuremberg U-Bahn) is adjacent to Hauptbahnhof metro station (Nuremberg) and was opened on 28 January 1978.
Frank Stillinger was awarded the Elliott Cresson Medal at some point in time.
Ernest Foot served in the Royal Air Force and his given name is Ernest.
The Hanawa Line is connected with the Akita Shinkansen.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges shares its border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Moulins, which is located to the south.
Cate Blanchett plays a character in the film Thor: Ragnarok.
Chay Hews is a member of the Rochedale Rovers FC and played for the team.
The HMS Monarch (1911) had a ceremonial ship launching on an unspecified point in time.
Helen Kilpatrick was educated at King's College, Cambridge and works in the Cayman Islands.
DeForest Kelley stars in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
Charles L. Grant was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story.
Suresh Dutta received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at some point in time.
Janów, Grójec County is located in Standard time zone UTC + 01:00. UTC + 01:00 is valid in this period.
Erick Davis played for the Panama national football team.
James Chester participated in the 2017-18 EFL Championship and was a member of a sports team in that competition.
Elaine Fuchs is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, since an unspecified start time.
Philipp Wiesinger is a member of the sports team FC Liefering and started playing for FC Liefering.
Antonio de Fonseca served as Diocesan bishop of the diocese.
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 is an Act of Parliament (UK) that was published on 01 January 2008.
Michael Stuart Brown was awarded the Richard Lounsbery Award at some point in time.
Gerrit Jan van Heuven Goedhart won the Nansen Refugee Award.
Steven Cowley was awarded the Richard Glazebrook Medal and Prize at some point in time.
Jonny Evans participated in the 2013-14 Football League Cup and was a member of the team.
Emilie Haavi is a member of the Norway women's national football team, which she has been a part of since its start time.
Josef Kittler was awarded the IET Faraday Medal at some point in time.
Juda Hirsch Quastel received the Canada Gairdner International Award at some point in time.
Lawrence Sklar received the Lakatos Award at some point in time.
George Augustus Borthwick was educated at the University of Edinburgh and he is buried in Dean Cemetery.
Hedwig of Silesia is a character in Civilization VI and represents Hedwig of Silesia in the game.
The official language of Singapore is Tamil. The Tamil language starts in Singapore.
Alki Larnaca FC participated in the 1984 -- 85 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at Alki Larnaca FC.
Gladys Berejiklian graduated from the University of New South Wales with an academic degree.
Francisco Antunes Santana served as Diocesan Bishop of the diocese.
The USS St. Mary's (1844) was a ship of the United States Navy.
Joe Rullier, a human, is a member of the Jokerit team.
Ben Lessy stars in the film That Darn Cat! and plays a character role.
Antonio Rubio Blasco is the head of government in Carrascal de Barregas, the Mayor of Carrascal de Barregas holds the office.
Hussam bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is a Royal Highness and a member of the House of Saud.
Swap.com is an instance of a redistribution market and is a privately held company.
Fumihiko Maki received the Praemium Imperiale at some point in time.
Michael Dorn plays a character in the episode The Emissary of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Afrodisio Martin Calderon is the head of government in Villasbuenas, who holds the office of mayor of Villasbuenas.
Se las Voy a Dar a Otro is part of the Music of Latin America genre and was followed by Homenaje a Las Grandes.
Hideyuki Nozawa is a member of FC Tokyo and joined the team at an unspecified time.
Morris Cohen (scientist) was awarded the William Procter Prize for Scientific Achievement at some point in time.
W.V.D. Hodge was the winner of the Copley Medal at a certain point in time.
Samir Raja is a member of Al-Wehdat SC and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Donald D. Brown was awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize at some point in time.
Anja Feldmann was awarded the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize at some point in time.
The Dubarry ( 1951 film ) was directed by Willy Winterstein and edited by Alice Ludwig.
Jamie Coombes is a member of the Gibraltar national football team and started playing for them.
The Ashoknagar Road railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Ashoknagar Road railway station.
Dundonald, South Ayrshire is located in South Ayrshire and is a part of South Ayrshire.
The Goulden Cup is a water polo in Canada.
Mathias Rosenblad was awarded the Royal Order of the Seraphim at some point in time.
Ioseb Chakhvashvili was a member of FC Mika and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Robert S. Langer won the European Inventor Award at some point in time.
The 1612er Zwickelbier is a beer brand manufactured by Hofbräuhaus Traunstein.
Malcolm A.S. Moore received the William B. Coley Award at some point in time.
The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli is written in English and published by Hachette Books.
Philip E. Tetlock received the Grawemeyer Award at some point in time.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Klontsak played for FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, and his time with the team began.
Keith Yandle started playing in the National Hockey League.
Rodnei is a member of the sports team TSV 1860 Munich. The start time of Rodnei's involvement with TSV 1860 Munich is unknown.
Tim Coco is employed by Scripps League Newspapers which he started working for.
Ray Lankester was the winner of the Linnean Medal at some point in time.
George A. Ricaurte is an astronaut employed by Johns Hopkins University, starting at an unknown time.
Barbro Lindgren received the Selma Lagerlöf Prize at some point in time.
Vladimir Etush graduated from the Boris Shchukin Theatre Institute, which he attended until 1941.
Geir Gulliksen (writer) received the Aschehoug Prize at some point in time.
Doris Day was inducted into the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame at some point.
John R. Rickford was a winner of the American Book Awards at a point in time.
Marcus Olsson participated in the 2013-14 Football League Championship and was a member of a sports team in that league.
Leslie Lievesley, known as Leslie, played for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
The Basic Eight, written in American English, is published by Thomas Dunne Books.
Yuanlin railway station is connected to the TRA Western Line (Southern Section), and is adjacent to Yongjing railway station.
Sergey Samodin is a member of the sports team FC Mordovia Saransk. He started playing for FC Mordovia Saransk.
Jan Ove Pedersen, a human, is a member of the Norway under-16 national football team.
Yelena Bonner received the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize at some point in time.
Ben Kingsley is a cast member in the film Ender's Game and he plays a character in the film Ender's Game.
Bob Schieffer was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend award, and this award began in [start time].
Martina Hingis was the winner of the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award.
Pablo de Barros Paulino, a human, plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
Nanjala Nyabola was awarded the Rhodes Scholarship at some point.
Gérard Depardieu has received the Stanislavsky Award at some point in time.
Sarah Adwoa Safo graduated from the University of Ghana with a degree from the University of Ghana.
The ARM architecture was developed by Acorn Computers at some point in time.
The HTC Desire 826 is a smartphone model manufactured by HTC.
Xavi Molina is a member of Gimnàstic de Tarragona (Gimnàstic de Tarragona) since the start.
Alphonso Football Academy is association football in India.
Marion Cotillard plays a character in the 2015 film Macbeth.
Leonardo Carson, a human, is a member of the Auburn Tigers team.
Szewce, Sandomierz County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00.
Adolf Butenandt, a human, was awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Bernard Verdcourt was awarded the Linnean Medal.
Thomas M. Ryan Jr graduated from the University of Nebraska Omaha. He was awarded the Air Medal.
The capital of North Ostrobothnia is Oulu, the end date of which is Oulu Province.
Brad Fitzpatrick was awarded the O'Reilly Open Source Award at some point in time.
Andy Murray was the winner of the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year, which was given to Andy Murray at some point in time.
Raimonds Pauls was awarded the Order of the Polar Star at some point in time.
Tom Wilkinson plays a character in the film Selma.
Midtstuen (station) is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is the time zone that is used in daylight saving time.
Anil K. Jain (born 1948), a computer scientist, received the W. Wallace McDowell Award at some point in time.
The RNLB Mona (ON 775) is a ship manufactured by J. Samuel White.
Steve Spurrier played for the San Francisco 49ers and played the position for the San Francisco 49ers.
Kate Storey was awarded the Waddington Medal at some point in time.
Tomas Espedal received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature at some point in time.
Patrick van Rensburg received the Right Livelihood Award at some point in time.
Mark Mercuri was awarded the Crichton Medal at some point in time.
Juan Manuel Ramos is a member of Calcio Catania, which started at an unspecified time.
Backer Aloenouvo started his career in 2004 and is a citizen of Togo.
Szeréna Stern is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary and is an activist for human rights.
Dalhousie Castle is located in Cockpen and has a role in Cockpen.
Rolamellah Nouar is a member of the sports team Gap FC, and was part of the team from the start.
Cuan Na Grai is a horse born in 2001.
Yorick Wilks received the BCS Lovelace Medal at some point in time.
Mikael Lustig was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership.
Thom Haye was born in Amsterdam, which is a country.
Theodore Schwan, who held the rank of general officer, is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski was awarded the Order of the Golden Fleece at some point in time.
Ray of Light has won the Grammy Award for Best Recording Package.
Shane Duffy was a participant in the 2010-11 Premier League and was a member of a sports team in that league.
The Dubuque Rail Bridge was opened in December 1868 and is maintained by the Canadian National Railway.
Edward Witten received the Albert Einstein Medal at some point in time.
Dinesh Palipana, whose given name is Dinesh, attended the Queensland University of Technology.
Urs Widmer was awarded the Swiss Book Prize at some point in time.
Gordon Mohr is the creator of Bitzi, a website.
Bellpuig railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Andrew Mittendorf, known as Andrew, is a member of the Long Island Rough Riders.
Yuki Station (, Tokushima) is on the Mugi Line and is located adjacent to Tainohama Station.
David Blackwood received the Order of Ontario at some point in time.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury has come into force at a specific point in time.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at some point in time.
Michael Dorn plays a character in the episode The Vengeance Factor.
The Tasmanian Government Railways E class locomotive was manufactured by the Hunslet Engine Company at a certain point in time.
Patrick Wey was drafted by the Washington Capitals and studied at Boston College.
The Orkney Library and Archive is located in Orkney.
Claud William Wright was the winner of the Prestwich Medal at some point in time.
Lee-Roy Walters, a human, is a member of the Boland cricket team.
Himanshu Malik stars in Mallika, which is from India.
The Soyuz T-5 spacecraft was involved in a significant event which was docking and berthing of spacecraft at a location.
Nichelle Nichols plays a character in A Taste of Armageddon.
The portrait of Catherine Balebina is made of canvas and the canvas is applied to a part of it.
Mark Helprin won the Helmerich Award at some point in time.
Arpat Avanesyan graduated from Yerevan State University.
Jodi Kantor received the Gerald Loeb Award at some point in time.
Tim Cahill was a member of the team that participated in the 2006-07 FA Premier League.
Tino Villanueva received the American Book Awards at some point in time.
J. Anthony Lukas won the National Book Award for Nonfiction and this was the point in time he received the award.
Jordan Hugill was a member of a sports team in the 2015-16 Football League Cup and participated in the 2015-16 Football League Cup.
Richard Sharpe Shaver was born in Berwick, Pennsylvania, which is located in the administrative territorial entity Berwick, Pennsylvania.
Santiago Alba y Bonifaz, who speaks Spanish, is the father of Jaime Alba Delibes.
Hamilton College, South Lanarkshire is located in South Lanarkshire and is an object in South Lanarkshire.
The Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia describes Umbrian as being different from other Umbrian dialects.
Emile Hirsch plays a character in the film Speed Racer.
Vagiz Galiulin was a member of the FC Tosno team and started playing for them.
Highway 407 station is adjacent to Pioneer Village station, which is in the direction of Highway 407 station.
Francis Birch (geophysicist) was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at some point in time.
Utah State Route 147 connects with Utah State Route 156, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Diego Carrillo played for CD Castellón, with a start time.
Robert Noyce received the IEEE Medal of Honor.
Daniel Kleppner was the winner of the Lilienfeld Prize at some point in time.
Pskov is the capital of Pskov Oblast. Pskov Oblast started with Pskov.
Ousseynou Thioune was born in Senegal and started playing for the Senegal national football team.
Arturo Vidal is a member of the Chile national football team, which started with him.
Josep Ivars Crespo is the head of government in Senija, and he holds the office of mayor of Senija.
Greenford station is adjacent to Perivale tube station and is connected to it via the tube line.
The director of photography for La pagella is Luigi Ciccarese and the cast member is Marisa Laurito.
Brett White is a member of the Melbourne Storm team and was a part of the Melbourne Storm team.
Bennäs railway station is located in the Eastern European Time time zone, valid in this time zone.
The Arroyo Seco Parkway is located in Pasadena, California and runs in the direction of Pasadena, California.
The director of photography for Jaanwar ( 1982 film ) is Jal Mistry and the film is from India.
Daiba Station ( Tokyo ) is adjacent to Tokyo International Cruise Terminal Station, which is in the direction of Daiba Station ( Tokyo ).
Lloyd Sam was a member of the Ghana national football team, which started playing at an unspecified time.
Zoya Voskresenskaya was awarded the Lenin Komsomol Prize at some point in time.
Danny Huston was born in Rome, which is a country.
Mitchell Weiser is a member of the Germany national under 21 football team, which started with Mitchell Weiser.
Fernando Belluschi is a citizen of Argentina and played for the Argentina national football team.
Don Ohlmeyer won the Sports Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
COSCO International Holdings is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Merchant Adventurers is a song and was written by Edward Elgar.
Peter-Erich Cremer was awarded the U-boat Front Clasp, which is a U-boat Front Clasp awarded at a certain point in time.
Yann Sommer participated in the UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of the sports team.
Violette Cornelius is represented by the Netherlands Photo Museum, which has Violette Cornelius as an object.
Fresno FC is a team that plays in the USL Championship and their home ground is Chukchansi Park.
Paul Foster-Bell is a member of the 51st New Zealand Parliament, representing the 51st New Zealand Parliament.
Mona Van Duyn has won the National Book Award for Poetry at some point in time.
Sydney Chapman, a mathematician, received the William Bowie Medal at some point in time.
Oribe Station is adjacent to Kochibora Station, and is towards Kochibora Station.
Nandu M. Natekar received the Arjuna Award.
Philipsburg, Sint Maarten is a capital city.
Mark Bradford (American football), a human, plays for the Dallas Cowboys.
Delaware Route 100 is part of the Delaware State Route System and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Moe Franklin, who is a human, was buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery.
Sigourney Weaver is a cast member of the film Alien 3, where she plays a character role.
Ahmed Ali Kamel is a member of the Egypt national football team, which he has been a part of since 2011.
DynCorp is a subsidiary of Cerberus Capital Management since its acquisition.
Miguel Suárez is a citizen of Bolivia and has played for the Bolivia national football team since 1956.
Axel Villanueva is a member of the Nicaragua national football team, which started playing in 2004.
Nikolay Koshelev graduated from the Imperial Academy of Arts.
The Parish of Wallaroo is located in Murray County, New South Wales.
Scott Frost was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at some point in time.
The EMD RS1325 is a product of Electro-Motive Diesel.
Barbara Walters, married to Merv Adelson, started her career in 1953.
Marco Ilaimaharitra played for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Alexandre Jardin was awarded the Prix Femina at some point in time.
Yamazaki Station in Aichi is adjacent to Morikami Station and is towards Morikami Station.
Kensaku Morita became the head of government of Chiba Prefecture on an unknown date.
Hideki Ishige is a member of the Shimizu S-Pulse team and started playing for them.
Mark Jefferson (geographer) received the Cullum Geographical Medal at some point in time.
Doxa Katokopias FC was relegated to and played home games in the 2001 -- 02 Cypriot First Division.
Charlie Callas performed as Count Dracula.
Abdullaziz Al-Dawsari is a member of the Saudi Arabia national football team and is associated with the start time of the Saudi Arabia national football team.
Michael Wright is a basketball player who competes in men's basketball and is a member of the CB Granada team.
Shawn Heins, a human, is a member of the San Jose Sharks team.
The Adoration of the Magi (tapestry) is owned by a private collection.
Lady's Linn is located in the local authority of Dumfries and Galloway and has a role in Dumfries and Galloway.
John Forbes Nash Jr. was born in Bluefield, West Virginia, which is a location within the administrative territorial entity Bluefield, West Virginia.
Govi-Altai Province uses the language Southern Mongolian and contains the administrative territorial entity Biger, Govi-Altai.
Labinot Harbuzi is a member of Melaka United, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Viktor Serebryanikov was born in Zaporizhia, which is a city in Ukraine.
Lev Sverdlin was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at an unspecified point in time.
Muirkirk is located in East Ayrshire and is an object within East Ayrshire.
Sifan Hassan competed in the 2017 IAAF Diamond League, which is a sports discipline she participated in.
Henry Higgs is described by The Times, and The Times is a source that makes a statement about Henry Higgs.
Luke (name) is the name of Luke Nevill, who played for Utah Flash.
Shemel Louison was born in Grenada and started playing for the Grenada national football team.
Clarisse Le Bihan played for the France women's national football team, and was part of the team at the start.
The filming location of Hoodlum is New York City. Tim Roth is a cast member in Hoodlum.
Bogucin, Ciechanów County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00. UTC + 01:00 is valid in this location.
Stefan Pichler is an employee of Lufthansa, starting at an unspecified time.
Tony Dorsett won the Heisman Trophy at a certain point in time.
F. Peter Guengerich was awarded the William C. Rose Award at some point in time.
Jun-ichi Nishizawa was awarded the IEEE Edison Medal at some point in time.
Veysel Aksu was a member of Bayrampaşa SK, which started with Veysel Aksu.
Golden Wings in Snowfield is a steel roller coaster made by Vekoma.
Utah State Route 149 ends in Jensen, Utah, heading in that direction.
Edwin La Dell is known as Edwin and is relative to Charles Mozley.
Turów, Lubin County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00.
Dino Risi was born in Milan, Italy.
The book The Stand, written in English, won the NPR Top 100 Science Fiction and Fantasy Books award.
Natalya Saifutdinova is a member of the Astana Women's Team, and her time with the team started.
Marina Sirtis plays a character in the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode Cost of Living.
The Airborne Early Warning Group (JASDF) is part of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.
Ernest Clarke contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Ernest Clarke as its subject.
Fadd, Hungary is located in the time zone UTC + 01:00. This time zone is valid in this period.
Luuk de Jong participated in the 2011-12 UEFA Europa League and was a member of a sports team in that competition.
David Herman is the voice actor for Jak in Jak 3.
Paul Walker is a cast member of the film Fast & Furious 6 and plays a character role in it.
De Warenne Academy is sponsored by the Delta Academies Trust and operated by the Delta Academies Trust.
Younes Al Shibani is a member of Ismaily SC and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
The Pretender : Rebirth is a speculative fiction novel in the English language.
Willem van Bemmel worked in Augsburg, specifically during a certain point in time.
Pat Buchanan is a cast member of An Unreasonable Man, which is from the United States.
Kerry Condon is the voice actor for the character in Avengers: Infinity War.
Kisaburo Yokota was awarded the Person of Cultural Merit at a certain point in time.
Eva von Bahr (physicist) is employed by Uppsala University and started working there at an unknown time.
Robert Crippen was awarded the Hubbard Medal at some point in time.
Gianni Romme won the Oscar Mathisen Award at some point in time.
Tim Nicholls graduated from Queensland University of Technology with a degree.
Ricardo Fernandez Gonzalez is the head of government in Trabadelo, the head of government of Trabadelo is the mayor of Trabadelo.
Leonid Hurwicz was awarded the National Medal of Science.
Matheus Leite Nascimento played for FC Dnipro, joining the team at an unknown start time.
Clara Montalba is the daughter of Anthony R. Montalba and works in the Netherlands.
The Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 is an Act of Parliament (UK) that was published on 01 January 2006.
Geoff Pullar was awarded the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award.
The Indian locomotive class WU was manufactured by Vulcan Foundry at some point in time.
Federico Fellini was a BAFTA Fellowship winner at some point in time.
Brian Vernel plays a role in the TV series The Last Kingdom.
Wang Manli is a speed skater who won an award in the women's 500 metres event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Iserbrook station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Kristoffer Pallesen is a member of the sports team Viborg FF and joined them at an unspecified time.
Bruno Gabriel Soares is a member of FC Kairat. He started playing for FC Kairat.
Roger Rojas is a member of the Honduras national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Dana Scott received the Harold Pender Award at some point in time.
Michael J. Bloomfield is a crew member of STS-97.
La Grande Vadrouille was distributed by StudioCanal and was released by StudioCanal at an unspecified start time.
Rosemary Laing is represented by Galerie Lelong, and Galerie Lelong has a role of representing Rosemary Laing.
Donald Kirk received the George Polk Awards at some point in time.
Marco Larsen is a member of the FC Midtjylland team, whose start time is not specified.
William Shatner stars in The Mark of Gideon, where he plays a character.
Dwayn Holter is a citizen of Luxembourg and started his career in 2007.
The Mont Cenis Pass Railway, named after the Mont Cenis massif, was opened on 15 June 1868.
Schweizer Fernsehen won the German Film Award for Best Feature Film and was also nominated for the same.
Sourouklis Troullon is a member of the Cyprus Football Association and participated in the 2004 -- 05 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Jean Le Veneur served as Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
René Unglaube, known as René, played for Hertha BSC.
Mohamed Ben Othman is a member of Angers SCO and started playing for Angers SCO.
The Corn snake is originally known as Coluber guttatus and is also a synonym of Coluber guttatus.
J.T. Noone is a member of the Baltimore Blast, whose career with the team started on a specific date.
Solonovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which started on an unspecified time.
The Essential Gloria Estefan is a greatest hits album from the United States.
Joni Taylor is an employee of Louisiana State University.
The Man from Chinnamasta, written in English, is published by Katha Books.
Craignish Castle is located in Argyll and Bute and is an object in Argyll and Bute.
Severnlea, Queensland is located within the electoral district of Southern Downs, which is the district that includes Severnlea, Queensland.
Michelle Bolsonaro was the First Lady of Brazil, starting from 2019.
The Iida Line connects with the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line of.
Shane MacEachern, a human, is a member of the St. Louis Blues.
Ty Burrell stars in the TV show Modern Family.
Tom Lutz won the American Book Awards at some point in time.
John J. McMahon served as the Diocesan Bishop of a diocese.
Nicola Agnozzi was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
Maléfices, written by Guillaume Rohmer, was published by Jeux Descartes.
Sheryl Crow was the winner of the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist.
Karen Muradyan is a member of FC Alashkert and started playing for the team at an unspecified time.
Sam Hendriks played for AFC Ajax, whose start time is unknown.
The director of photography for Quiet Cool was Jacques Haitkin and the film originated from the United States.
Ryan Seacrest created Momma's Boys, the presenter of which is Cesare Cadeo.
Zachary Quinto plays a character in the TV series Heroes.
The author of No Pasa Nada is José Luis Roma and it was produced by Hanna Nicole.
Kurokawa Station (Kanagawa) is located adjacent to Kurihira Station, and Kurihira Station is located towards Kurokawa Station (Kanagawa).
Damián Malrechauffe is a member of Quilmes Atlético Club, and he started playing for Quilmes Atlético Club.
Leslie Uggams stars as a character in Deadpool 2.
Laura Fygi was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Yunomoto Station is adjacent to Ichiki Station, and is towards Ichiki Station.
Rajab Mwinyi was a member of the Burundi national football team, whose start time is not specified.
Romuald Figuier participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969.
J. Adam Brown stars in the movie Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire.
Anass Achahbar, from Morocco, plays for Feyenoord.
Matsuzuka Station, which was opened on 21 March 1925, is adjacent to Masuga Station.
Parton, Dumfries and Galloway is located in Dumfries and Galloway and Dumfries and Galloway has the role of Parton, Dumfries and Galloway.
The Price of Life (1987 film) is a Science fiction film in English language.
Martha L. Ludwig graduated from the University of California, Berkeley.
Wakkanai Airport is operated by New Chitose Airport and its scheduled service destination is New Chitose Airport.
Jahongir Abdumominov played for FC AGMK, and his stint with the team started.
Oliver Smithies was the winner of the Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Prize at some point in time.
Susaek station, which is adjacent to Digital Media City station, was opened on 01 April 1908.
The Calgary Mustangs (soccer) play in the Canadian Professional Soccer League (1983) and their home ground is McMahon Stadium.
Radoslav Terziev played for PFC Botev Plovdiv, and he started playing for the team.
Francesco Piccolo won the Strega Prize.
Loh Sea Keong was a member of the Thailand Continental Cycling Team and started at an unspecified time.
Asier Illarramendi participated in the 2013-14 La Liga and was a member of a sports team in that league.
Werdohl station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Massimo Borgobello is a member of F.C.D. Conegliano Calcio 1907, which he joined at an unspecified start time.
Isaac Fe'aunati plays a character in the film Invictus.
Deadly Virtues, which is from the Netherlands, was produced by Elliot Grove.
Blankenfelde station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
The Caudron C. 60 is an aircraft manufactured by Caudron.
One More Tomorrow ( film ) was directed by an unknown director and Bert Glennon was the director of photography, and David Weisbart was the film editor.
Paitela Kelemene is a member of the Tuvalu national football team, which starts playing.
The Post canonical system, a Semi-Thue system, was invented by Emil Leon Post.
Eddie Maple was the winner of the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award.
Atsutaka Nakamura played for Kashima Antlers.
Bend Senior High School occupied Old Bend High School, which is now at the end of its time as a school.
Michel Tognini was a crew member of the STS-93 mission.
Bernhard Friedmann is a native German speaker and works in Bonn.
Agnel Gomes is a member of the Sporting Clube de Goa, which he joined at some point in time.
Benguela Province is a location where the Kuvale language is spoken. It contains the administrative territorial entity Chongorói.
Mahmadu Alphajor Bah, a human, plays for Mighty Blackpool F.C.
Romilly Fedden worked in Volendam at a certain point in time.
Ethnikos Achna FC participated in the 2000 -- 01 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at Ethnikos Achna FC.
Leonard Piontek, a human, was a participant in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Maffeo Giovanni Ducoli was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Kirsty Bertarelli was the winner of Miss United Kingdom at a particular point in time.
Jean-Eudes Maurice played for FC Aktobe, and his time with the team started.
The head coach of Juventus FC is Maurizio Sarri, and he started as the head coach of Juventus FC at an unspecified time.
Cohen House in London was designed by Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank, who is the architect for this building.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport has a scheduled service to Singapore Changi Airport. Singapore Changi Airport operates Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport.
Alex Avila is the son of Al Avila and a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Derek Foran is a member of Sacramento Republic FC and was part of the team from the start.
Diego Rigonato Rodrigues is a member of the Stade de Reims team. The start time for Stade de Reims is associated with Diego Rigonato Rodrigues.
Carlos Lima is a citizen of Cape Verde and started playing for the Cape Verde national football team.
Brent Bookwalter was the winner of the 2015 USA Pro Cycling Challenge.
Andrei Belyanin was born in Astrakhan, Russia.
The Pioneer Zephyr is a passenger train manufactured by the Budd Company.
Jordy Clasie was a member of the Netherlands national football team, who started playing for the team.
Keita Baldé is a member of the Catalonia national football team, which started with Keita Baldé.
Corentin Tolisso participated in the 2018-19 Bundesliga and was a member of a sports team for the 2018-19 Bundesliga.
Anthony Hill (American football) is a human being and a member of the Indianapolis Colts team.
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC participated in the 1955 -- 56 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at Nea Salamis Famagusta FC.
LeVar Burton stars in the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode Reunion.
Mariano Sambucetti played for Bristol Bears.
The Arizona Cardinals' head coach is Steve Wilks and their home venue is Wrigley Field.
Andreas Wiegel was a member of the MSV Duisburg team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time.
Khurshit Lutfullayev is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team. The start time of the Kyrgyzstan national football team is not specified.
Topolnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which started on [no specific date mentioned].
Borys Orlovskyi is a member of FSC Bukovyna Chernivtsi and started playing for the team.
The head coach of FK Haugesund is Jostein Grindhaug.
Beacon Hill, New South Wales is in the electoral district of Wakehurst and the electoral district of Wakehurst has Beacon Hill, New South Wales as part of it.
Manny Jiménez, known as Manny, played for the Rochester Red Wings.
Sergei Kostin was a member of the FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo team.
AEK Larnaca FC participated in the 1994 -- 95 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at AEK Larnaca FC.
Frankenstein Conquers the World is set in Hiroshima, and the story takes place in Hiroshima.
Bob Fosse was the winner of the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at some point in time.
Nichola McAuliffe was the winner of the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical at some point in time.
Anthony Scaramozzino is a member of RC Lens and his time with the team started.
Joan Allen plays a character in the film The Bourne Legacy.
Sophie Amalie Moth is named Sophie and is the mother of Christiane Gyldenloeve.
Torrensville, South Australia is located in the Division of Hindmarsh and is part of the Division of Hindmarsh.
Marek Rutkiewicz was a participant in the 2019 Tour de Pologne and was a member of the team.
Earl Mossor, a human, is a member of the Mobile Bears team.
Emmanuel Ullmo was the winner of the Elie Cartan Prize at some point in time.
Nikolaos Karabelas was a member of the Greece national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Bell station (TRE) is on the Trinity Railway Express line and is located adjacent to Richland Hills station.
Remo Holsmer, a human, is a member of the BC Kalev team.
The novel Secret Nation is from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Narciso Lubasa was a member of the TuS Erndtebrück team from the start.
Mark Webber was the winner of the DHL Fastest Lap Award, specifically in a particular point in time.
Hidenori Ishii played for Tokushima Vortis, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Vladislav Lyakh played for FC Dinamo Minsk. Vladislav Lyakh's time at FC Dinamo Minsk started.
Yury Tselykh played for FC CSKA Kyiv.
Barbara Borg is a member of the German Archaeological Institute, where she has a role.
Sasha Alexander plays a role in the TV series NCIS.
Charlotte Cardin participated in La Voix.
Skerdilaid Curri, from Germany, plays for VFC Plauen.
Milad Zeneyedpour is a member of the Dalkurd FF and started playing for the team.
The Hathras Kila railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Hathras Kila railway station.
Marat Khairullin was a member of the Kazakhstan national football team. The Kazakhstan national football team started with Marat Khairullin.
Andris Liepa is a citizen of Latvia, where he started his career.
Slovenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 and performed.
The Missouri Compromise is a United States legislation.
Nicolás Klappenbach is a member of the Uruguay national rugby union team. The start time of his participation in the Uruguay national rugby union team is not specified.
Muchlis Hadi is a member of the PSM Makassar team, which he joined at some point in time.
Jack Douglas, a record producer, speaks English and is a different person from Jack Douglas.
Heinz-Otto Schultze served in the Kriegsmarine.
Stephanie Bukovec is a member of the AFC Ajax Vrouwen team, and she started playing for them.
Joe Gomez (footballer) was a member of the team participating in the 2017-18 EFL Cup.
Charles Fanning was the winner of the American Book Awards, at some point in time.
Ricardo Velazco is a member of the Real Monarchs. Ricardo Velazco's time with Real Monarchs started.
Harmeet Singh (footballer) is a member of the Norway national football team, whose career with the team started at an unknown time.
The Javanese Latin alphabet is a Latin-script alphabet used in the Javanese language.
David Sutcliffe plays a character in the TV show Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life.
Dmytro Pryma is a member of the FC Stal Kamianske team, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Junior Poluleuligaga played for the Samoa national rugby union team and was a part of the Samoa national rugby union team, which started at an unspecified time.
Ruben A. Aquino is the animator of The Little Mermaid ( 1989 film ) and Ruben A. Aquino has a role in The Little Mermaid ( 1989 film ).
Zlatko Portner, whose child is Nikola Portner, played for FC Barcelona.
Daniel Mullins was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
The home ground of Harrogate Town A.F.C. is Wetherby Road and the club's head coach is Simon Weaver.
Valentina Telichkina was awarded the Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR in 1965.
Bernadette Courty is the head of government in Richebourg, Yvelines, and the head of government is the Mayor of Richebourg.
Ferdinando Gentile was the father of Alessandro Gentile, who is the brother of Stefano Gentile.
Dudu Twito was a member of the Israel national under-21 football team and played for the Israel national under-21 football team.
Bob Barker plays a character in the film Happy Gilmore.
Larry Jackson played for Wilmington Hammerheads FC, which started with him.
Samuele Beretta played for Inter Milan, and his time with the team started at an unspecified point.
Dean DeBlois created the Lilo & Stitch franchise which includes the Game Boy Advance game Disney's Lilo & Stitch.
Dora Afi Abotsi, also known as Dora, competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Zarathos is a character in the comic book series Marvel Spotlight.
Reid Bailey, a human, is a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Francis Kahata is a member of the Kenya national football team, which has a start time.
Japan National Route 422 was started in 1982 and is maintained by Shiga Prefecture.
Brent Spiner plays a role in the film The Next Phase.
Vladimir Arnold was the winner of the Lenin Prize at some point in time.
Tahj Mowry is the voice actor of Kim Possible.
Kamoliddin Murzoev is a member of FC Dinamo Samarqand. The start time of FC Dinamo Samarqand is not specified.
Tommaso Ruffo was consecrated by Pope Innocent XIII.
Yerson Opazo is a member of the Chile national football team, whose start time is not specified.
Leandro Rosa Souza is a member of Santa Cruz Futebol Clube, whose start time is not specified.
Boris Boyanchev played for FC Pirin Gotse Delchev, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
Adrian Kurek is a member of Team Hurom and plays at the start time for Team Hurom.
Kate Mulgrew plays a character in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Someone to Watch Over Me.
The SS Empire Broadsword is a Steamship manufactured by Consolidated Steel Corporation.
Faouzi Abdelghani is a member of the sports team JS Massira, and JS Massira was acquired by Faouzi Abdelghani.
Jinju is twinned with Zhengzhou, but the start time is not specified.
Mukaisenoue Station, which opened on 01 July 1988, is adjacent to Senoue Station.
Zhao Baofang, who is the brother of Zhao Yiming, competed in cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Arthur Kopit was the winner of the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical.
Charlie Stobo played for the New South Wales cricket team, whose career started on an unknown date.
K.P. Appanna was a member of the Karnataka cricket team and played for Karnataka cricket team.
Dimitris Stamou was a member of the Greece national under-21 football team and was part of it.
Dirleton Kirk is located in East Lothian, and East Lothian is the administrative territorial entity where Dirleton Kirk is located.
Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man was first performed on 1 November 1868 at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
The Deployable Operations Group is categorized as the Deployable Operations Group and is from the United States.
The Gustav Rohrich Sod House is located in the United States and has the rustic style of architecture.
Claudio Bortolotto was the winner of the 1980 Giro d'Italia.
Kazuhiko Chiba played for the Japan national football team, which started in an unspecified time.
Angelo Rizzoli was awarded the Globo d'oro for his work.
Sergey Bubka was a citizen of the Soviet Union until its dissolution.
Moshkovsky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which began on an unspecified start time.
Wellesley Farms station, designed by Henry Hobson Richardson, is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The main category for Cal State Northridge Matadors football is Cal State Northridge Matadors football, which is from the United States.
Victor Hănescu lives in Bucharest, Bucharest is his country of residence.
The NZR OC class locomotive was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works in a certain point in time.
Cornell Woolrich won the Martin Beck Award.
Romeo Papini played for U.S. Lecce.
Dexter Jackson, a human being, is a member of the Carolina Panthers team.
Batayevka is located in the Samara Time zone and uses Samara Time, which is the time zone's start time.
Gaetano Belloni was the winner of the 1928 Giro di Lombardia.
George Henry Bogert worked in Haarlem, and was active at a certain point in time.
Marat Anvaryevich Safin, a human, plays for FC Volga Ulyanovsk.
Josh Keaton stars in The Even Stevens Movie.
The League of Legends European Championship is organized by Riot Games and sponsored by Kia Motors.
Theo Epstein graduated from the University of San Diego School of Law with a law degree.
Roger Moore plays a character in the production of Romulus and the Sabines.
Gaston Therrien, a human, is a member of the Diables Noirs de Tours.
Alain Viret is the head of government in Ferreyres, the mayor of Ferreyres.
The Treviso Cathedral is located on Piazza del Duomo and has an architectural style of Neoclassical architecture.
Corry Evans was a member of the team that participated in the 2018-19 UEFA Nations League B.
Georges Bereta scored the goal in the 1970 Coupe de France Final and is a member of the team.
Cavan Biggio was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays at some point in time.
Niki Cross, a human, is a member of the Newcastle Jets FC team.
Connor Trinneer plays a character in the film Fallen Hero.
Adam Teuto is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes Adam Teuto.
Nadine Garner plays a character in City Homicide.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement.
The Alfa Romeo Arna is powered by a petrol engine and is made by Fiat Automobiles.
The Strikers are a funk band from New York City, United States.
Moussa Sissoko participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup as a member of a sports team.
Willem van der Woude was the doctoral advisor of Nicolaas Kuiper, who had Floris Takens as one of his doctoral students.
Elisa Lohmann is a member of the Schweriner SC, and she started playing for the team.
Victor (name) Cannings played for Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
Hari Ng Sablay, originally in English, is a film distributed by Regal Entertainment.
Hannah Park is located in North Lanarkshire, North Lanarkshire has Hannah Park.
Annia Hatch participated in the women's vault gymnastics event at the 2004 Summer Olympics and received an award for her performance.
Gastón Otreras played for Unión San Felipe, which started with him.
The main category for energy in Spain is Category:Energy in Spain, which is related to Spain.
Omer Damari is a member of the Israel national football team, who started playing for the team.
The Battle of Blarathon took place in Ganzak, with unknown sourcing circumstances.
Robert Edmund Graves contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Robert Edmund Graves as its subject.
Hovhannes Abelian lived in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic from an unknown start time.
Artem Dudik, a human, plays for the FC Slutsk.
Nour El Sayed is a member of ENPPI SC and has been a part of the team since the start.
The Challengers was created by Ron Greenberg and distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
Shaun Hutchinson was a participant in the 2009-10 Scottish Premier League and was a member of a sports team in the 2009-10 Scottish Premier League.
Philippa York won the 1990 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré.
Abdennour Siouane was born in Algeria and started playing for the Algeria national under-23 football team.
Jay Lenton is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, which started in 2002.
Josh Archibald plays in the National Hockey League.
Interstate 95 terminates at New Brunswick Route 95 which is located in the direction of New Brunswick Route 95.
Martin O'Toole was a citizen of the Irish Free State.
Gardiehbey Zeo is a citizen of Liberia and has played for the Liberia national football team since 2013.
Like Water for Chocolate is a romance novel set in Mexico.
Roman Zharikov is a member of FC Tomsk, which started with Roman Zharikov.
The Chicago State Cougars women's basketball team plays at the Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center and they are part of the Western Athletic Conference.
Michael Donskoff is a citizen of Russia and started his career in Russia.
Allison Janney plays a character in the episode Twenty Five of The West Wing.
Cameron Bayly is a member of the Bennelong SwissWellness Cycling Team p/b Cervelo and was part of the team since the start.
Rick Fitts plays a character in the film You Lucky Dog.
The Helmsley Building is located on Park Avenue and has the Beaux-Arts architectural style.
Pappachen Pradeep is a member of the India national football team. Pappachen Pradeep is associated with the start time of the India national football team.
The National Association of Immigration Judges is affiliated with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, which it joined at an unspecified point in time.
Konstantynów, Sochaczew County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00.
Leonardo Jara is a member of Boca Juniors, and he started playing for Boca Juniors.
John Francis Queeny was the chief executive officer of Monsanto, until the end.
Sadio Sow, a human, is a member of Gazélec Ajaccio.
Eduardo Gadiano is the head of government of Occidental Mindoro, starting from an unknown date.
Cecilio Eloy Roy Enguita is the head of government in Cimballa, who holds the office of mayor of Cimballa.
The Kashipur Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Kashipur Junction railway station is valid in the Indian Standard Time.
The Jagdalpur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Jagdalpur railway station.
Henricus Franciscus Wiertz was born in Amsterdam, Amsterdam.
WarBirds is a video game for macOS.
The home ground of the Las Vegas Aviators is Las Vegas Ballpark. The Las Vegas Aviators play at Las Vegas Ballpark.
The Hollywood Matador is a production of Walter Lantz Productions, which was made using traditional animation.
Manuel Perez (footballer) was a member of the Stade Brestois 29 team from an unknown start time.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of Salgueiro Atlético Clube and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Vladimir Gorodetsky was a citizen of the Soviet Union until his death.
Sigurd Rushfeldt won the Kniksen Award for striker of the year and played for Rosenborg BK.
Steven Davis participated in the 2016-17 EFL Cup and was a member of a sports team in that competition.
Kevin Killen won the Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year, which was won by Kevin Killen at some point in time.
Jean Zimmer is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Kenneth Zohore is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team and was part of the team from the start.
Raiano railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Renato Ramos played for A.C. Barnechea and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Mahasti is buried in the Pierce Brothers Westwood Village Memorial Park and Mortuary, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Michael Cooper was the winner of the J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award.
Walter Gotell plays a character in the film Moonraker.
The University of Paris was replaced by the University of Paris 13 Nord at a certain point in time.
Jimmy Tomlinson, a human, is a member of Darwen F.C.
Spike Milligan played a character in the 1973 film The Three Musketeers.
Hairol Mokhtar is a member of the Sarawak FA and was part of the team since its start.
Yoo Kyoung-youl is a member of Cheonan City FC. Yoo Kyoung-youl started playing for Cheonan City FC.
The Saleen S1 is a car manufactured by Saleen.
Ramzan Asayev is a goalkeeper who is a member of FC Akhmat Grozny.
Darren Amoo is a member of Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, and his start time with the team is unknown.
Abdullah Mousa is a member of the United Arab Emirates national football team, which has a start time.
Carli de Murga is a member of the Philippines national football team, which started playing.
Irina Mikitenko, known as Irina, competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sacramento Republic FC play in the USL Championship and their home ground is Papa Murphy's Park.
Nunukan Regency has the capital of Nunukan and shares its borders with Miri Division.
Leonidas Lee attended Princeton University and he is buried in Rosehill Cemetery.
The 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II -- Singles was part of the 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II. It was followed by the 2015 Grand Prix Hassan II.
David Gugganig is a member of FC Liefering and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Jabari Arthur, a human, is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Kairat Nurdauletov is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team and was part of the Kazakhstan national football team from the start.
The Indianapolis Colts won the Best Game ESPY Award at some point in time.
Goran Siljanovski played for the North Macedonia national football team.
Agustín Casanova is the Mayor of Portoviejo Canton, the head of government.
Peter Kaiser is the Governor of Carinthia, the head of government in Carinthia.
Sardor Mirzaev is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Paolo Goltz is a member of Club Atlético Independiente, and his time with the team began.
Valentyna Semerenko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award.
Karaulnoye is located in the Moscow Time zone where Moscow Time ends.
Maria Skobtsova was born in Riga, Latvia.
Ben Taskar, whose name is Ben, was supervised by Daphne Koller.
André Micael is a member of F.C. Paços de Ferreira, which started with him.
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) played for FC Haka and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
The British game show Catchphrase is an English language program distributed by ITV Studios.
Woody Harrelson played a character in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 2.
Bob Spargo Sr. was a member of the Melbourne Football Club and Bob Spargo is his child.
David Foster is the producer of I've Got the Next Dance, which is from the United States.
Zhao Deyin's surname is Zhao and he has a child called Zhao Kuangning.
Courtney B. Vance appears in the film Let It Shine.
Sangerhausen station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
NTT Docomo is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and its listing on the New York Stock Exchange began at an unspecified time.
Julien Durand, a footballer, was a member of Gombak United FC and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Joseph Michael Sullivan was an Auxiliary bishop and was consecrated by John J. Snyder.
Paul Haggis won the Valentine Davies Award.
Antonio Ropero Morales is the head of government in Olocau, who holds the office of mayor of Olocau.
Ottaviano Nonni was born in Bologna, Italy.
Pauline Moore stars in the 1939 film The Three Musketeers.
The film First Monday in October is based on First Monday in October and is named after the first Monday in October.
Chris Warren (basketball, born 1981) attended Lakeview Centennial High School and is a member of U.D. Oliveirense (basketball).
Takanomiya Station is an adjacent station to Matsue Vogel Park Station, and Takanomiya Station is towards Matsue Vogel Park Station.
David Fincher won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at some point in time.
Radha Yadav plays for the India national cricket team in India.
Berkhamsted railway station, named after Berkhamsted, is located in or next to the Grand Junction Canal.
Marcus Berg is a member of the Sweden national football team, which started with him.
Malik Asselah is a member of the Algeria national football team which started at an unknown time.
André Onana is a member of AFC Ajax, and he started playing for the team.
Hans-Peter Tschudi, who is from Basel, was a Member of the Swiss Council of States.
Yoshinori Sekiguchi is the director of photography in Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S., which was originally shown in Japanese.
Henderson Land Development is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, specifically since its listing began.
Wilfred Ndidi participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup as a member of the sports team.
Lewis Sergeant was a contributor to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Lewis Sergeant as its subject.
Andrei Alekseyevich Ivanov was a member of FC Sibir Novosibirsk, whose career with the team started at an unspecified time.
Roman Sabler is a member of the sports team FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda. He started playing for FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.
Price of Glory was directed by Affonso Beato. The original language of Price of Glory is English.
The Global Network Initiative has Millicom as a part and started at an unspecified time.
Davide Succi played for A.C. Cesena and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Rukwanzi Island is located in Uganda, Uganda disputes its ownership of Rukwanzi Island.
Eduard Martsevich, who received the award People's Artist of the RSFSR, is the father of Filipp Martsevich.
Njabulo Ndlovu is a member of the Eswatini national football team and was part of the Eswatini national football team from an unspecified start time.
Fredrik Carlsen played for Aalesunds FK, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Nicola Tomacelli served as the Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
The original language of Moskal-Charivnyk is Ukrainian and it was made by the Dovzhenko Film Studios.
Kindrochit Castle is located in Aberdeenshire and is an object in Aberdeenshire.
Maximiliano Amondarain is a member of Elche CF Ilicitano and started playing for the team.
Mark Rypien is a human being and a member of the Cleveland Browns team.
Mike Coffman was educated at Aurora Central High School.
Henry Bruton contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Henry Bruton as its subject.
Gifu Castle was named after Qishan County, and Qishan County was named by Gifu Castle.
Daniel Karamoy is a member of Persebaya Surabaya, which started at an unspecified time.
The 2014 Tinkoff -- Saxo season included Roman Kreuziger, who finished the season.
Mel Gibson plays a character in the film Mad Max.
The principal photography of Captain America : The First Avenger was a significant event and it started.
Anthony Ribelin was a member of Montpellier HSC. He started playing for Montpellier HSC.
EPA Larnaca FC participated in the 1949 -- 50 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at their home venue.
Clodoaldo Paulino de Lima is a member of Figueirense FC and joined the team at an unknown start time.
César Abaya was a member of the Chad national football team, whose start time is not specified.
Serkan Yusein played for PFC Botev Plovdiv, and his tenure started.
Abdullah al-Hamid graduated from Al-Azhar University.
William O. Brady served as Diocesan Bishop of a diocese.
Hal Rogers Parkway is part of the Numbered highways in Kentucky and is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Jean Lacouture was the son of Joseph Lacouture. He was married to Simonne Lacouture.
The Bhavnagar Para railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Bhavnagar Para railway station.
Suhan Alagaratnam, a human, is a member of the Malaysia national cricket team.
Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, a member of the House of Flanders, was the brother of Geoffroy de Boulogne.
Yevgeny Lipeyev participated in the Modern pentathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics and received an award there.
Durga Prasad Yadav lives in Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party.
Mounir Obbadi is a citizen of Morocco and played for the Morocco national football team.
Giuseppe Pizzardo was a Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Itako Station is adjacent to Nobukata Station, and Nobukata Station is towards Itako Station.
Roger L. Jackson is the voice actor of a character in The Powerpuff Girls Movie.
Yves Feys is a human being and a member of the Royal Antwerp F.C. team.
The Thiruvallikeni railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Indian Standard Time is valid for the Thiruvallikeni railway station.
Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun played for the Togo national football team.
Alyaksandr Taykow, known as Alyaksandr, played for Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Frank Edward McGurrin was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, which is a city located in the state of Michigan.
Gilles Poux is the head of government in La Courneuve, the Mayor of La Courneuve.
David Kiki was a member of the Benin national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Pablo Llorente Jodra is the head of government in Bliecos, and the office held by the head of government is mayor of Bliecos.
Imran Qayyum played for Kent County Cricket Club, and his time with the team started.
Robert Carradine is a member of the Carradine family and his brother is Michael Bowen.
Rick D. Wasserman is the voice actor of an unspecified character in Batman: Arkham City.
The Medal `` For the Defence of Odessa '' was designed by Nikolay Moskalyov and is made of brass.
Alice Pearce was born in New York City, New York.
Rafael Rodriguez Alonso is the head of government in Benafarces, the mayor of Benafarces.
The Buckland riot occurred in Porepunkah.
Smailholm Tower is located in the Scottish Borders, which the Smailholm Tower is a part of.
Patrick Bergin stars in the 1998 film The Lost World.
Shaun Marsh is a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club and his stint with the team began.
Minara Station ( Ehime ) is an adjacent station to Aidai Igakubu Minamiguchi Station, and Aidai Igakubu Minamiguchi Station is towards Minara Station ( Ehime ).
Upendra Yadav was born in Bhagawatpur, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
The director of photography for Stander is Jess Hall and the film is produced by Seven Arts Pictures.
British Rail Class 312 has a total production of +49 trainsets, with a quantity of +49.
Karl Ullmann is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes Karl Ullmann.
Michael Dawson (footballer), a human being, plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Sizy Bugor is located in the Moscow Time zone, where Moscow Time ends.
John Obi Mikel is a member of the Nigeria national football team. The Nigeria national football team started with John Obi Mikel.
Andrei Konovalov was born in Chelyabinsk, Russia.
Sewraj Dawochand was born in Mauritius and started playing for the Mauritius national football team.
The novel 'To the Stars' is written in English and its main subject is Dystopia.
Arkadiusz Milik participated in the UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of a sports team.
Zsolt Kiss is a member of BFC Siófok and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Fwayo Tembo was a member of the Zambia national football team, which started playing in 1980.
DeForest Kelley plays a character in the episode The Mark of Gideon.
Nonoichi Station in Ishikawa is adjacent to Oshino Station, and Oshino Station is towards Nonoichi Station in Ishikawa.
Lovely Rosa was a horse who competed in horse racing and was born in 1933.
Bob Moore (American football), a human being, plays for the Denver Broncos.
Brandon Bess played for the West Indies cricket team.
Jude Law plays a character in the film Captain Marvel.
Joan S. Valentine graduated from Princeton University.
Boyko Borisov was born in Bankya, which is a location in Bulgaria.
Joseph Worsley is a member of VfB Friedrichshafen, which started its activities at an unknown time.
Hans Dragendorff was a member of the German Archaeological Institute, where he had a role.
Emily Osment plays a character in the show Hannah Montana.
Eleanor Bron is with Cedric Price and is also the sister of Gerry Bron.
Moussa Dembélé (French footballer) is a member of Olympique Lyonnais, and he started playing for Olympique Lyonnais.
Leonardo Devanir de Paula is a member of Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube, whose career with the team started in 2011.
William Dugald MacDougall is known as Dugald and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Fedor Malykhin, a human, is a member of the Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg team.
Wang Hong, whose family name is Wang, was the son of Wang Xun, the calligrapher.
Paul Angelis voiced a character in the film Yellow Submarine.
Harry Conway is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, and he started playing for the team.
Zhongsheng Group is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Ron Livingston plays a character in the miniseries Band of Brothers.
Robert Snodgrass was a participant in the 2008-09 FA Cup and was a member of a sports team in the 2008-09 FA Cup.
Diego Collado Ciudad is the head of government in Acedera, and the office held by the head of government is the mayor of Acedera.
Onur Dogan played for the Chinese Taipei national football team, which started at an unspecified time.
Dheem Tharikida Thom is from India and the cinematographer was S. Kumar ( cinematographer ).
Carlos Brathwaite is a member of the Quetta Gladiators and he started with the Quetta Gladiators.
Dean Gorré, whose child is Kenji Gorré, played for Blackpool F.C.
The Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line connects with the Hokuriku Main Line, which is the line of the Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line.
Michael J. Fox plays a character in the Back to the Future franchise.
Jeffrey Garcia is the voice actor of Carl Wheezer in The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius.
Louis Thauron is a partner of Angélique Abachkina and competed at the 2016 World Junior Figure Skating Championships - ice dancing.
Mirco Bergamasco was a member of the Zebre team from the start.
Armands' name day is April 22, which is a country.
Laura Allen plays a character in the TV series The 4400.
James Doohan played a role in the film The Ultimate Computer.
Izumo Sakane Station is adjacent to Miinohara Station, which is towards Izumo Sakane Station.
The KM131 Jeep is a car model manufactured by Kia Motors.
Natalie Portman played a role in the 2008 film The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Assisi Underground ( film ) was made in Italy and the production designer was Luciano Spadoni.
Ken Kallaste was a member of the Estonia national under-21 football team, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Fellipe Bertoldo, from Brazil, plays for Clube Atlético Guaçuano.
Batu Anam railway station is located in the Time in Malaysia, which is valid in this period.
Luciano Vella is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Keegan Rosenberry is a member of the Philadelphia Union team.
Joe Watson (ice hockey) plays as a defenceman for the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Stouffville line's terminus is Lincolnville GO Station, which is located in the direction of Lincolnville GO Station.
Alojs Andritzki lives in Dresden and his time in Dresden ended.
Sowno, Koszalin County is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00 and is valid in this time zone.
California State Route 92 ends in Half Moon Bay, California, and is headed in the direction of Half Moon Bay, California.
The Bede BD-8 is an Aircraft designed by Jim Bede.
Yana Kalinina is a member of the Ukraine women's national football team, and she started playing for the team.
This is a list of people from Comilla, Bangladesh, which is a Wikimedia list article.
Will Beer played for Sussex County Cricket Club, whose career with the club started at an unknown time.
Carlos Quintero, a cyclist, is a member of Ningxia Sports Lottery -- Livall Cycling Team, joining the team at an unknown start time.
Martin Boehm (dean) graduated from Reutlingen University.
Still Life with a Poem is made of oil paint and is in the Norton Simon Museum.
Goh Swee Swee is a member of Hougang United FC, and Hougang United FC's start time is associated with Goh Swee Swee.
TAAG Angola Airlines was formed in Luanda, which is the country's capital.
Harry McNulty is a member of the Ireland national rugby sevens team and played for the Ireland national rugby sevens team.
The Forum ( American magazine ) is published in New York City, United States.
Drei Annen Hohne station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
Richard Lupino played a character in the film Just William.
The Nankai Main Line connects with the Wakayamako Line of.
William Thorburn was a surgeon and worked in the field of surgery.
Eugenio Donoso Gracia is the head of government in Valenzuela de Calatrava, the mayor of Valenzuela de Calatrava.
Ricky Garbanzo is a member of the Charleston Battery and his time with the team began at an unspecified start time.
Colin McFarlane plays a character in the film Batman Begins.
Jana Aranya is part of the Calcutta trilogy and is a sequel to Seemabaddha.
Carlos González Cruchaga served as Diocesan bishop of the diocese.
Steven Pressley is the coach of Carlisle United F.C. and a member of Randers FC.
The provincial road N763 in the Netherlands ends in Oldebroek and goes in the direction of Oldebroek.
The 1960 Lady Wigram Trophy had a fastest lap by Jack Brabham and Jack Brabham took the pole position.
Carles Planas is a member of RC Celta de Vigo, which he joined at some unknown time.
Thorsten Heins was the chief executive officer of BlackBerry Limited and his tenure ended.
Kazak, Bulgaria is located in time zone UTC + 02:00 and this time zone is valid in this period.
Linus Roache plays a character in the film Batman Begins.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari (born 1948) is a member of Steel Azin F.C.
IBM is the developer of the operating system, Java Card OpenPlatform.
Kiran Mokashi is a human being and a member of the Mumbai cricket team.
San Luis Obispo station is adjacent to Grover Beach station which is connected to the Pacific Surfliner service.
Pat Carter, a human being, is a member of the Arizona Cardinals team.
Eduardo Arroz is a member of Treze Futebol Clube, whose start time is not specified.
Marcus Claudius Marcellus (Julio-Claudian dynasty) was born in Rome, which was part of the Roman Republic.
The architect of Kings Weston House is John Vanbrugh, and it is in the English Baroque style of architecture.
Ciaran Clark is a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team, which started on 2009.
The Eastern Kentucky Colonels football team is based in the United States and their home ground is Roy Kidd Stadium.
Kane County Chronicle is a tabloid newspaper published in St. Charles, Illinois.
Ernando is a member of Sport Club Internacional, and his time with the team started.
David Veit is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Rolls-Royce Soar is a turbojet and was manufactured by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division.
Gabriel Agbonlahor was a participant in the 2011-12 FA Cup, and was a member of the sports team for the 2011-12 FA Cup.
Myongchon Station is located in the Time in North Korea time zone, which is valid in that period.
Rita Saffioti graduated from Curtin University and received her academic degree from Curtin University.
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz was born in Madrid, Spain.
Hussein Abdulghani is a citizen of Saudi Arabia and started his career in the Saudi Arabia national football team.
The 2016 AFL season was won by the Western Bulldogs and also featured Fremantle Football Club.
Byglandsfjord Station, designed by Paul Due, is a heritage site in Norway.
The Duel (2010 film) was filmed in Croatia and originates from the United States.
Rafael Alves Targino is a member of FC Osaka, whose career with the team began at an unspecified time.
Tom Hiddleston stars in The Night Manager.
Simon Peter Poh Hoon Seng was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
NorgesGruppen is the parent organization of Bunnpris, a food retail company.
Paul Ginisty was born in Paris, France.
A Tribute to Courage, which depicts Sam Houston, was created by David Adickes.
Hall bei Admont is an administrative part of Liezen District.
Robert Siodmak created Count Alucard, whose father is Count Dracula.
Kristian Laferla, a human, is a member of the Malta national football team.
Anne Jeffreys was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina, which is a city in the United States.
Elizabeth Warren is a candidate in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries which started with Elizabeth Warren.
Eric Roberts played a character in the film The Dark Knight.
Yeshey Dorji is a member of Thimphu City FC and started playing for the team.
The Daily Show is written by Jim Earl and starts at Jim Earl's time.
Paul Lake, a human being, is a member of Manchester City F.C.
Imran Sahib played for Tampines Rovers FC. Imran Sahib's start time for Tampines Rovers FC is not specified.
Marcus Danielson is a member of the sports team GIF Sundsvall, which he joined at an unspecified start time.
John Harris Browne is a citizen of Australia, who started his career on 22 October 1955.
Hendrik Hansen plays in the Bundesliga in Germany.
Stefano Okaka was a member of the Italy national football team.
Ahmed Omran is a member of ENPPI SC and was part of ENPPI SC at some point in time.
Emma Ermawati, married to Budi Santoso, was a participant at the 2000 Asian Badminton Championships - Mixed doubles.
Shahar Ginanjar is a member of the Indonesia national football team and the team's start time is not specified.
Pavlo Savelenko played for FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, and his time with the team started.
Jackson Willison is a member of FC Grenoble. Jackson Willison started at FC Grenoble.
Sonny Bill Williams is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, whose career started on an unspecified date.
Mahammed Dionne is the current Prime Minister of Senegal.
The Allen Institute for Brain Science was founded by Paul Allen at a specific point in time.
Edward Joseph Hanna was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
Kim Hae-sook plays a role in the film The Throne.
Abdenour Amachaibou played for FC Gießen, with his tenure starting at an unknown time.
Amit Guluzade is a member of the sports team Sumgayit FK, and he started playing for them.
Clayton Lewis (footballer) was a member of the New Zealand national under-20 football team and played for the team at some point in time.
The patron saint of Ribesalbes is Saint Christopher, which is located in the neighboring area of Fanzara.
Geoffrey Ghesquière was a member of the Olympique Saint-Quentin team and his tenure with the team started.
Ilir Azemi is a member of the Kosovo national football team and started playing for the team.
Terry Godwin played for the Carolina Panthers.
Ahmadnagar Sultanate is located in Asia and shares borders with Adil Shahi dynasty.
Bob McCulley is a human and plays in the National Hockey League.
The European Library was discontinued on 31 December 2016 and was dissolved on 31 December 2016.
Utah State Route 92 connects with Interstate 15 in Utah, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Toshiba manufactured the New Zealand DSJ class locomotive at a certain point in time.
The director of photography for Light Cavalry (1927) is Werner Bohne and Vivian Gibson starred in it.
Phil Bardsley is a member of the Scotland national football team, and his association with the team began in 2010.
Luis Ravaschino is a member of Sportivo Barracas and was part of Sportivo Barracas at some point.
Georgios Kolokoudias is a member of Apollon Limassol FC, whose career with the team started at an unknown time.
Frank Moniz played for the Kearny Scots, whose games started at an unspecified time.
Eevamari Rauhamäki lives in Rovaniemi.
Edward Norton was the producer and played a character role in the film 25th Hour.
Bruce Douglas (rugby union) played for Bristol Bears.
Gordon Medd was born in Birmingham and started his career with Birmingham City F.C.
The Barbary Coast (TV series) was created by Douglas Heyes and is in the English language.
The Alacan railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone. The Philippine Standard Time is valid in this period.
Karl Adolph von Basedow is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
George Galloway is a candidate in the 2016 London mayoral election and a member of a political party.
Pavol Grman played for FC Nitra, which he joined at some unknown time.
Rowdy Rebel is signed to Epic Records and started performing in 2012.
Alan Mineiro is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, which he joined at an unknown start time.
Norm Greeney, a human, is a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team.
The main category for Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball, which is from the United States, is Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball.
James McAvoy stars in the 2019 film Glass.
Josete Miranda is a member of the Getafe CF B team and joined at an unspecified start time.
The Bellanca 14-13 is an aircraft manufactured by AviaBellanca Aircraft.
Embarcadero Technologies is the developer of RadPHP, an integrated development environment.
Darrell Pace participated in the men's individual archery event at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award in the same event.
The Chiavari chair is a Chair. The Chiavari chair was designed by Giuseppe Gaetano Descalzi.
Nishiyama Station (Fukuoka) is adjacent to Sangamori Station, and Sangamori Station is towards Nishiyama Station (Fukuoka).
Adam Baldwin stars in the TV series Firefly, playing a character role.
Ernst Deger is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes Ernst Deger.
Samuel Timmins contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography. The Dictionary of National Biography has Samuel Timmins as its subject.
Shuanglian metro station is located in Standard time in Taiwan, which is valid in this time zone.
Mikhail Glukhov, whose country is Russia, plays for Amur Khabarovsk.
Jaouad Zairi played for A.P.S. Zakynthos.
Joseph Bartholomew served as a Judge of.
Leonhard Kaufmann played for SV Austria Salzburg, joining in an unknown start time.
Manuel Battistini was a member of the San Marino national football team which started in [start time].
Aris Limassol FC play at Tsirio Stadium. There is no information about the start time of the games at Tsirio Stadium for Aris Limassol FC.
Chris Hakius was a member of the band Om, which is a group that had an end time.
John Davies, a swimmer, participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and received an award at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Kai Holst was a breeder, specifically of something.
The wine region of South West France has the Côtes du Marmandais as part of it. South West France (wine region) is located in Dordogne.
Stevie Bonsapia is a member of the Indonesia national football team and was part of the Indonesia national football team's start time.
Allahabad Airport is operated by and its scheduled service destination is Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport.
Peter Connors was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Pedro Orozco was the Titular Bishop of a diocese.
Little Nicky ( cat ) is a cat and was born on October 17, 2004.
Djimon Hounsou plays a character in the 2010 film The Tempest.
Ken Baumann stars in the TV series The Secret Life of the American Teenager.
Kostadin Slaev, a human, is a member of the FC Vereya team.
Seyfarth Shaw is a limited liability partnership, specifically a limited liability partnership that applies to its jurisdiction.
Cape Otway Lighthouse is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and is located on Cape Otway.
Mamadou Mbodj is a member of the Senegal national under 23 football team. The Senegal national under 23 football team of Mamadou Mbodj started.
Jeremy Staunton, a human, is a member of the London Irish team.
Daru Taumua is a member of the American Samoa national football team, which starts at an unspecified time.
Stephen Robinson was a crew member of the STS-95 mission.
Mos Def stars in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Cirie Fields, whose surname is Fields, lives in Norwalk, Connecticut.
José Antonio Rodríguez (Mexican footballer) is a member of C.D. Guadalajara, which he started playing for.
An Phoblacht, written in Irish, was published in Belfast.
Chidozie Awaziem is a member of FC Porto B and started with the team.
Sergej Evljuskin is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Dean Sylvester is a human and plays in the National Hockey League.
The Sumlock ANITA calculator is a calculator manufactured by Bell Punch.
The Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
Petar Patev played for FC Dunav Ruse and joined the team at an unknown start time.
Eric Campbell ( baseball ) is a member of the New York Mets, and played for the New York Mets.
Edgar Snow, who was married to Helen Foster Snow, is buried at Peking University.
Maurice Tadman, born Maurice, played for Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Bernard Le Gall is the head of government in Mahalon, and he holds the office of Mayor of Mahalon.
Luis Rogel is a member of Coquimbo Unido, and he started playing for Coquimbo Unido.
Japan National Route 138 was started in 1953 and is maintained by Yamanashi Prefecture.
Gilbert Rey, a human, is a member of the FC Lausanne-Sport team.
Adam Ruud, a human, is a member of the Charlotte Eagles.
Fethi Missaoui competed in the light welterweight boxing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award for it.
The Mohafiz (vehicle) was designed by Heavy Industries Taxila and manufactured by Heavy Industries Taxila.
Tommy Kirk plays a character in the 1959 film The Shaggy Dog.
Bald Rock National Park is located in New South Wales and has the IUCN category II: National Park classification.
The Japan National Route 454, which was started in 1993, is maintained by Akita Prefecture.
The Dornier Delphin is a flying boat manufactured by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
Dan Tudin is a member of Ritten Sport and was a part of the team at the start time.
Lecce railway station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid in this period.
Peter Bourke stars in the film S.O.S. Titanic.
The Malkajgiri railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Malkajgiri railway station is valid in the Indian Standard Time.
Yan Naing Aung, a human, is a member of Yangon United F.C.
FC Tiraspol play in the Moldovan National Division and their home ground is the Sheriff Stadium.
Masquerade ( play ) was first performed at the Alexandrinsky Theatre in 1852.
Kelechi Iheanacho was a member of the team that participated in the 2015-16 Premier League.
Franklin Roosevelt Bueres was a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista and joined the team at an unspecified start time.
Domingo Kamonga is a citizen of Namibia and has played for the Namibia national rugby union team since 2007.
Anthony Daniels, who is a voice actor, played a character role in Star Wars Rebels.
Texas State Highway 220 is part of the Texas state highway system and is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation.
Joanna Priestley graduated from the University of California, Berkeley.
France Crowning Art and Industry is a work by Georges Diebolt made of limestone.
The Kanonen was designed by Werner Stengel and manufactured by Intamin.
Utah State Route 92 connects with U.S. Route 89 in Utah, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Merode station is connected to the rapid transit service and is adjacent to the Montgomery metro station.
Thilina Suranda is a citizen of Sri Lanka and has been part of the Sri Lanka national football team since 2019.
Gordon King (American football), a human being, plays for the Stanford Cardinal football team.
The Plain White Banner is white in color and includes the Manchu Plain White Banner.
Caozaiguo is a dish from China and it contains glutinous rice.
The TruePic is an image processor manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Gabriel Iglesias provided the voice for UglyDolls.
HMS Holland 1 had a ceremonial ship launching event at a specific point in time.
California State Route 20 ends in Fort Bragg, California, which is to the west.
Ryszard Prostak, who played in men's basketball, participated in the EuroBasket 1981.
The book At the Center of the Storm is written in English and is about the Central Intelligence Agency.
Sanborn Maps is a map collection that applies to the United States.
Gerard Brennan lives in Sydney at some point in time.
James Hart Stern was born in Los Angeles, Los Angeles.
A. J. Edds played for the Iowa Hawkeyes football team.
Márk Jagodics is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team and was part of the team from its start.
Novoshipunovo is located in the Omsk Time zone and the Omsk Time period has ended.
The Badarpur Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Badarpur Junction railway station is valid in the Indian Standard Time.
The Place Dalida shares its border with the rue de l'Abreuvoir and is named after Dalida.
Charles Taze Russell was born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which is a location within the administrative territorial entity Allegheny, Pennsylvania.
Shirburn Castle was designed by architect Henry Yevele.
Vossem, Germany is located in the time zone UTC + 01:00 and this time zone is valid in this period.
Aidil Zafuan is a member of the Malaysia national football team, which started in an unspecified time.
The Raven was published in New-York Mirror.
Nikolaj Hust is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team, which started at an unknown time.
Jean Aberbach is a sibling of Julian Aberbach and a relative of Freddy Bienstock.
Maria Dolors Guàrdia Gasull is the head of government in La Tallada d'Empordà, the mayor of La Tallada d'Empordà.
Dora Nelson is different from Dora Nelson. Carlo Ninchi stars in the 1939 film Dora Nelson.
The Malaysian Communist Party was from Malaysia and was dissolved in 1987.
Larvell Blanks is a shortstop who played for the Cleveland Indians.
Koji Miyoshi is a member of the Kawasaki Frontale team, whose season started in 2019.
Nilakshi de Silva, a human being, is a member of the Sri Lanka national cricket team.
Ryan Perry, a human, is a member of the Washington Nationals team.
Ronald MacDonald served as the Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Kirti Patel, a human, is a member of the Madhya Pradesh cricket team.
Paul Scherrer was a doctoral advisor of Peter Debye and a member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Fergana is the capital of Fergana Region, the start date of which, is unknown.
Aminou Bouba is a citizen of Cameroon and started playing for the Cameroon national football team.
Georg Samuel Dörffel is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Michael Gothard plays a role in the film For Your Eyes Only.
Medusa Challenger was filmed in Chicago and the original language of the film is English.
Demba Sow is a member of the Mauritania national football team and started playing for them.
Mapfre Stadium is sponsored by Mapfre. Mapfre Stadium has a start time associated with Mapfre.
The Kawasaki KZ200 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine.
Patrick Modeste was born in Grenada and started his career for the Grenada national football team.
Nazarovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone which started on an unspecified date.
Manu Intiraymi plays a character in Q2, a Star Trek: Voyager episode.
The Tobu Kameido Line, which is connected with the Tobu Isesaki Line, has its terminus at Hikifune Station.
Megan Barker is a member of the Drops Cycling Team, and she started with the team.
Gates McFadden plays a character in the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode Inheritance.
Essen Zollverein Nord station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Valeria Miranda is a member of the Mexico women's national football team and was part of the team from its start.
Adam Kinzinger served in the Illinois Air National Guard, starting at an unknown time.
Gus Dudgeon founded The Rocket Record Company and was the founder of The Rocket Record Company.
Umegasawa Station is adjacent to Semine Station, and is towards Semine Station.
Pierre J. Thuot is a crew member of STS-62.
Christos Palaiologos is Mayor of Livadia Municipality.
Bridie Kean competed in the Women's basketball event at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
Lyndon B. Johnson was the signatory of the Cuban Adjustment Act, which was passed under his administration.
Aleksander Karapetyan participated in the 1995 World Weightlifting Championships and received an award there.
Olst railway station was closed on 15 May 1936. It was located next to Deventer railway station.
Saint Lucia was a signatory to the Berne Convention at some point in time.
The Studebaker Coupe Express is a truck made by Studebaker.
The TSS Hibernia (1899) had a ceremonial ship launching event at a specific point in time.
The main category for gambling in Japan is Category:Gambling in Japan, which is related to Japan.
Otto I, Duke of Bavaria is the subject of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which describes him.
Little Deuce Coupe was published in the United States on an unspecified date.
Robert Rauschenberg created the Monogram, which is an artwork.
Alimi Ballard plays a character in the episode Arrow of Time of the TV series Numbers.
Jacinto Sanz Blasco is the head of government in Villaseca de Uceda, and he holds the office of mayor of Villaseca de Uceda.
Banjarmasin is the capital of South Kalimantan.
The Carthaginian II is a ship that was built in Kiel.
The South Australian Railways East-West Stock was made by South Australian Railways at Islington Railway Workshops.
Robert Zimmermann, a painter, is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is a source that makes a statement about Robert Zimmermann.
Croy, Switzerland is located in the Jura-Nord vaudois District. French is the official language.
Roxann Dawson played a role in the Star Trek: Voyager episode Infinite Regress.
Jennifer Ehle plays a character in the 1995 TV series Pride and Prejudice.
IZOMBIE was created by Mike Allred and published by Vertigo Comics.
Waldemar Cierpinski participated in the men's marathon at the 1976 Summer Olympics and received an award for his performance in the men's marathon at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Pompeo Mignucci served as Diocesan bishop of the diocese.
The main category of Tendring District Council elections are Tendring District Council elections which are held in the United Kingdom.
Karen Cushman wrote Catherine, Called Birdy and speaks English.
Silvia Hindorff participated in the women's artistic team all-around gymnastics event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, for which she received an award.
Maurice LaMarche voices Pinky and the Brain.
Knut Holmann competed in the men's K-1 500 metres canoeing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won an award in that event.
Susan Haskell stars in the film Smart House.
Sam Sunderland is the winner of the 2017 Dakar Rally.
Maria Luisa Gil Pastor is the head of government in Fuente de Santa Cruz, and she holds the office of mayor of Fuente de Santa Cruz.
Francisco Javier Hernández Redero is the head of government in Huerta, Salamanca, and he holds the office of mayor of Huerta.
The main subject of Anxious Nation, which is written in English, is the History of Australia.
The Lippisch Delta IV is an aircraft model designed by Alexander Lippisch.
The Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission is located in Riverdale Park, Maryland, and is situated on the street in Riverdale Park, Maryland.
You, Me and the Apocalypse was shown on Sky One, which is a country in the UK.
FC Kaliakra Kavarna play in the Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) and their home ground is Kavarna Stadium.
The Great Friendship was written in 1919 and is set in the Caucasus.
Rishi Reddi was born in Hyderabad, India.
The Wild Wild West, which was filmed in Los Angeles, was distributed by Viacom between 1952 and 2006.
The Ridge Route ends at Castaic Junction, California, and goes east from there.
The North Gloucestershire Combination Junior Cup is a rugby union competition and it is competed in rugby union.
Tracy Letts is a cast member in the 2016 film Christine, which is about Christine Chubbuck.
Japan National Route 302 is part of the limited-access road highway system in Japan.
The South Manitou Island Lighthouse is located on South Manitou Island and is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Luxembourg was a contest for a seat in the European Parliament, specifically for the electoral district.
Rosa Markmann is a Protestant and the wife of Gabriel González Videla.
Tamara Tyshkevich, a competitor in the 1956 Summer Olympics, won the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.
The Nallasopara railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and is valid in that time zone.
Juanita Millender-McDonald is a teacher and works as a teacher.
The Malawi Lomwe language is spoken in Blantyre District, which is surrounded by Chiradzulu District.
Dan Hamhuis started playing in the National Hockey League.
The Nippori-Toneri Liner connects with the Toden Arakawa Line of.
Promsvyazbank is an open joint-stock company in the financial services industry.
Google Map Maker was developed by Google and was discontinued on 31 March 2017.
Marnie Hughes-Warrington graduated from Merton College, Oxford.
The Bundesautobahn 62 has its terminus in Nonnweiler and goes in the direction of Nonnweiler.
Chris Romano is a cast member of How I Met Your Mother, where he plays a character.
The English language miniseries Tin Man was produced by Sonar Entertainment.
There Goes My Girl was directed by Nicholas Musuraca and edited by Desmond Marquette.
Avery Brooks plays a character in the film A Time to Stand.
Ongudaysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which started on [no specific start time mentioned].
The Harichavank Monastery is affiliated with the Armenian Apostolic Church and is located in the Diocese of Shirak.
John Joseph Boardman was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
John Rooney (bishop) was the Titular Bishop of the Diocese.
Vladimir Artemov participated in the men's artistic individual all-around gymnastics event at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award for it.
Marie Ortal Malka participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
Gerald Ford was the signatory of the Metric Conversion Act, which was signed by Gerald Ford.
Felix Ehrenhaft was a doctoral student of Walter Thirring at some point in time.
The Ducati 851 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.
Mourad El Mabrouk, who competed in men's basketball, participated in AfroBasket 2013.
The Spirit of Eternal Repose is a sculpture created by Auguste Rodin.
Nechlin station has an adjacent station to Prenzlau railway station and is connected to the RE 3 service.
Cape Bonavista Light is a provincial historic site made of lumber.
Marian Buczek was the Auxiliary bishop of a diocese.
Mike Brkovich was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks at some point in time.
David Huddleston played a character in the film The Big Lebowski.
Scott Bakula stars in the TV series Babel One, where he plays a character.
The Soyuz-U had its first flight on 18 May 1973. It was manufactured by the Progress Rocket Space Centre.
Smack (software) is a Linux Security Module, released under the GNU General Public License.
Nichelle Nichols plays a character in The Trouble with Tribbles.
Posadowice is located in the time zone UTC + 01 : 00.
Robert Beltran stars in the film The Chute.
Levinus Hulsius is described by the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, and the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie is a source that makes a statement about Levinus Hulsius.
Ann Magnuson is a cast member of Cabin Boy which was designed by Colleen Atwood.
Barbados was a signatory to the Berne Convention at some point in time.
Luiz Gustavo participated in the 2008-09 Bundesliga season and was a member of a sports team.
Talgat Musabayev was a crew member of the Soyuz TM-19 and held the position.
Tiffany Hines plays a role in the TV series Nikita.
Derrick O'Connor plays a character in the TV series Alias.
Dennis Weatherby, an African American, is employed at the University of Notre Dame.
The Kuleana Act of 1850 (Hawaii) is a legislation that applies to Hawaii.
Francisca Iglesias Salgado is the head of government in Plasenzuela, who holds the office of mayor of Plasenzuela.
Carlyle Mitchell was a member of the team that participated in the 2019 Copa América.
Cleopatra's Wedge is a public art work made of weathering steel.
Elizabeth Blair Lee is a significant person in Acorn Park, where she has a role.
House Ordos is a fictional noble family from the Dune universe.
The director of photography for A River Changes Course is Kalyanee Mam. The original language of the film A River Changes Course is Khmer.
Beihu railway station is located in the time zone of Time in Taiwan, which is valid during a certain period.
Grigoriy Lvovitch Bondarevsky was born in Odessa, Ukraine.
The director of photography for The Concorde... Airport '79 is Philip H. Lathrop and Cicely Tyson was in the cast.
Kuromatsunai Station is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company which is a part of the Hokkaido Railway Company.
The Chak Rakhwal railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone. The Chak Rakhwal railway station is valid in the Indian Standard Time.
The home ground of G.D. Interclube is the Estádio Joaquim Dinis and the head coach is Bernardino Pedroto.
Yekaterina Abramova competed in speed skating, and in the women's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics, she received an award.
Johannes Burman was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The Indian Hunter is a sculpture, created by John Quincy Adams Ward.
Carmen Ejogo plays a role in the film Selma.
The Petrovsky Stadium was opened on 26 July 1925 and has undergone reconstruction.
The New Orleans Saints won Super Bowl XLIV, which was played by the Indianapolis Colts.
The official color of South Carolina is indigo. The indigo color of South Carolina starts at an unspecified time.
John Bokyngham served as Diocesan Bishop of the diocese.
Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa plays a character in the TV series Revenge.
F. Trubee Davison is a relative of Artemus Gates, who is a type of kinship.
Tom Felton stars in The Flash (2014 TV series).
Sven Authorsen, whose given name is Sven, is a partner in business or sport with Yvonne Schulz.
Ongudaysky District is located in the Omsk Time zone and the Omsk Time ended in Ongudaysky District.
Kamel Sajid, a Lieutenant general, served in the Iraqi Army.
Amanda Weir participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and received an award at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Convair 990 Coronado is the operator of Spantax Flight 275 which was operated from Tenerife North Airport.
Lin Shaye stars in Bachelor Party Vegas, which is distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.
The Autostrada A3 in Italy is maintained by Autostrade Meridionali and its terminus is in Naples.
The ONDAR Show was filmed at Moulin Rouge and the original language of the film is French.
Pablo Chiapella plays a character in the TV show La que se avecina.
Kenny Tete was a member of the team that participated in the 2016-17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round.
Takefusa Kubo was a member of the team that participated in the 2019 Copa América.
Ballastny Kuryer is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which started on 27 March 2016.
Peter Cehlárik started playing in the National Hockey League.
Aliy Zirkle lives in Alaska, where she started her journey.
Mark de Jonge participated in the Canoeing at the 2012 Summer Olympics -- Men's K-1 200 metres and received an award for this event.
Car2go is a GmbH and its parent organization is Daimler AG.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is affiliated with the University of London, which it started.
Charles Victor stars in The Saint's Return.
Maria Concepcion Hernandez Vicente is the head of government in Mogarraz, the mayor of Mogarraz.
Charles Bernstein was born in New York City, New York.
Wincentów, Piaseczno County is located in the time zone UTC + 02:00, and this time zone is valid in this period.
Jean Davy plays a character in the film Le Masque de fer.
Pere Tena Garriga was the Auxiliary Bishop of a diocese.
DKP Log Parser is free software, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Johannes Voorhout is the subject of the statement in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The English language series Grace and Frankie was created by Marta Kauffman.
The Spratly Islands are located in the UTC +07:00 time zone, which applies to a part.
Aull, Germany is located in the Standard time zone UTC + 01:00 and is valid in this time zone.
Junichi Harashima is a member of the band Sigh, which is signed to The End Records.
Juma Darwish Al-Mashari was born in Oman and was a part of the Oman national football team from an unknown start time.
Kolia Litscher's mother is Catherine Belkhodja and he has a brother named Jowan Le Besco.
Roy Kim started performing in 2012 and plays the Guitar.
Brian Hill (ice hockey) is a human and plays in the National Hockey League.
Andres Alonso Casquero is the head of government in Cerecinos de Campos, the Mayor of Cerecinos de Campos.
Shapingba District is twinned with Innere Stadt, but it does not have a start time for this.
Tsushima Airport is operated by Japan Airlines and its scheduled service destination is Fukuoka Airport.
Wanshoulu station, which is located on the Xi'an Metro, is adjacent to Tonghuamen station and Tonghuamen station is in the direction of Wanshoulu station.
Ruth Dombey is the leader of Sutton borough council and is the head of government in the London Borough of Sutton.
Bob Kuhn was Mayor of Glendora.
Ponghak Station is located in the Time in North Korea, which is valid in period.
The Ivory Ape starred Cindy Pickett and was distributed by the American Broadcasting Company.
José Milla y Vidaurre was born in Guatemala City, which is the capital of Guatemala.
Tony Anselmo is the animator of Oliver & Company.
Robert Moreno was the coach of the Spain national football team.
Sean Paul performed in the song Cheap Thrills.
Kota Bharu railway station is located in the time zone of Malaysia, and this time zone is valid in Malaysia.
Towngas China is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Chhinnapatra is a work translated by Tridip Suhrud.
The Galitzin Triptych is made of canvas and its canvas applies to part.
Sam Carrick started playing in the National Hockey League.
The sphenopalatine foramen is a cranial conduit and is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition).
Junta de Villalba de Losa is twinned with Santa Fe, Argentina, but no information is available about the start time of this twinning.
Seiran Khatlamadjian lives in Yerevan and Yerevan is the start time of Seiran Khatlamadjian.
Juan Dominguez Palermo lives in Buenos Aires.
Soleil Moon Frye was born in Glendora, California, which is a location within the state of California.
The head coach of Wichita State Shockers women's basketball is Keitha Adams.
D.L. Hughley plays a role in the film Inspector Gadget 2.
The Balrampur railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone and the Indian Standard Time is valid in this period.
Dmitry Malyshko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award there.
Shido Station is adjacent to Orange Town Station, and is located towards Orange Town Station.
Natassia Malthe plays a character in the film BloodRayne 2: Deliverance.
Angie Harmon played a role in the film Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker.
Igor Khankeyev was born in Omsk, Russia.
Ogden Point is served by the transport hub of Victoria, British Columbia and is operated by Helijet.
Bradley International Airport is operated by Edinburgh Airport and its scheduled service destination is Edinburgh Airport.
Flintholm Station is located in the Central European Time Zone, which is valid during the Central European Time period.
The Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto, built by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico, has Taranto as her home port.
Dorothy Marshall was a councillor for an electoral district.
Valeriy Kriventsov was born in Donetsk, which is a city in Ukraine.
Jellyfish.com, a subsidiary of Microsoft, is in the E-commerce industry.
Jan Davis is a crew member of STS-60.
Cate Campbell participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Jamie Gillis has a role in the film The Story of Joanna.
Audrey Dufeu-Schubert graduated from Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 with an academic degree.
Sokor is located in the Moscow Time zone where the end of Moscow Time is.
The language spoken in Buenos Aires is South Bolivian Quechua and the city contains the Comuna 13 (Buenos Aires).
Marilyn Anderson graduated from the University of Melbourne with an academic degree.
Talossa has a Constitutional monarchy government and its head of state is Robert Ben Madison.
Monika Cassens is married to Claus Cassens and was a competitor at the 1966/1967 GDR Junior Badminton Championships – Women's singles.
George Nader plays a character in the film Sins of Jezebel.
N.T. Rama Rao stars in Thodu Needa.
Ahna O'Reilly was born in Palo Alto, California, which is a city located in the state of California.
The ARP String Synthesizer is a musical instrument model manufactured by ARP Instruments.
Little Rock, Arkansas is the capital of Arkansas.
Herman Joseph Alerding served as Diocesan bishop of a diocese.
Suling Wang is represented by the Victoria Miro Gallery, which is also the gallery that represents Suling Wang.
Idaho State Highway 167 is located in Elmore County, Idaho and applies to part of Elmore County, Idaho.
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra Foundation, founded in 1981, is a non-profit organization located in Tel Aviv.
Atomic Antelope is a video game developer founded in 2009. They are in the publishing industry and are headquartered in London.
Stephen Jay Gould graduated from Antioch College with an academic degree. He studied at Antioch College until the end time, and his academic major was at Antioch College.
Metro Santa Cruz is a tabloid newspaper that was founded in 1994 and is owned by Metro Newspapers.
Eckener Point, a headland, is located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the continent of Antarctica. It is claimed by Argentina.
The Prairies and Pineywoods Wildlife Trail, which offers a view on the Sam Houston National Forest, is located in Texas, United States. The trail is a protected area.
My Hero Academia is a work written in Japanese. It is published by Tong Li Publishing and Star Comics (Italy), and is intended for Shōnen manga.
Kotsiubynske is an enclave within Kiev, in the Kiev Oblast, in Ukraine. It is part of a list of urban-type settlements in the country by subdivision.
The Midland Railway 700 Class was operated by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, referring to the Midland Railway 700 Class.
The Andrew Corporation, a business, was founded in 1937 in the United States. The headquarters of the Andrew Corporation are located in Westchester, Illinois.
The Bentley BR1 is a subclass of a rotary engine and an aircraft engine. It was designed by W.O. Bentley and manufactured by Humber Limited.
Eric Betzig was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, specifically at a point in time, and shared the award with someone else, also someone else.
Swan Valley Anglican Community School is a high school in Australia, located in Western Australia, and was established in 2006.
Sir Martin was a male from the United States, born in 1906. He was the son of Ogden (horse).
Thacher Montessori School is a school located in Massachusetts, United States. It was founded in 1971.
The Durgapur railway station in Durgapur is operated by the Asansol railway division. The station was opened in 1855 and is located on the Bardhaman-Asansol section.
The Melbourne Hunt Club, which was founded in 1853, is a club (organization) from Australia. The club's sport is fox hunting.
Disney Channel ( Romanian TV channel ) is a Romanian language television station in Romania that was launched in 2005.
The director of photography for Curly Sue is Jeffrey L. Kimball. The film was shot in Chicago and stars Fred Thompson and Edie McClurg.
The Apenheul Primate Park in the Netherlands was created in 1971. It is a zoo and a member of The Lemur Conservation Association.
The Goncourt Journal is a creative work and a diary written by Edmond de Goncourt and Jules de Goncourt.
West Hallam railway station is located in the borough of Erewash, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after West Hallam.
Richwoods High School is located in Illinois, U.S.A and was established in 1957.
ETV, India, is a television channel that was started in 1995 and is owned by Ramoji Rao.
Jeongja station is adjacent to Sunae station. Jeongja station is connected to Sunae station. Unfortunately, the information about the start time and direction of the connection between Jeongja and Sunae stations is not available.
Holy Family Catholic School, Keighley, is a school located in Keighley, United Kingdom, which was established in 1965.
Robert Dennis is the name of Robert Dennis, a human who is involved in the sport of athletics.
Jerusalem Mill Village is a historic district in Maryland, United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rags is a musical theatre piece written by Joseph Stein. The music was composed by Charles Strouse, and the lyrics were written by Stephen Schwartz.
The Talen Energy Stadium, designed by Rossetti Architects, is occupied by Bethlehem Steel FC, an association football team. The stadium was opened on 27 June 2010.
The Cessna 402 is manufactured by Cessna in the United States. It is based on the Cessna 411.
The Love Anthem is a song by Silambarasan, released on 27 December 2011 by Sony Music.
Salim Kerkar is a human being. His given name is Salim. He plays as a midfielder for Charlton Athletic F.C.
The Journal of Child Language, published in English, is a scientific journal which was established in May 1974. Cambridge University Press publishes the Journal of Child Language.
KATK (AM) is a radio station in New Mexico, United States, established in 1983.
The Florida Board of Regents is a university located in Tallahassee, Florida, United States, established in 1965.
Ben Coad is a human being who plays for Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
The Carpet Frogs are a rock and roll band from Canada who were formed in 1994.
Stow Longa is a village in Huntingdonshire, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish.
Crombie Street District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
West Fargo High School is an instance of High school ( North America ). It is located in West Fargo, North Dakota, United States. It is part of the West Fargo Public Schools.
Besalampy District is located in Melaky, Madagascar. The district's capital is Besalampy. It is an instance of Districts of Madagascar.
The band Brass Monkey is a musical ensemble from England. Its member is John Kirkpatrick (musician).
The Library Services and Technology Act is an Act of Congress of the United States, signed by Bill Clinton.
Estádio Brinco de Ouro is operated by Guarani FC. The exact start time of Guarani FC's use of Estádio Brinco de Ouro is unclear, as there are multiple triples with the same property and object.
The Embassy of Russia in Ottawa is located in Ottawa, Canada. The Embassy is operated by Russia.
Kubusia Puchatka Street, named after Winnie-the-Pooh, is a street in Warsaw, Poland.
Fort Kaministiquia is a fort located in Ontario, Canada, and was established in 1717.
Windham Village Historic District is located in Windham, Vermont, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Alabama School of Fine Arts is a high school located in Birmingham, Alabama, U.S.A and was established in 1971.
Fort Montgomery (Hudson River) is a fort located in Highlands, New York, United States and has been designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Mercyhurst Lakers men's ice hockey team is part of the Mercyhurst Lakers and is an ice hockey team from the United States that plays Ice hockey.
AECOM is the parent organization of Ellerbe Becket, an architectural firm founded in 1909 and located in Minneapolis.
Samasource is a nonprofit organization founded by Leila Janah in San Francisco.
Lindsay High School is located in Lindsay, Cooke County, Texas, United States. The Lindsay High School is part of the Lindsay Independent School District.
Canning Highway is a road located in Western Australia, Australia, and was established in 1920.
Coniston Hall is a Grade II* listed English country house located in South Lakeland, United Kingdom.
Yana Uqhu (Oyon) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru.
Sport Club Penedense is an association football club from Brazil, founded in 1909.
Keerampara is a human settlement in India. It is located in the Ernakulam district and is a village in India.
Sandwell Provincial Park is a provincial park in Canada, located in the Regional District of Nanaimo, established in 1988.
Dahan Institute of Technology is a college located in Xincheng, Hualien, Taiwan and was established in 1977.
Three Sailors ( 1957 film ) is a French film. It was directed by Marc Fossard. Henri Génès and Jean Murat are in the cast.
Tree Island, South China Sea, is an island located in the South China Sea, part of the Amphitrite Group, in China.
Don Bosco College, Canlubang, Philippines, was founded in 1963. It is a university located in Calamba, Laguna.
Roland Dervishi was a member of KF Elbasani from the start until the end, and was acquired by the team.
The Cosman Family Cemetery is a cemetery located in New York, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Turner -- LaRowe House, a house located in Virginia, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ciprian Brata was a member of SR Brașov, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
The Kiski School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a school that was founded in 1888.
Deco Labels is a company that was founded in 1962 in Canada.
The East Waterford Lumber Company is a railway and a business located in the United States. Its headquarters are in Philadelphia.
Tokyo Marble Chocolate is a film from Japan, released in January 2009. The film's genre is romance anime and manga.
Second Story Press is a publisher founded in 1988 in Toronto, Canada.
René Sterckx was a member of S.V. Zulte Waregem from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, acquired through an unspecified transaction.
L'âge de la traduction is a Book written in French by Antoine Berman, published in 2008.
Philippine National Oil Company, a company in the petroleum industry, was founded on November 9, 1973 and is headquartered in Taguig.
Abdoul Coulibaly is a human being, his given name is Abdoul, and he plays as a midfielder for RSU F.C.
Kristiyan Kitov is a human being, also known as Kristian. He is a midfielder and a member of PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II.
Ridley Inc. is a business with its headquarters located in Mankato, Minnesota, and is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The parent organization of Ridley Inc. is Alltech.
Kangazha is a human settlement and a village in India, located in the Kottayam district.
Geelong West St Peters Football Club, which is an association football club, was founded in 1878. The club is located in Australia.
The musical theatre Marie Christine was written by Michael John LaChiusa. Its music and lyrics were written by Michael John LaChiusa.
WKEX is a radio station located in Virginia, United States, which began broadcasting on January 1, 1969.
The Petorca River, which is part of the Petorca Basin, flows into the Pacific Ocean. It originates in Chile.
Cristina Dinu, known as Cristina, is a human being who lives in Bucharest and is a member of the Romania Fed Cup team.
Infant Annihilator is a rock and pop band from Kingston upon Hull, United States. Their musical genre is Deathcore.
St. Johnsbury Academy is a boarding school in St. Johnsbury, Vermont, United States, established in 1842.
Beyond the Axis of Truth is a television show from Singapore, broadcast by Channel 8. It was distributed by Mediacorp.
Big City Tour Live is a live album by Billy Crawford, released in 2005 and distributed by Universal Music Group.
The book The Internal Enemy was written by Alan Taylor (historian) and published on 01 January 2013. It is a book from the United States.
Guisborough railway station is in Guisborough, United Kingdom. It is a train station.
The Ross Tiger is a ship that is owned by the Ross Group and is used as a museum ship in the United Kingdom.
The JNR Class EF65 is an electric locomotive, a type of locomotive class, manufactured by Fuji Electric and operated by the Japanese National Railways.
The Crawford Art Gallery is an art museum located in Cork, Republic of Ireland. It was established in 1979.
The Jasper Yeates House, a house located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
SHoP Architects is an architectural firm from the United States, founded in 1996. Their notable work includes the Barclays Center.
MODUL University Dubai, a university located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, was founded in 2016.
The 1994 All England Open Badminton Championships was won by the women's singles. The championship was held at the Arena Birmingham in Birmingham.
The United States Road Commission Airport is located in Denali Borough, Alaska. The airport serves the transport hub of Denali Borough.
Bogra Sadar Upazila is located in Bogra District, Bangladesh, the capital of which is Bogra.
Jon Heder stars in the film My Dad Is Scrooge, which is an English language film from Canada and distributed by MarVista Entertainment.
KSGN is a radio station located in California, United States, and was established on 01 January 1970.
Bosundhora is a Bengali language drama film from Bangladesh, produced by Subhash Dutta.
Bill Bourke graduated from the University of Melbourne with multiple academic degrees.
The Ridgeview Public Library, a public library in North Carolina, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Graduation Ridge is a ridge in the Usarp Mountains, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, and is part of the continent of Antarctica.
KCNY is a radio station in the United States, located in Arkansas, established in 2002.
Fort H.G. Wright is a fort located in Southold, New York, United States and was established in 1898.
The Narrabeen Man is a human skeleton, a fossil, found in New South Wales, Australia.
BA Systems was founded in 2005 and is a business based in Bangalore. They produce networking hardware.
Milson Island is a river island located in the Hawkesbury River, New South Wales, Australia.
Lifeline (crisis support service) is an organization founded by Alan Walker (theologian) on 16 March 1963 in Australia.
Tom Schueller, whose given name is Tom, is a human being who speaks English and is a member of the Iowa Democratic Party.
Tuxtla Chico is in the Chiapas region of Mexico. It is located in the municipality of Tuxtla Chico, the capital of which is Tuxtla Chico.
Hadnall is a village located in Shropshire, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish and a village.
Inglesby is an architectural structure in Victoria, Australia, designed by Harold Desbrowe-Annear.
UFC 77 is a sporting event that is an instance of a sporting event, and it is related to mixed martial arts. It was held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Iranian Volleyball Super League, a sports festival, is a volleyball event held in Iran, established in 1975.
The Adelphi Panthers represent Adelphi University in the United States. They are a university and college sports club. The Adelphi Panthers are categorized under Category:Adelphi Panthers.
American Women's Voluntary Services is an organization in the United States that was founded in 1940. It dissolved in 1968.
Hell Raiders, from the United States, was originally shown in English. It is distributed by American International Pictures and the title is also in English.
Ivan Markovski is a human being named Ivan. He plays ice hockey as a defenceman.
Colasay District is one of the Districts of Peru, located in Jaén Province, Peru. It is in the country of Peru and shares a border with Santa Cruz District, Cutervo.
The Doraemons is a children's anime and manga, a manga series, specifically a comedy anime and manga from Japan.
Interrogate are a punk rock band from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 1999.
The Xerox Classic is a golf tournament that originated in 2005 and is located in the United States.
Bryan's Store is a commercial building located in New York, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Douglas A. Boyd is a human being whose given name is Douglas and was educated at Denison University. His surname is Boyd.
Boondooma Dam is a dam located on the Boyne River (Wide Bay - Burnett) in Australia and created Lake Boondooma.
J.E.H. MacDonald created Fine Weather, Georgian Bay, a landscape painting on canvas depicting Georgian Bay.
The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Wisconsin, United States. It is categorized as an IUCN Ib: Wilderness Area.
Hansung Science High School is a high school located in Seoul, South Korea, and was established in 1992.
Rakie Ayola, who is married to Adam Smethurst, is from Wales. She attended the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama. Rakie Ayola is a human being.
Maktar is a municipality of Tunisia, located in the Siliana Governorate, and is categorized under Category:Maktar.
Pavel Lovgach is a member of the FC Smorgon team, he started playing for the team, finished playing for the team, and was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
The Yunnan Normal University Business School is a university located in Kunming, China, and was established in 2000.
St Aloysius College is a Roman Catholic school in Highgate, which is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster.
Michael Goonan, whose given name is Michael, is a human being and a member of the Tipperary Senior Football Team.
Mount Pleasant Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania, United States was established in June 1789 and is a township in Pennsylvania.
The National Basketball League (Czech Republic) is a sports league for basketball in the Czech Republic, established in 1993.
Takalarup is a town located in the Shire of Plantagenet, Western Australia, Australia.
Reimar Schefold worked at Leiden University. He held a position at Leiden University, starting in an unknown year.
Experience is an album by Lincoln Thompson, released in 1979, which is of the genre Reggae.
The Outer Circle Trail, a rail trail, is named after the Outer Circle railway line and is located in Victoria, Australia.
Traveling Vineyard is a company founded in 2001 and located in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
Tmu-na Theater, a theater, was established in 1987 in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Bridges Academy is a college-preparatory school located in California, U.S.A and was established in 1994.
Jim Wiemer was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres and played as a defenceman for the New York Rangers and the Peterborough Petes.
The Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences is located in Pittsburgh, United States and is a university that was founded in 1787.
The Anduki Airfield is an airport located in Seria, Brunei, and is operated by the Royal Dutch Shell.
Worcester Wanderers are a rugby union team that competed in the United Kingdom and were founded in 1871.
The English language song \"It's a Long Way to Tipperary\" was written by Jack Judge and performed by Billy Murray.
The United States lightship Nantucket II (WLV-613) is a ship that is from the United States and is operated by the United States Navy. It is used as a museum ship.
DFDS Seaways France is a company in the business of sea transport that was founded in 2012 and is owned by DFDS. Dunkirk is the headquarters of DFDS Seaways France.
The Polish Telegraphic Agency was a news agency in the Second Polish Republic. It was created in 1918 and dissolved in 1939.
The Bryn Gwyn stones are a Scheduled monument located in the Isle of Anglesey, United Kingdom. They are a stone circle.
St Thomas School, Kalyan, India, was founded in 2000. It is a school located in Maharashtra.
The Thale Musestieg station is a train station in Germany that was opened in 2001 and operated by DB Station&Service.
The Excelsior Rugby Club is a sports team. The Excelsior Rugby Club is from New Zealand. The Excelsior Rugby Club participates in rugby union. The Excelsior Rugby Club competes in rugby union.
Borodulikha District was established on 17 January 1928. It is a district located in East Kazakhstan Region, Kazakhstan, and is a type of administrative division known as a district.
Edward Rhodes Carswell, whose real name is Edward, is an English speaking human who works in Atlanta.
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a Copenhagen-based band. The band's genre is Pop music and Grunge. Mette Lindberg is a member of the band.
SUSE Linux Enterprise is a Linux distribution that is available under the GNU General Public License. It was developed by SUSE.
The Emerald Warriors RFC was founded in 2003. They are a rugby union team. They compete in rugby union.
Gemma Gili is a human being. Her given name is Gema. She plays as a midfielder for Levante UD Femenino.
The novel Fleetwood was written in English by William Godwin.
Existential Psychotherapy is a book written by Irvin D. Yalom, published in English in 1980.
Baseball at the 1981 World Games was a sport competition at a multi-sport event, held in the United States in the year 1981, and it was a baseball competition.
The short story "The Secret" by Arthur C. Clarke, published on 11 August 1963, is a science fiction short story.
The Ramlösa Open is a golf tournament in Sweden, which was established in 1987.
Motor Trader Magazine is a magazine from Malaysia that was founded in 1998. It is an automobile magazine.
Silence of the Heart was originally broadcast on CBS and distributed by CBS. The original language of the film is English and the director of photography was Isidore Mankofsky.
Shaheed Bulu Stadium is a stadium located in the Noakhali District, Bangladesh, and is owned by the National Sports Council.
Rishworth railway station, named after Rishworth, is a train station located in Calderdale, United Kingdom.
Commercial Street, London is located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom. The street is an instance of Street and connects to Hanbury Street.
Burning Fight is a cooperative game developed by SNK for the Neo Geo system.
Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is a locality of Mexico. Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is located in Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos Municipality. Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is the capital of Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos Municipality.
Clinique was founded by Evelyn Lauder in New York City. The company, which produces lotion, is a subsidiary of Estée Lauder Companies.
Sonic's Rendezvous Band is a compilation album that was released in 2006. The musical genre is hard rock.
The TV series Morning Express originally aired in 1995 and is a television show from Singapore, which is in the Chinese language.
Busy Monsters is a science fiction novel written by William Giraldi, published on January 1st, 2011.
Middleburg Plantation, a plantation in South Carolina, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Montenegrin Second League of Women's Handball is a women's handball league in Montenegro.
Angel's Frypan is a manga series written by Etsushi Ogawa. The main topic of the series is cooking. It is also a children's anime and manga.
The Revention Music Center, a venue, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Texas, United States.
Veggie Pride is a food festival that began in 2001 in Paris, France.
WCHM is a radio station in the United States, specifically located in Georgia, and was established in 1992.
The duo, Group Home, is from New York City, United States. The genre of the duo is alternative hip hop.
Tapton House is a Grade II* listed building or structure, located in the United Kingdom, and is an English country house. It is also the residence of George Stephenson.
The French Confession of Faith is a Reformed confession of faith written in French by John Calvin and published in Paris.
The bean machine is an artificial physical object named after Francis Galton, invented by Francis Galton in 1873.
Acacia is a pop music band from the United Kingdom signed to Radar Records.
Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina is a city of the United States, located in Halifax County, North Carolina. The main category for Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina is Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina.
Moppy River, a tributary of the Barrington River, is located in New South Wales, Australia.
Theodoros Katsiaris is a member of Onisilos Sotira, but unfortunately, the information about the start and end time of his membership and the acquisition transaction is not available.
West of Fifty Lower Falls is a waterfall in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Roosevelt College Marikina, a school, was founded in 1933. It is located in Cainta, Philippines.
Commins is a village located in Denbighshire, United Kingdom. It is a human settlement.
The Tioga Hotel is a hotel located in California, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Jet Link Holland airline was founded in 1998 in the Netherlands and dissolved in 2000.
Yamagola is a film from India. It was produced by Vauhini Studios and features Rao Gopal Rao and Nirmalamma in the cast.
Veliky Ustyug is located in the Velikoustyugsky District. The Velikoustyugsky District is located in Veliky Ustyug. The Velikoustyugsky District started and ended in Veliky Ustyug.
Pyatnitskoye Cemetery (Kaluga), Russia, was established in 1780 and is a cemetery located in Kaluga.
Pinegrove Memorial Park, located in New South Wales, Australia, is a cemetery established in 1962.
Robert McKew is a human being whose given name is Robert McKew and who was educated at Trinity College Dublin.
The Exploding Girl was produced in New York City, United States. The original language of the film is English. The film was distributed by Oscilloscope.
Anacalypsis was written by Godfrey Higgins, published in 1833, is a written work and is written in English.
Pop Unknown is a musical ensemble from the United States, their genre is Emo and they are signed to Deep Elm Records.
Vicky the Viking is a German speaking character created by Nippon Animation, originating from Japan. It ended on 8 April 1976.
The Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League is a sports league in Canada, founded in 1965, which focuses on ice hockey.
The Canada Building in Saskatoon, Canada, was built in 1913 and is a building located in the province of Saskatchewan.
The Philippine Olympic Committee, founded in 1911, is the National Olympic Committee of the Philippines. The headquarters of the Philippine Olympic Committee are located in Pasig.
The Westover Historic District is a historic district located in Arlington County, Virginia, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
CD Valdivia is a basketball team from Chile, founded in 1986.
Saltwood, Shorncliffe is a historic site in Queensland, Australia, listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
James Michel was the Vice-President of Seychelles from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was replaced by an unknown person.
The Florida Times-Union is a broadsheet newspaper published in Jacksonville, Florida. The newspaper is published in English and originates from the United States.
East India DLR station is located next to Canning Town station, which is connected to East India DLR station. Canning Town station is connected to East India DLR station and is in the direction of East India DLR station.
The Sand Band is an Indie folk band formed in Liverpool in 2009.
Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College is a college located in Tosu, Saga, Japan. It was founded on 01 January 1878.
Holy Cross Cemetery, located in California, United States, is a cemetery established in 1887.
Cuco Valoy plays the guitar and performs the genre of Son cubano. He was awarded the Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement award. His music is human.
Dhahar, or Dhahar, is a human settlement in Badhan District, Somalia.
The City of Clarence is located in Tasmania, Australia. It includes the administrative area of South Arm.
Choi Wan South constituency was established in 1999 in Wong Tai Sin District, China.
Portage Lakes State Park is located in Ohio, United States. It is a state park and was established on January 1, 1949.
The Whaler's Monument is located in Sandefjord, Norway. The monument was created by Knut Steen.
The Japanese television drama series Scarlet originates from Japan and is written by Fumie Mizuhashi.
Glassell Park Elementary School is a school building located in California, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Finedon railway station, named after Finedon, is a train station located in Isham, United Kingdom.
Geoffrey Thomas Barnes was educated at Dover College and is a human being. His language is English and he was the Secretary for Security.
The Russian State Scientific Center for Robotics and Technical Cybernetics is a facility located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, established on 01 January 1965.
K.R.C. Genk won the 1998 Belgian Cup Final which was held at King Baudouin Stadium on 16 May 1998. K.R.C. Genk was the participating team in the 1998 Belgian Cup Final.
Oakmere House, a House located in Hertsmere, United Kingdom, has been designated a Grade II listed building.
The Lenoir Downtown Historic District is a historic district located in North Carolina, United States, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Scottish Public Pensions Agency is a government agency in the United Kingdom that was established in 1993. The agency has jurisdiction over Scotland.
Mjölby AI FF, which is an association football club, was founded in 1912 and is located in Sweden.
Richard Touko is a human being who plays as a defender for the Cameroon national football team. His given name is Richard.
The ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release is an award in Australia which was introduced in 1987. The award is part of the ARIA Music Awards.
South Somerset Hydropower Group is a United Kingdom based business in the hydroelectricity industry. Its headquarters are located in South Somerset.
Kronk's New Groove is a Comedy film in English language made by Disneytoon Studios and distributed by InterCom.
Intentional Talk is a television show from the United States, which first aired on April 4, 2011 on the MLB Network.
Mount Aureol is an association football club based in Sierra Leone. The club play in the Sierra Leone National Premier League.
The Mahasu Devta Temple, a temple located in Dehradun district, India, has been designated a Monument of National Importance.
DPS International School Singapore is an international school located in Singapore, established on 19 April 2004.
The 2001 FIBA SuproLeague Final Four was a final competition in France that took place in the year 2000-2001 and was a basketball event.
IMG College was founded in 2007. It is a business in the United States. Its parent organization is IMG ( company ).
Leighfield is a village in Rutland, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish.
KFEL is a radio station in the United States, located in Colorado, established in 1971.
The SNCF Class Y 8400 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive class, built by Arbel Fauvet Rail, and is operated by SNCF.
Int'Air Îles is an airline based in Comoros. The airline was established in 2007 and its hub airport is Ouani Airport.
St Helens Airport is operated by the Break O'Day Council and is located in Tasmania, Australia.
Bapatla Engineering College is located in Andhra Pradesh, India and is an engineering school that was established in 1962.
Marlboro High School, located in New York, U.S.A, is a high school and was established in 1967.
Drummers Focus, a school, was founded in 1982. Drummers Focus is located in Germany. The headquarters of Drummers Focus are in Bavaria.
The Pennington Railroad Station, a train station located in Pennington, New Jersey, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Himeji Hinomoto College, located in Himeji, Japan, is a junior college that was founded in 1893.
Riyad Bank, a business, was founded in 1957. It is located in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Anopina ednana, a species of Anopina, was named after Edna Libby Beutenmüller.
The economy of Lithuania is a national economy located in Lithuania, and its currency is the Lithuanian litas.
Gerard Clarke, also known as Gerard, is a human being who played for the Victoria cricket team.
The T.R. Kelly House is a house located in Utah, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
RPS Inter College is a school in Uttar Pradesh, India, which was established in 1947.
Landsborough Highway is a road in Queensland, Australia, and it is located in the country of Australia. It is a type of road and its terminus is in Morven, Queensland.
Knightdale High School is a high school located in Knightdale, North Carolina, United States, and it is part of the Wake County Public School System.
Saint Petersburg State University is located in Saint Petersburg, located on a street within the city of Saint Petersburg, which is in the country of Russia.
The Nha San Collective is an art museum in Hanoi, Vietnam. It was founded in 1998.
WFOB is a radio station located in Ohio, United States. It was founded on 01 January 1948.
DundeeWealth is a publicly traded company which was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Toronto.
Gindokhar is a village in Haryana, India. It is located in the country and it is bordered by Bawal.
Sarah Jezebel Deva is a human who is a member of Angtoria and performs classical music using her voice as an instrument.
Sacha Baron Cohen won the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his work as a character role at a point in time.
Wierzeja is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Duszniki. It is a human settlement.
Santa Cruz das Flores (parish) is a freguesia located in Santa Cruz das Flores, Portugal, established in 1508.
Brighton Place is a metro station in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, that is connected to the Cincinnati Subway.
Cherry Boom is an alternative rock band from Taiwan that is signed to Universal Music Group.
Hazeldine is an alternative country band from the United States, they are signed to Glitterhouse Records.
The 1988 Taça de Portugal Final was played at Estádio Nacional on 19 June 1988. The participating team was Vitória S.C. and the winner was FC Porto.
Kenta Tanno is a member of V-Varen Nagasaki, and was part of the team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, acquired through an unspecified transaction.
The White Horse Hotel, located in Queensland, Australia, is a hotel listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Dimitris Machairas is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Levadiakos F.C. His given name is Dimitris.
The Maturango Museum is located in Ridgecrest, California, United States. It is a museum established on January 1, 1975.
Francesco Zizzari is a member of Pordenone Calcio, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
Derek Hallas is a human being who plays as a winger for Yorkshire Carnegie. His given name is Derek.
John Brown Lake is a lake in British Columbia, Canada.
The Shelden Avenue Historic District is a historic district located in Michigan, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallaorol is a human settlement in Uzbekistan, and it is located in Gallaorol District, which is the administrative territorial entity that Gallaorol is part of, and Gallaorol is the capital of Gallaorol District.
The Rock City Ladies Open is a golf tournament in the United States, and is classified as a Women's Sports event.
Kymeta, a business founded by Nathan Kundtz, was established on August 21, 2012, and is located in Redmond, Washington.
The New Orleans Brass, an ice hockey team from the United States, was founded in 1997.
The Indian Railways own the Mulki railway station in India. The station is a train station on the Konkan Railway line.
Richard O'Kelly is a human being. He is the coach of Hereford United F.C. He played for Port Vale F.C. and Grimsby Town F.C.
The Afrikanisches Viertel (named after Africa) is a neighbourhood in Berlin, Germany.
The Princes Bridge was designed by John Harry Grainger and was opened on October 4th 1888. It carries St Kilda Road, Melbourne across the Yarra River.
John Candelaria is a human being who plays as a pitcher for the New York Mets. His given name is John.
Lombardy Hall is a house located in Delaware, United States, and has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
The Panachaiki Volleyball Club is a volleyball team from Greece, specifically based in Patras.
Bhaluka Upazila, Bangladesh, was established in 1917 and is an Upazila located in Mymensingh District.
Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport is located in Malang, Indonesia. It serves Malang and is an airport.
Yilan Green Expo is a temporary exhibition located in Su'ao, Taiwan, which was established in 2000.
Carlos Paes was a member of F.C. Motagua from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and was acquired by the team through an unspecified transaction.
Vibank is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, established in 1908.
Middlesboro -- Bell County Airport is located in Middlesboro, Kentucky, United States and was established on 04 January 1940.
Tvsdesign, a business founded in 1968 in Atlanta, won the Architecture Firm Award.
Fellowship Baptist College is a school located in Kabankalan, Philippines and was established in 1954.
The book The Five Nations by Rudyard Kipling was published in 1903 and is in the public domain.
CFAR-FM is a radio station in Manitoba, Canada, established on 01 January 1937.
The Ulm Railway Society is a pressure group in Germany. It was founded in 1969. The Ulm Railway Society is a registered association in Germany.
Nooddorp is a human settlement in Overschie, in the government of Rotterdam, in the Netherlands.
Nikola Rak is a human being. His given name is Nikola. He plays as a midfielder for HNK Gorica.
The Dagger Complex, an architectural structure, is located in Darmstadt, Germany and was established in 1951.
Juan Alvacete is a human being who plays as a defender for Club Atlético Tigre. His given name is Juan.
Zagross Khodro, a company, was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Tehran, operating in the automotive industry.
Karam is an album by Kimi Djabate, released in 2009 on the Cumbancha label.
Fleet Canada, a business, was founded in 2006 and is located in Fort Erie, Ontario, and is part of the aerospace industry.
Monster Allergy is a comic book series from Italy, and it is different from the TV series Monster Allergy, which is a derivative work of the comic book series.
ZAS Airline of Egypt is an airline in Egypt. It was founded in 1982. It is an airline.
Interlaken, Utah, United States, is a town located in Wasatch County, Utah, and was incorporated on May 20, 2015.
St Newlyn East is a village in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish.
Luke Summerfield was a member of A.F.C. Bournemouth, started with the team at some point, left the team at some point, and was acquired by the team through some transaction.
Jorge Alberto Vargas is a member of Deportivo Azogues and started playing for them at some point, but the exact start time is unknown, and his time with the team ended at some point.
Akaparambu is a human settlement in India, located in the Ernakulam district. It is a village in India.
The Franklin House, a commercial building, is located in Athens, Georgia, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Justin Fargas was a member of the Denver Broncos and African American. He was the son of Antonio Fargas.
The Decay of Lying is a Book written in English by Oscar Wilde, published in 1889.
The Broken Anchor is written in English. It was published by Grosset & Dunlap. The Broken Anchor is part of the Nancy Drew series. The book was illustrated by Philippe Daure.
Alundra is a game for the PlayStation console, developed by Matrix Software and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. It is available on CD-ROM.
The Samsung R&D Institute India, Bangalore, a business, was founded in 1996 in Bangalore, India.
Sunlabob is a company founded in 2001 and is located in Vientiane. It is also a company.
Francisco Escos is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the Buffalo Stallions. His given name is Francisco.
State Highway 73 in Kerala is a highway in India. It is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the List of state highways in Kerala.
The film Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa is a 2010 film from the Maldives directed by Ali Shifau.
Towaninny South, Victoria is a locality located in the Division of Mallee and the state of Victoria, Australia.
Dragon Lord was produced in Hong Kong by Koch Media. The original language of the film is Cantonese.
The West Cheshire Association Football League is an association football league in the United Kingdom, founded in 1892.
Nikos Kourellas is a human being who plays as a midfielder for A.P.S. Zakynthos. His given name is Nikos.
The 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualification was a qualification tournament held in Brazil in 2015 for the sport of Association football.
The Pedro Echevarria House, a single-family detached home, is located in Boise, Idaho, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Stavanger Konserthus is a concert hall located in Stavanger, Norway. It was established on 01 January 2012.
The North Manchester Covered Bridge, a covered bridge located in Indiana, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Danilo Neco is a member of Jeju United FC. He started playing for Jeju United FC and stopped playing for Jeju United FC. Danilo Neco was acquired by Jeju United FC.
A Broad Bellflower is a film from North Korea, released in 1987. The film's original language is Korean.
Sumar, part of Qasr-e Shirin County, is in Sumar District, Iran.
Joel Salatin, whose given name is Joel, is a human being who received the Heinz Awards.
The 2012 National League Championship Series was a season of baseball in the United States, which took place in 2012.
The Clement Geitner House is a building located in North Carolina, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Tangarakau River is a river in Taranaki, New Zealand. It flows into the Whanganui River.
Guilherme Siqueira is a member of S.S. Lazio. He started playing for S.S. Lazio and ended his time with the team through an acquisition transaction.
Electroputere VFU, a business founded in 1869, is a Romanian company with its headquarters located in Pașcani.
The Buzz of Delight is a rock and pop band from the United States, which was formed in 1983 in Georgia.
Strathmiglo is a village located in Fife, United Kingdom. It is located within the village of Strathmiglo.
The Northport Branch, a railway, is located in Huntington, New York, United States and is operated by the Long Island Rail Road.
Albertsons Stadium is the home ground of the American Football team Boise State Broncos, which is based in the United States.
Leandro Montagud is a member of SD Ponferradina. He started playing for SD Ponferradina and ended his time with the team. He was acquired by SD Ponferradina through an unspecified transaction.
Charles Spencer Elementary School is a school located in Tifton, Georgia, United States. It is situated in the Tift County School District.
Ted Genoways, who is human, graduated from the University of Iowa and received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Micky Worswick is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Skelmersdale United F.C. His given name is Micky.
Blockers is distributed by Universal Pictures, the film's star is Ike Barinholtz, the film was edited by Stacey Schroeder and the director of photography is Russ T. Alsobrook.
Bishop's Castle, Glasgow, was a castle in Glasgow City, Scotland, United Kingdom. It was dissolved in 1789.
Every Eye is a Romance novel written in English by Isobel English, which is a Book.
The Lake House is located in Waterford, Maine in the United States. The house is part of the Waterford Historic District.
Bernd Rupp plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach in Germany and speaks German. He is a human being.
The Minories, Colchester, United Kingdom, is a museum located in Colchester, established in 1956.
Laos participated in the 2006 Asian Games as a nation.
The 2014 BRD Bucharest Open is part of the 2014 WTA Tour, was held at Arenele BNR, and is a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
The film Paradise Kiss features Michiko Hada, a cast member. It was produced by Culture Convenience Club and Shodensha, and is based on Paradise Kiss.
The Cahabon River originates from the Sierra de las Minas in Guatemala. It flows into the Polochic River.
Josip Golubar is a human being who plays as a forward for NK Olimpija Ljubljana. His given name is Josip.
Chalappally is a human settlement and a village in India, located in the Pathanamthitta district.
Rich Peverley, who was educated at St. Lawrence University, played centre for the Nashville Predators and Boston Bruins.
The Centro Médico Excel, an architectural structure, was established in 2018 and officially opened in 2007 in Mexico.
The Kosovo Police, established in 1999, is a police force located in Kosovo, with its headquarters in Pristina.
Elena Tchaikovskaia, who was married to Anatoly Chaykovsky, received the Master of Sport of the USSR award and the Merited Coach of the USSR award. She competed in ladies' singles.
Bump Off Lover is a Taiwanese television show. It stars Angela Chang and is originally in Standard Chinese.
KKIA (FM) is a radio station in the United States, located in Iowa, and was established in 1987.
The Korea Internet & Security Agency, which was established on July 23, 2009, is a government agency in South Korea. It is part of the Ministry of Science and ICT.
Dougall Media is a business in the mass media industry based in Thunder Bay, Canada.
The BRP Ang Pangulo (AT-25) is a motor yacht from the Philippines, built by IHI Corporation and homeported in Manila.
KSCL is a radio station in Louisiana, United States, owned by the Centenary College of Louisiana.
Ar Hyd y Nos is a song by Glen Campbell from the United States, which is a lullaby.
Gabriel Richard Catholic High School is a high school in Michigan, United States, and was established in 1965.
CIGN-FM is a radio station in Quebec, Canada, established in 2009.
The Saint's Second Front is a book written by Leslie Charteris and originates from the United Kingdom, written in English.
The Open University of Catalonia, which has the Biblioteca de la UOC, is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories. It was awarded the National Telecommunications Award and is a member of the European University Association.
Fury Brook Farm is a historic house in New York, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Grand Prix du Disque is a music award from France, established in 1948, and is awarded by the Académie Charles Cros.
Hatyai University is a university located in Songkhla, Thailand, established in 1997.
Kanata Theatre is a community theatre in Ontario, Canada, established in May 1996.
Mahindra Electric, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Bangalore.
CommScope, a business founded in 1976 and located in Hickory, North Carolina, is traded on the Nasdaq.
Carl Schaefer is the name of Karl Schaefer, a human being.
Rebel City, a film in the English language, was produced in Kansas and distributed by Monogram Pictures. The director of photography was Ernest Miller (cinematographer).
The UIUC School of Information Sciences, located in Champaign, Illinois, United States, was founded in 1893 and is an information school.
The Monticello Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Monticello, Arkansas, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selther, a business founded in 1970, is a Mexican company with its headquarters in Mexico.
The 2004 Open Canada Cup was a sports season in Canada, specifically a football season that took place on January 1, 2004.
Walter Ardone, whose given name is Walter, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Geylang International FC.
Grampian, Pennsylvania, is a borough in the United States, located in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania. It was founded on January 1, 1805.
Edward Gunston is a human being who plays for the Victoria cricket team and is involved in the sport of Cricket.
The band Foxboro Hot Tubs, a fusion of Garage punk and punk rock, is from the San Francisco Bay Area. The band's member is Billie Joe Armstrong.
The Ohrigstad River is a river in Mpumalanga, South Africa. It flows into the Blyderivierpoort Dam.
The Stephen Pangburn House, a historic house in New York, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Spindle Geyser is located in Yellowstone National Park, Teton County, Wyoming, United States.
The Up and Coming Tour was a concert tour by Paul McCartney that began on March 28, 2010 and ended on June 10, 2011.
Shadrinsk is located in the Shadrinsky District. It was established in an unknown date and ceased to exist in an unknown date.
The North Sydney Sewer Vent is a sewer vent located in New South Wales, Australia, and has been registered on the State Heritage Register under the Heritage Act.
Young Actors Space, a drama school, was founded in 1979 in Los Angeles, United States.
The Planet Internet Services was a business that was founded in 1998 in Houston. It ceased operations on November 15, 2010.
Jonathan Pryce is a human being who was awarded the Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He is married to Kate Fahy and also in a relationship with Kate Fahy.
The 2015 Northampton Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2015, following the 2011 Northampton Borough Council election.
UFC 185 is a sporting event of type sporting event, which is a Mixed martial arts event, organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship and held in the United States.
H.R. Cox is a human being who was educated at Indiana State University and has the given name H. Cox.
Southchurch High School is a school located in Southend-on-Sea, United Kingdom, established in 2016.
The TV series Friday Live originates from Australia and is shown on Sky News Australia. Its language is English.
The novel The Universe Versus Alex Woods, written by Gavin Extence, was published on January 1st, 2013.
Sheregesh is an urban-type settlement in Russia. It was established on January 1, 1914.
The Cayman International School was established in 1994 and is located in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.
The Porsgrunn Station, which is connected to the Vestfold Line, was designed by Balthazar Lange. It was opened on November 24, 1882.
Carley Gracie is a resident of San Francisco. He was a student of Carlos Gracie and his father was Carlos Gracie. Rolls Gracie is his brother.
The Cesarians 1 is the debut album by The Cesarians, produced by Craig Leon and released in 2009.
Ismail H'Maidat was a member of S.C. Olhanense, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
Kamilla Rakhimova (born 28 August 2001) is a female tennis player and human.
Muhammad Ridho was a member of ISP Purworejo from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and he was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
The 1868 United States presidential election in Illinois took place in the United States on November 3rd, 1868. The election was an instance of a Presidential election where the President of the United States was the contested office.
The Thebes Courthouse, a courthouse located in Thebes, Illinois, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marie Stopes earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree. She was educated at a place that granted her a Doctor of Philosophy degree, and her academic major was related to that degree. The Doctor of Philosophy degree was awarded to her at a specific point in time.
Mother Love, a song by Queen, was written in English and composed by Brian May. The lyrics were written by Freddie Mercury.
Glen Sather played in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Penguins and New York Rangers as a winger.
La Zarza de Pumareda is a municipality in Spain. It is located in the Province of Zamora and is one of the Municipalities of Spain. It shares a border with Aldeadávila de la Ribera.
Danascara Creek, a river, is located in New York, United States, and flows into the Mohawk River.
James King Blisworth F.C. is an association football club from the United Kingdom, founded in 1898. The club plays association football.
Lockyear College, a building located in Indiana, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
G.K. Bharad Institute of Engineering, located in Rajkot, India, was founded in 2009 and is a university.
John Vear, a human being, plays the sport of cricket and is a member of the Otago cricket team.
Timuquana Country Club is a sports venue in Florida, United States. It has a golf course.
The Augsburg Park Library, located in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, is a library branch operated by the Hennepin County Library.
The Rio Grande Valley Magic is a sports team from the United States, founded in 2010, that plays American football.
The film Lady Liberty stars Sophia Loren and Danny DeVito. It was directed by Alfio Contini and its production designer is Suso Cecchi d'Amico.
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a scientific journal published in English by SAGE Publishing in the United States.
Ariel Kleiman wrote the screenplay for Partisan, a thriller film from Australia. The original language of the film is English.
Shaw Boulevard is a road located in Pasig and Mandaluyong, Philippines.
The National Service Secretariat of Ghana was established in 1973. It is a government agency located in Ghana and is affiliated with the Ministry of Education of Ghana.
Ranford Road is a road located in Western Australia, Australia, and was established in 1980.
Emma Lung is a human being who was educated at Newtown High School of the Performing Arts. Her given name is Emma.
Pierre-Michel Lasogga, whose given name is Pierre, is a German athlete who plays for Hamburger SV.
Established in 1959, the Kampinos National Park is a National Park in Poland. It is classified as a National Park II by the IUCN.
Spencer Bachus graduated from Auburn University with an academic degree. He attended Auburn University, which is located there.
Tony Hemmings is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Rocester F.C. His given name is Tony.
Clearwater Analytics, a company in the financial services industry, was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho.
Ballarpur Industries, a business founded in 1945, is located in India. The headquarters of Ballarpur Industries are situated in Gurgaon.
The Waldo Covered Bridge is a covered bridge and a road bridge located in Alabama, United States.
The 1852 United States presidential election in Missouri took place between November 1st and December 7th, 1852. The election was held in the United States where the President of the United States was a contender.
Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company, a business in the petroleum industry, was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Ashkelon.
Marianne C. Sharp is a human being whose given name is Marianne and surname is Sharp, and she attended the University of Utah.
Antonio Patriota is a Foreign minister who speaks Portuguese. His given name is Antonio and he was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru‎.
Donald Portway, a human, was educated at Downing College in Cambridge. He now works at the University of Cambridge.
The Belmond Hotel das Cataratas, located in Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil, is a hotel operated by Belmond Limited.
Skytap, a business, was founded in 2006 and is based in the United States, with its headquarters located in Seattle.
Menno Willems was a member of FC Den Bosch from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, with an acquisition transaction.
Richard Dryden is a human being. He was a member of Exeter City F.C. He is the coach of Notts County F.C. and was a member of Exeter City F.C. again.
The Ralph Waldo Emerson House is a House located in Massachusetts, United States, and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Mellowdrone is a musical ensemble from the United States, that was formed in Los Angeles. Their genre is Lo-fi.
The Toaroha River is a river located in the West Coast of New Zealand. It flows into the Kokatahi River.
Kula Norinska is a municipality of Croatia, in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County.
Yemalur is a village in India, specifically located in the Bangalore Urban district. It is a village in India and is bordered by Marathahalli.
Drip Harder is an album by Lil Baby, released on the Capitol Records label, and produced by Frank Dukes.
Mike Custer, a human being, is from the United States. He is a member of the Memphis Americans and plays as a forward in association football.
The Al-Wehdat refugee camp is located in Amman, Jordan. It is a refugee camp and was established in 1955.
KTGG is a radio station located in Okemos, Michigan, U.S.A and was established in 1985.
The tabletop role-playing game Blue Planet was written by Jeff Barber and John Harper and published in 1997.
WAGP is a radio station in the United States, located in South Carolina, and was established in 1986.
The Jetset is a pop music band with Melvyn J Taub as a member. They were formed in 1979.
Co-op High School is a high school located in Connecticut, United States, and was established in 1983.
Lamplugh Inlet is a fjord and a bay located in the Antarctic Treaty area, in the continent of Antarctica.
The Statue of Harvey W. Scott is a sculpture created by Gutzon Borglum in the United States, and it depicts Harvey W. Scott.
The Lemuel B. Chase House is a house located in Massachusetts, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Ilijan Combined-Cycle Power Plant, a power station, is operated by the Korea Electric Power Corporation and is located in Batangas City, Philippines.
The Avia B-135 is a 1942 service aircraft developed by Avia.
Angela Buxton, whose given name is Angela, is a member of the Great Britain Wightman Cup team. Angela Buxton is a human being from the United Kingdom.
Wombwell Central railway station is located in Wombwell, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Wombwell.
The Institute of Business Management, an institute, was established in 1995 in Karachi, Pakistan.
Michael Gardawski was a member of VfB Stuttgart II from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, acquired through an unknown transaction.
Silver Sands State Park is located in Connecticut, United States. It is a Connecticut state park and was established on 01 January 1960.
Pragaash is a rock music band from Jammu and Kashmir which was formed in 2012.
Mother Joseph is the main subject of the sculpture, Mother Joseph (de Weldon), in the National Statuary Hall Collection. It was created by Felix de Weldon.
Alexander von Dörnberg was a Baron who received the Golden Party Badge. He was a member of the Schutzstaffel and is a human being.
CHES-FM is a radio station in Canada, located in Ontario, and was established in 2003.
Dom Pedro Hotels & Golf Collection, a hotel chain, was founded on 01 January 1968 in Lisbon, Portugal.
Renan Brito Soares was a member of Xerez CD from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was acquired through an unknown transaction.
The Australia Pacific Airports Corporation, a fixed-base operator, was founded in 1995 and is located in Gladstone Park, Victoria, Australia.
Small Press Expo is a nonprofit organization located in Bethesda, Maryland, which is a comic book convention. It was founded in 1994.
Produced by Aubrey Schenck, Jungle Heat, originated in the United States. The film was made in English and distributed by United Artists.
Rose Cottage and Early Slab Hut, a cottage located in New South Wales, Australia, has been registered on the State Heritage Register.
Spirit Lake is in Kootenai County, Idaho, United States.
Crudo is an alternative rock band from the United States. The band's member is Mike Patton.
The Taketoyo Thermal Power Plant, an oil-fired power station, is located in Taketoyo, Japan and was established on 01 January 1966.
Himmelstalund is a park located in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden. Himmelstalund is the main category for Himmelstalund.
Thrikkadavoor is a human settlement in India. It is located in the Kollam district and is a village in India.
Kilsyth railway station is located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Kilsyth.
The Regional League Bangkok Area Division, which is an association football league, was founded in 2009 and is located in Thailand, where the sport is association football.
S.C. Adelaide, an association football club from Ghana, was founded in 1995. The club plays association football.
The 1979 South African Professional Championship was the season of snooker in South Africa.
The film Io is in the English language, produced by Jason Michael Berman and originated from the United States. It was edited by Jeff Betancourt.
The Chevelles are an Australian alternative rock band that was formed in 1989.
Penningtons is a chain store in the retail industry located in Toronto, Canada.
Federalist No. 18 is part of The Federalist Papers, which was published in The Federalist Papers and is followed by The Federalist Papers.
Albury Technical College, a college in New South Wales, Australia, has been designated a Heritage Act - State Heritage Register listing.
Perfidia is a Song. It was first published in 1939. It was performed by Nat King Cole.
The Pugh Dungan House is a single-family detached home located in Pennsylvania, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Han Kulker, whose given name is Han, is a human being who competed in the sport of athletics at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
The album? ( Nena album ) is in the German language. It follows the album Nena and was produced by Manfred Praeker. It was also followed by 99 Luftballons ( album ).
The Mountain View Waterworks is a waterworks located in Arkansas, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vellavu is a human settlement and a village in India. It is located in the Kannur district of India.
The Theological Institute of Nîmes, located in Uchaud, France, was founded in 1989. It is a seminary.
Newsplayer, a business in the video industry, was founded in October 1999 and is headquartered in London.
WQJQ is a radio station in the United States, located in Barton, Vermont, and was established in 2008.
Kojonup Reserve, a protected area, is located in Western Australia, Australia and was established on 01 January 1996.
The Parallel Virtual Machine, a free software program created by the University of Tennessee in 1989, is licensed under the BSD license.
St Andrews University F.C. is an association football club from the United Kingdom, founded in 1887.
Eric Torkelson is a human being who plays as a running back for the Green Bay Packers.
The Canberra Knights, an ice hockey team from Australia, were founded in 1981.
Nerve Radio is a radio station in the United Kingdom, founded on 1 January 1995, and is located in Bournemouth.
Committee Entertainment, a business founded in 2006 in Florida, is owned by LiveStyle.
Olivia Hallinan is a human being whose name is Olivia Hallinan and attended the University of Manchester.
Fulcrum Gallery is an art gallery located in Manhattan, United States, which was established in 1993.
Triple Zero Heroes, originating in Australia, is a television show that began airing on the Seven Network on 8 February 2009.
Brooks Pond (Massachusetts) is a lake in Massachusetts, United States.
Ecua-Andino Hats, a business founded in 1985, is located in Ecuador, with its headquarters in Guayaquil.
Alexander Schlager is a member of SV Grödig, started playing for them and was acquired through an unknown transaction.
Cat Tales Zoological Park, a zoo located in Washington state, U.S.A, was established in 1991.
O Jibon Re is a film from India, released on 15 August 2014. The film's original language is Goalpariya dialects.
The Weatherford Downtown Historic District is a historic district in Weatherford, Texas, United States, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The novel Eternity is written in English. The book is a sequel to Eon and is followed by Legacy. The book's main subject is time travel.
The New Sudbury Centre is a shopping mall in Ontario, Canada. It was opened in 1957.
Miss Peru 2007 was the beauty pageant edition, held in Peru in 2007, and was part of the Miss Peru series.
Anna Kravtchenko is a human being who plays the piano and received the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition award.
The Chapel Street Historic District is a historic district located in Connecticut, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Nokia E61, manufactured by Nokia, is a cell phone model that was succeeded by the Nokia E71. The Nokia E61 was succeeded by the Nokia E71.
The Portage Historic District is a historic district located in Pennsylvania, United States, that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
David Norquist is a US Republican Party member who graduated from the University of Michigan. He served as the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense.
The Downtown Portsmouth Historic District, located in Portsmouth, Virginia, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Matan Vilnai is a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. His term started and ended at an unspecified time.
The Hills Memorial Library, a library located in New Hampshire, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Yellow Line (Rio de Janeiro) is a highway in Brazil, located in the state of Rio de Janeiro, and was inaugurated on 24 November 1997.
Gamble Place Historic District is a historic district in Florida, United States, that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Eggja stone is a Norse runestone and picture stone from Norway, related to Norse mythology.
Vincentian Academy is a school located in Pittsburgh, United States and was founded in 1932.
Vincent P de Poix (born Vincent) graduated from the United States Naval Academy and was a Vice Admiral. He was awarded the Air Medal.
The 2016 Horizon League Women's Basketball Tournament was the season of basketball in the United States, starting on January 1, 2016.
The Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Darbhanga Pawan Express is a passenger train in India that is operated by the Central Railway zone and is a form of rail transport.
The Robert Louis Stevenson Branch Library is a historic building located in Los Angeles, and it is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places with a Spanish Colonial Revival architecture style.
The book Cadillac Desert was written by Marc Reisner. It was published on January 1, 1986. The book is a book and originates from the United States.
KHLW is a radio station located in Tabor, Iowa, United States, which began broadcasting on January 1, 2012.
The Hequembourg House, a single-family detached home, is located in Florida, United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The novel The Settlers of Catan was written by Rebecca Gablé, published in 2003, is a literary work, and is classified as historical fiction.
The Stetson University Campus Historic District is a historic district in Florida, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Avanavancherry is a human settlement in India. It is located in the Thiruvananthapuram district, India. Avanavancherry is a village in India.
Romario Williams is a member of the Orlando City U-23 team. He started playing for them and ended his time with the team, and was part of the acquisition transaction.
Michael Eneramo was a member of the Espérance Sportive de Tunis team, which he joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time.
Queens Park AFC, which is an association football club, was founded in 1957 and is located in New Zealand.
Tomás Ribeiro (footballer) (born 30 April 1999) is a male football player and a human.
Dizzy Nutter is a human who plays baseball for the Charleston Senators. He is a man.
Apollyon Sun is a rock and pop band from Switzerland. The band's musical genre is industrial metal and one of its members is Thomas Gabriel Fischer.
Fergus Falls is a city of the United States, located in the United States. Specifically, it is situated in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, and serves as the capital of Otter Tail County, Minnesota.
Kirby Grindalythe is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Ryedale, United Kingdom. It is a civil parish.
Malawi Adventist University is a university in Malawi, located in Ntcheu, and was founded in 1969.
The Capt. F. Deane Duff House is a house located in Florida, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2005 Vancouver municipal election was an instance of a municipal election held in Canada in 2005 and was won by Sam Sullivan.
WTAL is a radio station in Florida, United States, established in 1979.
Simon Hackney, whose given name is Simon, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Rochdale A.F.C.
Lina Galleazzi is a female painter and a human being.
The Philip Highway is a highway in Elizabeth Grove, South Australia, Australia.
AK Khan & Company, a business, was founded by Abul Kashem Khan in Chittagong in 1945.
Saxby Chambliss attended the University of Georgia, which is located in the state, until he graduated with an academic degree.
Western Grove High School is a state school located in Arkansas, United States. It is part of the Ozark Mountain School District.
The language used in Honduras is Tol and also Miskito. Honduras is a member of UNESCO and the International Development Association.
Roggan River, Quebec is a village in Canada. It is located in or next to the Roggan River, which is in Quebec.
Pipestem Resort State Park, a West Virginia state park, is located in West Virginia, United States and was established on January 1, 1963.
The Mask of Dimitrios is a book written in English by Eric Ambler, an author of Adventure fiction.
WLMB is a nonprofit organization and a television station located in the United States, established in 1998.
The Sealdah railway division operates the Madhyamgram railway station which is located on the Sealdah-Bangaon line. The station was opened in 1906 and is adjacent to the New Barrackpur railway station.
The Luna Park Historic District, a historic district in Charleston, West Virginia, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fredericksburg Academy is a school located in Virginia, United States and was established in 1992.
Ellis Brigham is a brick and mortar business located in the United Kingdom. The company is based in Manchester.
The Art Gallery of Burlington, an art museum, is located in Ontario, Canada and was established on January 1, 1978.
Summit Lake State Park, located in the state of Indiana, United States, was established in 1988.
When Music Worlds Collide is an album by Crooked I, a hip hop music artist, which was released on July 20, 2015.
Ludgrove School, founded by Arthur Dunn, is a boarding school located in Wokingham. It was founded in 1943.
Alex Cazumba is a member of Esporte Clube Juventude. He started playing for Esporte Clube Juventude at an unspecified time. He stopped playing for Esporte Clube Juventude at an unspecified time. The details of his acquisition transaction with Esporte Clube Juventude are unknown.
The Blackburn Type D, designed by Robert Blackburn (an aviation pioneer), is manufactured by Blackburn Aircraft in the United Kingdom.
ShiftMobility, a company, was founded in 2013 and is a company located in Foster City, California.
Mogral Puthur is a human settlement in India. It is a village located in the Kasaragod district, India.
The Council for Industry and Higher Education, a business, was founded in 1986 in London, United Kingdom.
José Asconeguy, also known as José, is a human being who participates in cycle sports and is a member of Club Nacional de Football.
Tri-State Peak is a mountain located in both Kentucky and Tennessee, United States.
The DRG Class E 19 is an electric locomotive class with a wheel arrangement of 1′Do1′. It is manufactured by AEG.
Weatherford High School is located in Weatherford, Oklahoma, United States. The school is part of the Weatherford Public Schools.
The album, Long Wave, was released in 2012 and was produced by Jeff Lynne. The album is the follow up to Armchair Theatre.
Ralston High School is a high school in the United States, located in Nebraska, and was established in 1954.
The W.P. Mahoney House is a house located in Arizona, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Port Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada. It was opened in 1952.
Applied Solar, a business founded in 2005, is located in Solana Beach, California, United States.
The single \"Forever Starts Today\" was released on 14 February 2015 and was performed by Linus Svenning.
The Sviyazhsk railway station, in Russia, is owned by the Gorky Railway. The station was opened in 1893 and is a train station.
Happy Chef is a business that was founded in Mankato, Minnesota in 1963 and is still located there.
Margaret Wiecek is a human mathematician who worked at Clemson University. She is also a woman.
The Templeton Common Historic District is a historic district located in Templeton, Massachusetts, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selaiyur is a neighbourhood in the city of Chennai in India. It is situated in the region of Asia.
The Rosa Parks Museum, named after Rosa Parks, is located in Montgomery, Alabama, United States. It is an African-American museum.
Culatra Island is an island located in the Atlantic Ocean and is situated in the Faro District of Portugal.
Blennerhassett Island is a river island located in the Ohio River, in West Virginia, United States.
The Mitsubishi Aircraft Company, founded in 1928, is a subsidiary of Mitsubishi, the parent company of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
UFC 197, a sporting event, is an instance of a mixed martial arts event that was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Bella Vista Private School is a school in the United States, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, and was established in 2004.
Early Autumn is a literary work, a novel written in English by Louis Bromfield.
Miss Plus America, a female beauty pageant, was founded in 2002 and is based in Nashville, Tennessee, United States.
Hoshizora no Live V Just Ballade was a concert tour by Misia that began on July 7, 2009 and ended on February 14, 2010.
Global X ETFs, a business, was founded in New York City in 2008 and is also located in New York City.
Wang Burapha is named after the Buraphaphirom Palace and is a neighbourhood located in Bangkok, Thailand.
Sujina is a village in the Panjakent District of Tajikistan, which is a human settlement.
Ihor Chuchman, whose given name is Ihor, plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in Ukraine.
The Lee Weaver House, a house located in Arkansas, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blackburne is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada. It is located within the city of Edmonton and shares a border with MacEwan.
Suzie Gold was produced in London and distributed by Pathé. The original language of the film is English and the director of photography was Daf Hobson.
The Bradley Braves men's basketball team is a United States based team that represents Bradley University.
The 2019 World Snooker Championship was won by Judd Trump at the Crucible Theatre. It followed the 2018 World Snooker Championship and was followed by the 2020 World Snooker Championship.
Margalit Finkelberg studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She completed her studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Her academic major at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem resulted in an academic degree.
Pixies is a film from Canada, released in 2015. The film is originally in English.
California State Route 283 is a state highway in California that has its terminus at U.S. Route 101 in Scotia, California. It is part of the state highways in California.
Colegio Pestalozzi (Argentina) is a school located in Buenos Aires, Argentina, established on 01 January 1934.
BCycle, a business and a bicycle-sharing system, was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Waterloo, Wisconsin.
Buffalo is a city of the United States, located in Dallas County, Missouri, United States. The city is the capital of Dallas County, Missouri.
Sandusky High School is part of the Sandusky City School District. It is located in Ohio, United States. The school is an instance of a state school.
Ivan Bushko is a member of the Party of Regions and his given name is Ivan. He is also known as Ivan. He is a human being.
Crockett Springs Cottage is a building in Virginia, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Atlanta Symphony Hall is a construction in the United States, located in Georgia (U.S. state), and is owned by Woodruff Arts Center.
Elliot Meyerowitz received the Balzan Prize. He is a citizen of the country that awarded the Balzan Prize. The Balzan Prize was awarded to him at a certain point in time. The Balzan Prize is related to the field of work.
The 2012 CSIO Schweiz was the season of show jumping in Switzerland.
The Toyota i-unit is a car model manufactured by Toyota which was first introduced in 2005.
The TV series All Over the Place, which was aired on CBBC, was originally from the United Kingdom. The musical score of the series is by Richie Webb.
Cross Telecom, a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Bloomington, Minnesota.
Luowenzao railway station, located in Luowenzao, China, is on the Beijing-Baotou railway.
Dumbing Us Down is a book written by John Taylor Gatto published by Douglas & McIntyre in 1992.
Hackney Wick is an area of London, located in the London Borough of Hackney, United Kingdom. It shares a border with Hackney Marshes.
Roy Harford is a human being who plays for the New Zealand national cricket team and is known by the given name Roy.
Jeff Baxter is a human being. He is signed to Warner Bros. Records and attended Boston University. He began his career in 1968.
Christopher Marlowe is the author of Tamburlaine, a play written in English.
David O. Stewart is the husband of Nancy Floreen. His surname is Stewart and his given name is David. He was educated at Curtis High School.
The film Majestic Hotel Cellars is a remake of Maigret and the Hotel Majestic. It was directed by Pierre Montazel and starred Julienne Paroli and Raymond Rognoni.
Pidavoor is a human settlement and a village in India, located in the Kollam district of India.
Pedro Liriano is a human being who plays as a pitcher for the Huntsville Stars. His given name is Pedro.
Julian Jakobs is a member of Sportfreunde Siegen. The start and end times of Julian Jakobs' membership in Sportfreunde Siegen are unknown.
The J. Bruce Hain House, a house located in Alabama, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Tisco Bank is a publicly traded company founded in 1969 and headquartered in Bangkok.
Highgate United FC is an association football club based in Jamaica, that play in the National Premier League.
Boulevard de la Zone is a boulevard located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris, France, and is also situated near a train station.
Cross Club is a music venue located in Prague, Czech Republic, established on January 1, 2002.
Hino Motors is a Japanese kabushiki gaisha company in the automotive industry. It is a subsidiary of Toyota and produces trucks.
Tsuen Wan Government Secondary School, Hong Kong, China, was founded in 1961. It is a secondary school.
The Pacific Research Institute is a think tank located in the United States. It is a nonprofit organization with its headquarters in San Francisco.
Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez, whose given name is Jorge, is a human being who speaks Spanish and is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
The 1936 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match that took place in Australia in 1936.
Niek Vossebelt is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Emmen. His given name is Niek.
The 1998 Insight.com Bowl was a bowl game in the United States, played in 1998, and it was related to American football.
Philip Edeipo is a human being. His given name is Philip. He is a forward for Bayelsa United F.C.
Alfonso Camorani played for Spezia Calcio, joining the team at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
Rajeev Institute of Technology, located in Hassan, Karnataka, India, is an engineering school that was established in 2008.
The Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue is a synagogue located in New Jersey, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chathedom is a village in India, located in the Ernakulam district. It is a human settlement and a village in India.
Future Miracles is an album, specifically a hard rock album, by The Ladder, which was released in 2004.
Gore Mountain is located within the Adirondack Mountains in the state of New York, in the United States.
The John Ward House, located in Salem, Massachusetts, United States, is a House and has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
The Lepsy River is a river in Kazakhstan. Its mouth is in Lake Balkhash and it also has Lake Balkhash on it.
Time for After is an English TV series episode directed by Larry Teng and was first broadcast on 3 December 2017.
Vytautas Valius was awarded the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts. His given name is Vytautas Valius, he graduated from Vilnius Academy of Arts and is a human being.
Constable Hall is a historic house located in New York, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gallery Int Fashion Fair, a business founded in 2005, is a Danish company based in Copenhagen.
The Burning Spear Society, an honor society, was founded in 1993 in the United States and is located in Tallahassee, Florida.
Zhingyalov hats are part of the Armenian cuisine, originating from the Republic of Artsakh, and are made with herbs.
Mahmoud Abbas is a Sunni Islamist. He was President of the State of Palestine and his wife is Amina Abbas. Yasser Abbas is his child.
Acta Biotheoretica is a scientific journal that was established in 1935. It is published by Springer Science + Business Media in English.
Fort du Mengant is a historic fort in Plouzané, France, classified as a monument historique, and is an instance of a fort in France.
The Westmorland Institution in Canada is operated by the Correctional Service of Canada. It was established in 1962 as a prison.
The ship MY Ady Gil, which is made from composite material, is from the United States. The ship is named after Ady Gil.
Edna Boies Hopkins has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. Edna Boies Hopkins was educated at Pratt Institute and is a human being whose given name is Edna.
Hilliard, Florida is a town in Nassau County, Florida, United States. The main category for Hilliard, Florida is Hilliard, Florida.
The William Westcott House, a house located in Florida, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Erriseask House, a restaurant in the Republic of Ireland, was established in 1989 and received a Michelin star.
The KiHa 283 series is a diesel multiple unit manufactured by Subaru Corporation and operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company. It is a class of locomotive.
Rajarshi Memorial Higher Secondary School is a higher secondary school located in Thrissur district, India, and was established in 1942.
The English language film Flynn, produced by Frank Howson and distributed by Boulevard Films, originates from Australia.
1966 World Figure Skating Championships, organized by the International Skating Union, took place between 22 and 27 February 1966. The competition class was senior.
Juan Andres Larré, also known as Juan, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Club Nacional de Football.
The Billings Wolves, a sports team from the United States, was founded in 2014 and plays American football.
Chamblee, Georgia is a city in the United States, located in DeKalb County, Georgia. The main category for Chamblee, Georgia is Chamblee, Georgia.
The Feusier Octagon House, a single-family detached home, is a historic house in San Francisco, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Yanbu University College is a university located in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia and was founded in 2005.
The Bank of Communications Building is a multi-storey urban building located on The Bund in Shanghai, China.
Backlundtoppen is a mountain located in Svalbard, Norway, named after Oskar Backlund.
Eramalloor is a human settlement in India. It is located in the Alappuzha district and is a village in India.
Ardrossan Winton Pier railway station is a train station in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom.
The New York Korean Film Festival is located in New York City, United States. It was founded in 2001.
Ambachew Mekonnen was the Industry Minister from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Gareth White, also known as Gareth, is a human being who plays for Cumberland County Cricket Club.
Luca Caputi is a human who played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Niagara IceDogs in the National Hockey League.
Antler Lake is a hamlet in Strathcona County, Alberta, Canada, located in or next to Antler Lake.
Teenage Retirement is the English language album by Chumped, released in 2014.
All About She is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 2010 and is based in London.
The 2000 Asian Speed Skating Championships was the season of long track speed skating, held in Mongolia in the year 2000.
Reedy Creek Dam, a reservoir, is located in Queensland, Australia.
The Bates Battlefield is located in Hot Springs County, Wyoming, United States, and is a listed Battlefield on the National Register of Historic Places.
Newmachar railway station, named after Newmachar, is a train station located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
The Trauma journal is a scientific journal that deals with emergency medicine. It is published in English by SAGE Publishing.
The Big Trout Lake Airport, located in Ontario, Canada, is operated by the Government of Ontario.
The Point Lookout Archaeological Site, located in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States, is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and an archaeological site.
Baruj Benacerraf was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine at a point in time, along with others.
St. Charles Catholic High School, located in Louisiana, U.S.A, is a high school that was established in 1948.
Dennis Sommers, whose surname is Sommers, is a human being and a member of the Victoria Giants.
The 1932 Democratic National Convention is an instance of the Democratic National Convention, held in the United States in 1932 at Chicago Stadium.
Keith Hamilton Cobb, born Keith Hamilton Cobb, graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts and has won the Soap Opera Digest Awards for his work on the TV series Human.
The Higher Institute of Technology of Ivory Coast, located in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, is an academic institution that was established in 2007.
Dundowran, Queensland is a locality located in the electoral district of Maryborough and the state of Queensland, Australia.
NEC Solution Innovators, a business founded in 1975, is a Japanese company with its headquarters in Tokyo.
Chavara Thekkumbhagom is a human settlement in India, located in the Kollam district. It is a village in India.
The band Motivation is a rock and pop band. The band was formed in Manchester. Steve Garvey is a member of the band.
Cameron Morra is a female tennis player born on 20 September 1999 and is a human.
O.P. Nayyar is the composer of the film Qaidi which was released in 1957. The film originates from India.
Philip Hanawalt is a human being. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He is the father of Lisa Hanawalt. Jonathan Eisen was a doctoral student of Philip Hanawalt.
The Nation Review was a Sunday newspaper in Australia. It was founded in 1970 and ceased publication in 1981.
The South Patten River, which has a drainage basin in the James Bay Basin, is located in Canada. It flows into the Patten River.
A Warrior's Heart is a family film from the United States, starring Kellan Lutz in the English language.
KHKA is a radio station in Hawaii, United States, established on 01 January 1963.
The 2014 Russell Athletic Bowl was a bowl game in the United States, which took place in 2014 and involved American football.
The Santa Fe 2913, with a 4-8-4 wheel arrangement, is from the United States. It is made by the Baldwin Locomotive Works and is located at Fort Madison, Iowa.
Indonesia Warriors is a basketball team that was founded in 2011. Their home arena is The BritAma Arena.
The Cosmopolitan Dock is a shipyard in Hong Kong, China. It is in the shipbuilding industry.
Mount Cobbler is a mountain in Victoria, Australia. It is part of the Great Dividing Range.
TuS Metzingen, a sports club, was founded in 1861 and is a handball club from Germany.
Sophia Mundi Steiner School is a high school located in Victoria, Australia, and was established in 1985.
Mattia Montini was a member of S.S. Arezzo from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and was acquired by the team in an unspecified transaction.
Sunfish Pond is a glacial lake located in New Jersey, United States.
The Battle of Philippeville, which took place in Skikda on 20 August 1955, was part of the Algerian War.
The National Accreditation Board of Ghana was established in 1993. It is a government agency located in Ghana. Its parent organization is the Ministry of Education of Ghana.
Hurley Burley was born in 1895 in the United States. She was a female Thoroughbred.
Swan Lake is a lake in South Dakota, United States.
The Bremner Historic Mining District, a historic district located in Alaska, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Year of the Underdogz is a Hip hop music album performed by Young Noble, released in 2013.
Philippe Poissonnier, also known as Philippe, is a human being who is involved in cycle sport and is a member of the Safir (cycling team).
The Century Company, a publisher founded in 1881, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in New York City.
The play Autobahn was written in English by Neil LaBute and published in 2003.
Femina Miss India Bangalore 2013 was the beauty pageant edition held in India in 2013 and is part of the Femina Miss India Bangalore series.
Asmaradana is a Malaysian television show that began on March 9th, 2010 and ended on May 4th, 2010.
Smolenskaya Mountain is a mountain of the Petermann Ranges, Antarctica, in the Antarctic Treaty area.
Sunshine Records (Australia) is a record label that was founded by Ivan Dayman on January 1, 1964. It is different from Sunshine Records.
The Chicago Night Express is a passenger train operated by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Its start point is Wheeling station (West Virginia) and it goes via Newark, Ohio.
Tai Po District Council is a district council in Hong Kong, China. It is an instance of District councils of Hong Kong and has a member, Tai Po District councilor.
Younger Hall, a music venue, is located in Fife, United Kingdom and was established in 1929.
Furdjel Narsingh was a member of SC Telstar from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, presumably acquired through an unspecified transaction.
Rubicon Global is a privately held company that is in the waste management industry and headquartered in Atlanta Plaza.
Graceland, a novel by Bethan Roberts, published in 2019, is about Elvis Presley.
The Missouri Athletic Club Building, designed by William B. Ittner, is located in the United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dennis Raetz, whose given name is Dennis and family name is Raetz, is a human being and a member of the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.
The Elite Towers is a high-rise building located in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It was designed by P&T Group.
Old Colorado City is a historic district located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2000 Mobile Alabama Bowl was a bowl game in the United States, played in the year 2000, and it was an American football game.
Andrés Vasquez was a member of Grasshopper Club Zürich, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time as part of an acquisition transaction.
Yerevan Circus is a circus building located in the Kentron District of Armenia. It is a replacement for the Yerevan State Circus, and is situated in the country of Armenia.
Ottawa Technical Secondary School is a high school located in Ontario, Canada and was established in 1973.
Pique Newsmagazine is a newspaper from Canada. It was established on November 25, 1994, and has a tabloid format.
Acobamba District, Acobamba is located in Acobamba Province, Peru, and is the capital of Acobamba, which is a district of Peru.
The Isaac Bargen House, a house located in Mountain Lake, Minnesota, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States, which was established in 2004.
Tim Duncan received the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award at some point in time, at some point in time, at some point in time.
Godfather's Pizza is a pizzeria chain and restaurant chain founded in 1973, with its headquarters located in Omaha, Nebraska.
The Science Gallery, a science center, was established on 01 February 2008 in the Republic of Ireland and is located in Trinity College Dublin.
Josh Hare is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Gillingham F.C. His given name is Josh.
Block Mountain is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta, Canada.
The Rose (TV soundtrack) is an album of the Mandopop genre, released in 2003 by HIM International Music.
The Union Tour was a concert tour by Elton John which began on October 19th, 2010 and ended on November 21st, 2010.
Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love, a film from the Philippines, was distributed by Regal Entertainment. The cast includes Boots Anson-Roa and J.C. de Vera.
WUPZ is a radio station in Michigan, United States, established in 1985.
Abdoulaye Coulibaly (born 1988) played for AS Saint-Étienne at some point in his career.
The Ruse is a rock and pop band from Los Angeles, United States. Their genre is Indie rock.
The Madison County Courthouse in Florida, United States was built in 1913.
Double Trouble, an Australian TV series, starred Basia A'Hern and was broadcast on the Nine Network. The series began on 23 August 2008 and ended on 22 November 2008.
The MV Akdeniz is a ship from Turkey, built by AG Weser and has Istanbul as its home port.
The Andrew Weisel House is a house located in Illinois, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2014 UST Growling Tigers men's basketball team was a basketball team from the Philippines, representing the country in the 2014 season.
River Valley High School is a state school located in Arizona, United States. It is part of the Colorado River Union High School District.
The Charles Lovejoy House is a house located in Massachusetts, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The HMS Berwick (F115) is a ship built by Harland and Wolff in the United Kingdom for the Royal Navy.
Little Wonders is from the United States and was released by Atlantic Records. It followed Streetcorner Symphony and was followed by Her Diamonds.
The Wright State Raiders men's basketball team is a basketball team from the United States and they play at the Nutter Center.
Edward Douglas Fawcett is the author of Hartmann the Anarchist, a science fiction novel written in English.
KSAZ-TV is a television station in the United States, founded on 01 January 1953, located in Arizona.
Abdulfattah Adam plays for Al Taawoun FC as a forward and plays for Saudi Arabia. Adam is a human being.
The Lake in the Hills Airport is an airport located in Illinois, United States, and was established on 07 January 1958.
Northern Hearts AFC is an association football club from New Zealand, founded in 1947. The club plays association football.
UFC 99 is a sporting event, specifically a mixed martial arts event, organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, which took place in the United States.
Sun Set is a progressive rock album by Klaatu, released in 2005.
Radio ffn, a radio station founded in 1986, is located in Hanover, Germany.
Salusa Secundus is a planet in science fiction, specifically within the science fiction genre, created by Frank Herbert and part of the Dune universe.
Rubicon (English band) is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom, their genre is Gothic rock. They are signed to Atlantic Records.
The Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum is a museum located in Sunnyvale, California, United States, and was established on September 27, 2008.
Sankat Mochan Mahabali Hanumaan is a Hindi TV series that originates from India and was originally broadcast on Sony Entertainment Television.
The 2016 World Rugby Americas Pacific Challenge was the season of rugby union in Uruguay, held in 2016.
Botswana National Broadcasting Board, whose headquarters is in Gaborone, was established in 2000. It is a government agency whose parent organization is Botswana Telecommunications Authority.
Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills is an electoral district in Alberta, Canada, established in 1979.
The film The Wake is a drama from Greece and was written by Nikos Panayotopoulos. The original language of the film is Greek.
Fredericktown High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States. It is a high school in North America.
The San Francisco Symphony Chorus is a symphonic choir which was founded in 1972 in San Francisco, United States.
The Three Rivers Xplosion is a sports team from the United States, founded in 2011. The team plays American football.
Iver C. Ranum High School is a high school in Colorado, United States and was established in 1961.
FC Frederick is an association football team from the United States, which plays Association football in the National Premier Soccer League.
Arrowhead Library System is located in Edgerton, Wisconsin, United States. It is an instance of a library system.
The South Humber Bank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station in England, United Kingdom, owned by EP Power Europe.
Phalombe is a city in Malawi, located in Phalombe District. Phalombe is the capital of Phalombe District.
The company Full House Resorts was founded in 1987 and is based in Spring Valley, Nevada. Nasdaq is their stock exchange.
Orphans & Vandals is an alternative rock band from London, United Kingdom.
Emiliano Tarana played for S.S. Arezzo from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, acquired through an unknown transaction.
Titavi FC was an association football club that was founded in 2000. Their home ground is the National Soccer Stadium (Samoa).
The World e-Sports Games, created in 2004, is a sports league in South Korea for Microsoft Windows.
Sugiyama Jogakuen University Junior College, Japan, was founded in 1969 and is located in Chikusa-ku, Nagoya.
William VanDeSteeg is a human being who plays as a Linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens. His given name is William.
The Philips Stadion is home to PSV Eindhoven, who are also its operator. The stadium is named after Philips. It is used for association football.
Mountainland Technical College is a public educational institution of the United States, located in Utah, and was established in 1989.
The Red Bluff Municipal Airport is located in Tehama County, California, United States and was established on 04 January 1948.
Gerald B. Greenberg edited the film The French Connection. It is based on the book The French Connection by Robin Moore and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
National Highway 561 is a road in India. It is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways and is part of the National Highway system in India.
Tomoki Muramatsu was a member of Honda FC, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time, with unknown acquisition transaction details.
The organization Freedom Now, founded by Jared Genser, is located in Washington D.C.
Luv FM is a radio station in Ghana that uses the English language. The radio station is owned by the Multimedia Group Limited.
Kelly Gough is a human being. She was educated at Trinity College Dublin and her given name is Kelly. Denise Gough is her sister.
The Chipettes are a group of fictional characters from the United States, their genre is pop music and they are signed to Liberty Records.
Martina Hingis received the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award on multiple occasions.
Smartwings is owned by Roman Vik and is located in Prague. The airline has the hub at Václav Havel Airport Prague.
The Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor is a National Heritage Corridor located in Massachusetts, United States and was established in 1986.
Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University is a university located in Lucknow, India, and was established in 1996.
The Belarusian Nature and Environment Museum, located in Minsk, Belarus, is a museum established on 25 July 1983.
Stephen Frail is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Western Wolves FC is an association football club from Australia, founded in 2008.
Diane L. Evans holds a Bachelor's degree. Diane L. Evans was educated at a point in time with an academic major of Bachelor's degree.
Madison Township, St. Joseph County, Indiana is a township located in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States. It shares a border with Penn Township, St. Joseph County, Indiana.
The Acadian House Museum is located in Nova Scotia, Canada and is a house that was established in 1997.
Pop Skull, from the United States, was produced by Lane Hughes and Peter Katz. Adam Wingard was the director of photography.
ArGo Airways was founded in Greece in 2009 and has the hub at Nea Anchialos National Airport.
The Martin Berry House, a house located in New Jersey, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rockford Lutheran High School is a high school in Illinois, U.S.A and was established in 1964.
The Eblen Center is located in Tennessee, United States. It is an arena. The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles women's basketball team is the occupant of the Eblen Center.
The Imperial College of Engineering is a historic site located in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. It is an educational complex.
Bura Nogueira is a human being, also known as Jorge, who plays as a midfielder for Clube Oriental de Lisboa.
Timothy Braun is a human being whose given name is Timothy and whose surname is Braun, and he was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts.
The New Zealand cricket team's season in England took place in 1937 in New Zealand.
Carrian Group, a Business, was founded in 1977 and dissolved in 1983. Its headquarters are in Hong Kong.
Papa Loves Mambo is a song by Perry Como, released in 1954 and recorded by RCA Records.
PeoplesChoice Credit Union, a business founded in 1963, is located in Biddeford, Maine, United States.
Daudnagar is a human settlement in India. It is located in the Aurangabad district of Bihar. Daudnagar is a village in India.
The Living Soil is a book written by Lady Eve Balfour. It was published in 1943 by Faber and Faber.
East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania is a township in the United States, located in or next to Tohickon Creek, in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
Mill Creek Falls is a waterfall in Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint in the United States.
Jan Baptist Wolfaerts, the father of whom is Artus Wolffort, is from Antwerp and Italy and created the notable work Pastoral scene with a flute player.
Constant Craving is a song in English, composed by both K.d. lang and Ben Mink, and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
The 1952 Miss America beauty pageant, which was held in the United States, was an instance of a beauty pageant edition and was won by Colleen Kay Hutchins.
Judi Patton, a human being, was awarded the Kentucky Women Remembered award and graduated from the University of Pikeville, whose given name is Judi.
The Royal Porthcawl Golf Club is a golf course and golf club located in the United Kingdom.
Percy Greene is a human being whose given name is Percy and was educated at Jackson State University and his surname is Greene.
Quta K'uchu is a mountain in Bolivia. It is located in the La Paz Department. It is part of the Andes.
Six Blanc is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in the Canton of Valais, Switzerland.
KXXN is a radio station located in Texas, U.S.A and was established in 2012.
Dr. Terror's Gallery of Horrors is a horror film from the United States, starring Rochelle Hudson, and it is originally in the English language.
Lyons, Queensland is a locality located in Logan City and Queensland, Australia.
Sassafras Mountain is a mountain in the Blue Ridge Mountains of South Carolina, United States.
Kennard High School is located in Kennard, Texas, United States. The school is part of the Kennard Independent School District. It is a high school in North America.
Dariel Albo is a human being who plays as a middle blocker for the Cuba men's national volleyball team. His given name is Dariel.
The Maysville Downtown Historic District, a historic district in the United States, is located in Maysville, Kentucky, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
ES Ouargla is an association football club from Algeria, founded in 2009.
The Hy-Vee Triathlon, which is a triathlon, was founded in 2007 and is held in the United States.
Thorne Colliery F.C. is an association football club in the United Kingdom, playing association football in the Central Midlands Football League.
Hartington railway station is located in the Derbyshire Dales, United Kingdom. It is a train station named after Hartington, Derbyshire.
Patrick N'Tolla is a member of Rodez AF, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, and was acquired through an unknown transaction.
Jorge Wilmot, also known as Jorge Wilmot, is a human being who has won the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in Mexico. Jorge Wilmot is a Spanish speaker.
Government Law College, Kozhikode, India is a university located in Kozhikode and was established in 1970.
Trevor Parkes, whose given name is Trevor, is a human being and a member of the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Gob Squad is a performing arts artist collective located in Berlin, Germany.
KHCA is a radio station in the United States, located in Kansas, and was established in 1990.
Annada Shankar Ray graduated with a degree from Patna University.
Petrit Hoxhaj is a human being who is known as Petrit and plays as a midfielder for WKE.
Louis Alexis Desmichels was a Frenchman, a Lieutenant General, who was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery and spoke the French language.
Yeah! ( Def Leppard album ) was released by Mercury Records, produced by Def Leppard, is different from Yeah, and is written in English.
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart is a high school located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, and was founded in 1961.
The song "Don't Make Me Go" was performed by Johnny Cash and was released in 1957 on the Sun Records label.
Kristin Fortune, a human, is a figure named Kristin who competed in ice dance with Dennis Sveum.
The Cardigan Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station in Ceredigion, United Kingdom, owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Peterborough Collegiate, a high school in North America, was founded in 1827 and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Houssem Louati is a human being who plays as a midfielder for CS Sfaxien. His given name is Houssem.
The short story 'Why I Live at the P.O.' by Eudora Welty was published in 1941.
Arauco Department, Argentina is located in La Rioja Province, Argentina, the capital of which is Aimogasta. It is a department of Argentina.
Susan Glasser, known as Susan, is a human being. Susan Glasser is married to the journalist Peter Baker.
The John M. Beasley House is a historic house located in Whitfield, Manatee County, Florida, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The John Brown Watson Memorial Library Building is a library located in Arkansas, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Peaceful Age, a film from Italy, stars O.E. Hasse and Isa Danieli. The film is originally in Italian.
The Sheepscot River, with its tributary Dyer River, is located in the United States and flows into the Gulf of Maine.
The De Baca County Courthouse in New Mexico, United States, is in the Georgian architectural style.
Se Fonto Kokkino is a television series from Cyprus. It is a soap opera in the Greek language.
Bradley Rangers FC was an association football club from the United Kingdom. It was an association football club. The club was dissolved in 1992.
The English language is used in the name and original language of the TV show Australia's Naughtiest Home Videos. The show originally aired on the Nine Network in Sydney.
Horst Hamm commanded the German submarine U-562, which started its service in 1941 and ended in 1943, replacing a previous submarine.
The film Call Me Mame originated in the United Kingdom. It was produced by Irving Asher and the original language of the film is English. The director of photography was Basil Emmott.
Aldo Paniagua was a member of 12 de Octubre Football Club from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
The Butterfly stop is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by MTR Corporation. It was opened on 18 September 1988 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
OutQ is an English speaking radio station which was launched in 2003. It is owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
The 2001 Canoe Sprint European Championships was the season of canoeing and kayaking in Italy.
York Gate, London is located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. York Gate, London is a street. York Gate, London connects with York Terrace East.
Didier Manaud, a human, competed in Pair skating with Sylvie Vaquero.
Encinillas is a municipality in the Province of Segovia, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Cantimpalos.
Pankaj Pachauri is a member of the Indian National Congress. His given name is Pankaj and he is a human being. He was educated at St. John's College, Agra.
Archery was a sport competition at the 2014 South American Games, held in Chile in 2014.
The Newberry College Historic District, located in Newberry, South Carolina, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Omer Arbel, who was born in Vancouver, studied at the University of Waterloo and is a human being.
Harbin Engineering University, located in Harbin, China, is a university that was founded in 1953.
The Cruz del Sur pipeline spans across both Argentina and Uruguay. It is a gas pipeline that began operation on January 1, 2002.
Gwen Bristow is the author of Jubilee Trail, a historical novel written in English.
Oniel Cousins is a human being who played Guard (gridiron football) for both the Cleveland Browns and the Baltimore Ravens.
Aleksandr Ivchenko was born in Omsk, which is located in an administrative territorial entity, also located in an administrative territorial entity, and is a country.
The Quest for Saint Camber is written in English and was published by Ballantine Books. The book is the sequel to The King's Justice and was followed by King Kelson's Bride.
The Brandsbutt Stone, a Pictish stone, is a Scheduled monument located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Terry Cochrane is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Gillingham F.C.
Boullanger Island, named after Charles-Pierre Boullanger, is an island located in Western Australia.
St Mary's School, Cambridge, which is located in Cambridge, was established in 1924. It is a Roman Catholic girls school.
Suzanne Levine is a female given name and a human being.
The 1981 AIAW National Division I Basketball Championship was a women's basketball competition held in the United States in 1981.
Kevin van Essen is a human being who plays as a midfielder for SV Argon. His given name is Kevin.
Armadale Academy, located in West Lothian, United Kingdom, is a secondary school that was founded on 01 January 1969.
The Nepal Volleyball Association is the sports governing body of the country of Nepal. The headquarters of the Association are in Kathmandu.
The Icicle Thief received the Golden George award. It is from Italy. The story takes place in Milan. Renato Scarpa was part of the cast.
La Mierla is a municipality in the Province of Guadalajara, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Puebla de Valles.
Twin City Liner, owned by Wien Holding, is a ship named after Twin City, entered service in 2006.
Marble Arch tube station is adjacent to Lancaster Gate tube station. Marble Arch tube station is connected to Lancaster Gate tube station by a line. Lancaster Gate tube station is in the direction from Marble Arch tube station.
Samuel Henley is a human being. He is a member of the San Antonio Rampage in the National Hockey League.
Edward Sweet-Escott is a human being who plays cricket and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
The Facel Vega FVS is a luxury car model manufactured by Facel Vega. It is a car model and was succeeded by the Facel Vega FVS.
The International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms is a scientific journal from the United States, published in English by Begell House.
The 1990 Sugar Bowl was a bowl game in the United States, which was an American football event in 1990.
Stefan Markolf was a member of the KSV Baunatal team, starting at an unknown time and finishing at an unknown time.
Prairiland High School is located in Pattonville, Texas, United States. It is part of the Prairiland Independent School District.
Bill Fulcher is a human being who plays as a Linebacker for the Washington Redskins.
Danilo Dias was acquired by Bandeirante Esporte Clube and played for the team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
The Kenton Theatre is a theater in Henley-on-Thames, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1805.
Pritam Rani Siwach is a national of India, who competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games and the 2002 Asian Games. She received the Arjuna Award.
The Bank of Guatemala, a central bank, was founded on 11 December 1945 in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
The Teatro Verdi (Florence), named after Giuseppe Verdi, is a theater located in Florence, Italy.
Jeanette Dousdebes Rubio, married to Marco Rubio, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The Offshore Reefs Archeological District, a historic district in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The book \"The End of Nature\" was written by Bill McKibben. It was published by Random House in 1989.
VitaPerk is a Limited liability company founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Michigan.
Armstrong Group of Companies, a business, was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Butler, Pennsylvania, and is in the telecommunications industry.
RTS Svet, a television channel, was founded in 1991 in Belgrade, Serbia.
Tarrant Launceston is a village and civil parish in North Dorset, United Kingdom.
Gleb Klimenko was born in Khabarovsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity and is a part of the country.
Glintshake is a Garage rock musical ensemble from Moscow that was formed in 2012.
Highpoint, a film from Canada, features Christopher Plummer and Maury Chaykin in the original English language.
Doug Camilli is a human being who plays as a catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers. His given name is Doug.
Jason Gummer is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Cardiff City F.C. His given name is Jason.
Shenton Way MRT station is a part of the Mass Rapid Transit ( Singapore ) system. It is operated by SMRT Trains. Shenton Way MRT station is 2021 opened and it is located next to the Marina Bay MRT station.
The Woolley River is a river in the West Coast of New Zealand. It flows into the Maruia River.
Skyrattler is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada. It is located within the city of Edmonton and shares a border with Twin Brooks.
The Donohue Highway is a road located in the Northern Territory and Queensland, Australia.
The 1999 National League Championship Series was the season of baseball in the United States, taking place in the year 1999.
Newsweb Corporation, an organization founded in 1971, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in Chicago.
Wallace High School in Lisburn, England, United Kingdom was founded by Sir Richard Wallace, 1st Baronet, in 1880. The school is a grammar school.
The 2011 Balearic regional election was an election, which took place in Spain on 22 May 2011. The election was held in Spain on 22 May 2011 and the contested office was Member of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands.
BAZAN Group is a public company in the petroleum industry. Its headquarters are located in Haifa, and its parent organization is Israel Corporation.
Leopoldowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Miastkowo. It is a human settlement.
The main category of the economy of Niue is Category:Economy of Niue, which is a national economy located in Niue.
Damir Glavan is a human being and his given name is Damir. His family name is Glavan and he is involved in the sport of water polo.
Nyhavn 51, a building, is located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark and was established in 1766.
KERP is a radio station in the United States, located in Kansas, established in 2003.
Cato House, a house located in Eufaula, Alabama, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Oracle Tower Bucharest is a building in Bucharest, Romania. It is located in Romania.
Kenridge is a building located in Virginia, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes is a film from Japan, originally in the Japanese language. It was produced by Shin-Ei Animation and distributed by Lucky Red Distribuzione.
Nikolay Vasilev is a human being. His given name is Nikolay. Nikolay Vasilev is the Deputy Prime Minister of Bulgaria and a member of the National Movement for Stability and Progress.
Cape Henry is a headland located in Virginia, United States, and is situated in the Atlantic Ocean.
The H&E Paramotores Ziklon, a sub-class of Paramotor, is an aircraft model manufactured by H&E Paramotores in Spain.
The Jasikan College of Education, a teacher training college, was established in 1952 in Ghana. It is an institution where the English language is spoken.
The National Archives of Panama, a national archives institution, was founded in 1924 and is located in the Building of the National Archives of Panama in Panama.
Atruvera Aviation, an airline founded in 1993, is based in Russia and has its headquarters in Saint Petersburg.
Wheelock, Vermont is a New England town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. The main category is Wheelock, Vermont.
Tallgrass Beef Company, a business in the beef industry, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago.
The 1954 Brazilian legislative election was a Brazilian legislative election held in Brazil on 3 October 1954, where the office of the Brazilian federal deputy was contested.
Marie Antoinette Marcotte worked in the Netherlands at some point in time.
Jeff Baisley is a human being who plays as a third baseman for the Toledo Mud Hens. His given name is Jeff.
Bank SinoPac, a business in the finance industry, was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Taiwan.
HC Villars, a sports club, was founded in 1906 and is an ice hockey club in Switzerland.
Wilson Gap is a mountain pass located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, United States.
Intohimo is a punk rock band from Sweden that was formed on 01 January 2004.
Buck Creek State Park is a state park located in Clark County, Ohio, United States, and was established in 1975.
New Lebanon, Pennsylvania, United States, is a borough in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, and was established in 1866.
The Superior mine, located in British Columbia, Canada, is a mine that produces graphite.
Embeesea Kit Cars is a business that was founded in 1975 in High Wycombe and dissolved in 1983.
Luis Mayme is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Club Universitario de Deportes. His given name is Luis.
The Bond District is a historic district located in Hawaii County, Hawaii, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Antonov received the Order of the Red Banner on multiple occasions.
Masters of Time is written in English. It was published by Fantasy Press. The book was illustrated by Edd Cartier and has the cover art by Edd Cartier.
Onsen UI is a software program released in 2013 under the Apache License.
Melanie Serrano was a member of FC Barcelona Femení, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
Roederer Estate is a U.S. owned business that was founded in 1982. It is owned by Louis Roederer.
Audition (2007 film) is a short film from the United States, released on 01 January 2007. The film was originally shown in English.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey team, which is an ice hockey team from the United States, was founded in 1997.
Mahlon Higbee, a male human, played left fielder in baseball.
The 2011 Kentucky Derby was a horse racing event in which the winner was Animal Kingdom.
Susanna Phillips is the name of a human being who attended Juilliard School.
The Perfect Host, a film produced by Mark Victor, was filmed in Los Angeles, United States. The original language of the film is English.
Kamil Grabara is a member of Aarhus Gymnastikforening, and he started and ended his time with the team at unknown times, and was part of an acquisition transaction.
The Y.M. Rizer House is a house located in the United States and has the architectural style of Second Empire architecture in Europe. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
InterAirports is a business in the aerospace industry, originating from Honduras, located in Honduras.
Letters from Hanusse is a Book published in English on 01 January 2000 and is of the genre Novel.
Twickenham Cricket Club, a sports club from the United Kingdom, was founded in 1701 and plays cricket.
High Brows is a novel by Bruce Marshall written in English.
The beauty pageant Miss Venezuela 1995, which was won by Alicia Machado, was held in Venezuela.
Oldfields School is a school located in Maryland, United States, and was established in 1867.
The Mungo River is a river in the West Coast of New Zealand. It flows into the Hokitika River.
Robert Day School is a university located in Claremont, California, United States and was established in 2007.
Holy Cross College, Ryde, Australia, was founded in 1891. It is a school located in New South Wales.
Pine Richland Middle School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Pine-Richland School District. The school is a middle school.
Aguada Stadium is a stadium located in Aguada, Puerto Rico, United States. The occupants of the stadium are Puerto Rico United.
Kure Software Koubou, a video game developer, was founded in 1985 in Japan and is part of the video game industry.
Snoma Finnish Cemetery, a cemetery located in South Dakota, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sai Ying Pun station is located on the Island line of the MTR. It was opened on 29 March 2015 and is named after Sai Ying Pun. It falls under the category of Sai Ying Pun Station.
Basketball was a sport competition at the 1963 Mediterranean Games, held in Italy in 1963.
The Sandy Lake Airport, located in Ontario, Canada, is operated by the Government of Ontario.
Queen Sofia Composition Prize, established in 1983, is an award in Spain named after Queen Sofia of Spain.
Alison Lapper is a human being whose given name is Alison and was educated at the University of Brighton.
Football Night in America, a television show from the United States, started on 10 September 2006 on NBC.
The Worthing Leisure Centre is a sports venue in Worthing, United Kingdom. It was opened in 1972.
Cédric Baseya was a member of Le Havre AC, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, through an unknown acquisition transaction.
The Corsica River is a river in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States. It flows into the Chester River.
Kally's Mashup, a television series from Argentina, started on 23 October 2017 on Nickelodeon (Latin America).
Arthur Munds is a human being from the United Kingdom who plays cricket.
Angasmarca District is one of the districts of Peru, located in the Santiago de Chuco Province. It is bordered by Pallasca District.
Lake Abita is a lake in West Cook, Minnesota, United States.
The Sound City Sessions is an album that follows Clover (band) and was published in 2006. It is also preceded by Clover (band).
The film Subash ( film ) was written by R.V. Udayakumar. The original language of the film is Tamil language. It was filmed in Ooty and originates from India.
The Red Barn Gallery, a photography centre, is located in Belfast, United Kingdom and was established in 2008.
The Shanghai Securities Exchange Building is a Skyscraper located in Shanghai, China, designed by WZMH Architects.
Sun City Palm Desert, California, is an unincorporated community located in California, United States, and was established in 1992.
KERA (FM) is a radio station located in Dallas, United States, and was established in 1973.
The Galt Arena Gardens is a building in Ontario, Canada. It was opened in January 1922.
The Old Village Historic District in Chatham, Massachusetts, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is an example of a historic district.
Miguel Coronado is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Unión La Calera. His given name is Miguel.
Simon Richman, whose given name is Simon, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Worcester City F.C.
The River Cocker, located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, flows into the River Derwent, Cumbria.
Doha College is a faculty in Doha, Qatar and was established in 1980.
Hamden Hall Country Day School is a private school located in Connecticut, U.S.A and was established in 1912.
FYI Daily, a TV series from the United Kingdom, premiered in 2010 on ITV2.
The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses is from the Netherlands and was published by Jacob Campo Weyerman. The book is written in Dutch, following The New Theatre of Dutch Painters.
Trinity Theatre, a Grade II* listed building, is an arts centre which was designed by Decimus Burton and opened in 1829.
The Marcona mine, located in Peru, is an iron ore mine operated by Freeport-McMoRan.
Ferry Farm is a plantation located in Stafford County, Virginia, United States, and has been designated a National Historic Landmark.
Kacper Ryx is a work of Detective fiction. It is published by Wydawnictwo Otwarte. The main subject of Kacper Ryx is the Middle Ages. It is written in the Polish language.
Battle Harbour is a village in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, and has been designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
Feather Falls is a waterfall in the Plumas National Forest in the United States.
The Milwaukee Art Museum was established in 2001 and officially opened in 1957. It was designed by Santiago Calatrava in the High-tech architecture style.
Huff's Store is a commercial building in Tennessee, United States, that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Halifax Vandals are a rugby union team from the United Kingdom. They were founded on 01 January 1923 and compete in Rugby union.
Weimar Classicism is a Kulturdenkmal, a cultural movement and a literary movement in Germany.
The Manhan Rail Trail is a rail trail in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, that starts in Northampton.
The Redondo Beach Unified School District is a school district located in California, United States, and was established in 1993.
Alison Milbank is an Anglican. She is a professor at the University of Cambridge and the University of Virginia.
James Anderson was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs and played for the team from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
WLNO is a radio station in Louisiana, United States, which began broadcasting on January 1, 1956.
Powder River County District High School is a high school located in Broadus, Montana, United States and was established in 1924.
The American Graduate School in Paris, an educational institution, was founded in 2009 and is located in Paris, France.
Nekhoteyevka is a border checkpoint in Russia, located on the Russia-Ukraine border, and is also a khutor.
Tangiriapal railway station is in India and is operated by East Coast Railway Zone. The railway is owned by the Indian Railways.
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His given name is Rogelio. He is a human being and speaks Spanish.
Tatsuki Kohatsu is a human being who was educated at Ryutsu Keizai University and is a midfielder who played for Tochigi SC.
Murray Falls is a waterfall in Far North Queensland, Queensland, Australia. Murray Falls is an instance of a waterfall.
Central School is a high school located in Florida, United States. It is part of the Santa Rosa County School District.
Haderslev RC is a rugby union team from Denmark that was established in 1991.
The P. Virsky Ukrainian National Folk Dance Ensemble is a musical ensemble that was founded in 1937 in Kiev. It is located in Kiev and has received the Order of Friendship of Peoples award.
Drive Like Jehu is an alternative rock band from San Diego that is also part of the Math rock genre and is signed to the Swami Records label.
The National Center for Regenerative Medicine, founded by Case Western Reserve University, is a business located in Cleveland, established in 2004.
The Australian Payments Network, a business, was founded on 01 January 1992 in Sydney, Australia.
The Burwell -- Holland House, a house located in Virginia, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Peter Simple is a novel written in English by Frederick Marryat, which is a literary work.
The Bakrie Tower, a building, is located in Jakarta, Indonesia and was designed by HOK (firm).
Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in North Dakota, United States. It is categorized as a Habitat/Species Management Area under the IUCN category IV.
Riddarhyttan is an urban area in Sweden, located in Skinnskatteberg Municipality. The main category is Riddarhyttan.
The 1974 Newham South by-election was an instance of a by-election, held in the United Kingdom on 23 May 1974, and was won by Nigel Spearing.
The Suwaiket Tower, located in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, is a skyscraper that was completed in June 2012.
The 2019 Rio Open - Singles is a tennis sporting event in Brazil.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Piedmont took place between January 1st and June 7th, 2009 in Italy to elect the Member of the European Parliament.
Federico Gerardi played for A.C. Monza from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
The Clifton House Mystery is a television show from the United Kingdom that was broadcast in 1978.
The Hesperian Harp is a book written by William Hauser, published on 01 January 1848. It is a book and is in the public domain.
Mécheria Airport, named after Mécheria, is an Airport located in Algeria and serves the transport hub of Mécheria.
The Lancun -- Yantai railway is a railway line in China, operated by China Railway. It is a standard-gauge railway.
Inka Wasi, Ayacucho is an archaeological site located in the Department of Ayacucho, Peru, in Peru.
Wodka Gorbatschow is a drink which was created in Berlin in 1921. It is manufactured at Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei.
Beachhead Solutions, a business founded in 2003, is based in the United States, with its headquarters located in San Jose, California.
Dianna Booher, a human, lives in Colleyville, Texas. She studied at the University of Houston and her given name is Dianna.
Cerro Tres Picos is a mountain in the Sierra de la Ventana range in Argentina, in the Americas.
The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress was a convention (meeting) related to Association football, held on 26 February 2016 in Switzerland.
Gal Alberman is a member of the Israel national football team, starting from an unknown date and ending on an unknown date.
Petru Giovacchini is a member of the National Fascist Party, his given name is Petru, and he is a human being who speaks Italian.
The Kristiansand Bus Terminal is a bus station in Kristiansand, Norway. It is located in Kristiansand and was opened in 1965.
The Scala & Kolacny Brothers, originating from Belgium, were founded in 1996. They are a choir and their record label is PIAS Recordings.
HMS Clacton (J151) is a ship built by the Ailsa Shipbuilding Company in the United Kingdom. The ship is operated by the Royal Navy.
The British Taekwondo Control Board is a British Taekwondo organization founded in Mansfield in 1982.
The Zoé Unplugged Tour was a concert tour by Zoé that started on October 18, 2011 and ended on October 29, 2011.
The Elmina Java Museum is located in Elmina, Ghana. It is a museum and was established on January 1, 2003.
The Rushan Range is a mountain range in Tajikistan. It is part of the Pamir Mountains and its highest point is Patkhor Peak.
SM Quiapo is a shopping mall in the Philippines which was opened in 1958. It is owned by Henry Sy.
John Smith, a Colonel in the United States, was awarded the Legionnaire of the Legion of Merit and the Air Medal. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Nowadaga Creek is a watercourse in New York, United States. It flows into the Mohawk River.
Harrison Trimble High School is a high school located in New Brunswick, Canada, established in 1961.
The Chimehuin River, a river and watercourse, is located in Argentina. It flows into the Collón Curá River.
Porilainen is a sandwich made with white bread from Finland.
The Central Street Historic District, located in Millville, Massachusetts, United States, is a historic district that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Boise Creek is a river in the United States. It flows into the Klamath River. Its drainage basin is the Klamath Basin.
Kenneth Higgins was the director of photography for Hot Millions which was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film is about computing and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
Curse of the Mistwraith is a work written in English and originates from the United States. It was published by New American Library. Curse of the Mistwraith was followed by Ships of Merior.
The Hipster Orchestra is a band from New York City, United States. Their genre is pop music.
The First State Heritage Park is located in Delaware, United States. It is a Delaware state park established in 2004.
The Sheepskin Trail is located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The trail's terminus is Dunbar, Pennsylvania.
The National University of Equatorial Guinea is located in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea, and was founded in 1995.
The compilation album '68 was released in 2013 on the Cuneiform Records label and features Robert Wyatt.
Sidi Ali Benyoub District is in Sidi Bel Abbès Province, Algeria, the capital of which is Sidi Ali Benyoub.
The Immigration Department of Hong Kong is a government agency which was established in 1961. The headquarters of the Immigration Department in Hong Kong are located in the Immigration Tower.
The Bertie County Courthouse, a courthouse located in Windsor, North Carolina, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
New Vision School and College is located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It is a school and was established in 2012.
BBC Prime was a television station which was created on 26 January 1995. It was an instance of a television station. It was replaced by BBC Entertainment, which itself replaced BBC World Service Television.
Ancuabe District is a district of Mozambique, located in Cabo Delgado Province, Mozambique. The main category for Ancuabe District is Ancuabe District.
Charleston High School is in the Charleston Community Unit School District 1. It is located in Illinois, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The MS Marina is a ship built by Fincantieri, is owned by Oceania Cruises, and is from Marshall Islands.
The Shukhov Tower is a Category:Shukhov tower (Moscow) which is a Lattice tower. It is a cultural heritage site in Russia and features High-tech architecture.
Lake James State Park is a North Carolina state park located in North Carolina, United States, established in 1987.
Johan Voskamp was a member of Sparta Rotterdam, starting at an unknown time and ending at an unknown time.
Barrow Hill railway station, named after Barrow Hill, Derbyshire, is a train station located in Staveley, Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
KQWC-FM is a radio station located in Iowa, United States, and was established in 2003.
The 2017 San Antonio mayoral election was held on June 10th, 2017 in the United States. The election was a mayoral election where the office of the Mayor was contested.
Ojo, Lagos is a local government area in Lagos State, Nigeria. The Ojo legislative council is the governing body of Ojo, Lagos. Ojo, Lagos is located in Nigeria.
The Coral Rapids station is a train station in Ontario, Canada, owned by Ontario Northland Railway.
Li Kai Ming is a human being who participated in the 2010 Asian Games. He plays for the Hong Kong national cricket team and his bowling style is the leg break.
Wasting Away is a comedy horror film from the United States. The film's original language is English and the film editor was Michael Schwartz.
Swainsthorpe railway station, named after Swainsthorpe, is a train station located in Swainsthorpe, United Kingdom.
The Old Town Center Historic District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The I.L. Peretz Folk School, named after I.L. Peretz, is a school located in Manitoba, Canada.
Timothy Lake is a reservoir located in Oregon, United States.
Cademuir International School, located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom, is a school that was founded in 1990.
Lebo M. performs the song He Lives in You, which was produced by Jay Rifkin. It was released in 1995.
The single Better Boat was released on January 1st, 2018 by Warner Bros. Records and is part of the Songs for the Saints album.
Brau und Brunnen, an enterprise founded in 1972, is a German company with its headquarters in Dortmund.
Vega de Valdetronco is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Valladolid. It is the capital of Vega de Valdetronco.
TVHits was a television channel in Australia, which was launched in 2014 and was created to replace TV1 in Australia.
Castlethorpe railway station, named after Castlethorpe, is a train station located in Castlethorpe, United Kingdom.
Izzi Top was a female Thoroughbred who was born on 21 April 2008 and was sired by Pivotal (horse).
The Lake Village Airport is an airport located in Indiana, United States, established on 03 January 1947.
Andrey Vorontsevich, also known as Andrej, participated in the men's basketball event at EuroBasket 2011 and EuroBasket 2017.
My Father's Dragon won the Newbery Medal.
The 2017 season of the Rising Pune Supergiant was a sports season of a cricket club in India.
Shizuka Kubota, also known as Shizuka, is a human being who plays for the Japan national cricket team.
WQLA is a radio station in the United States, located in Tennessee, and was established on January 1, 1983.
Carmichaels Area Junior / Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Carmichaels Area School District and is a high school.
Commercial Motor is a magazine which was founded in 1905 in the United Kingdom. Its language is British English.
Ryo Kobayashi is a member of Oita Trinita, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, through an unknown acquisition transaction.
Skorpiovenator is a species, is the parent taxon of itself, is a fossil taxon, and belongs to Category:Skorpiovenator.
The Zotye T600 is a sport utility vehicle, a car model made by Zotye Auto. It is powered by a petrol engine.
Gary Hall Jr. competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and received multiple awards at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Kribi Power Station, which is a gas-fired power plant, was put in service in March 2013 and is located in Kribi, Cameroon.
The General Urquiza Railway is a railway with its terminus at Federico Lacroze railway station. It is located in the administrative territorial entities of Buenos Aires Province and Misiones Province. The main category for General Urquiza Railway is Ferrocarril General Urquiza.
Oldroyd Island, an island, is located in Prydz Bay, Antarctica, which is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
The Holston, a bank located in Tennessee, United States, has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Redpoint Ventures, a private equity firm, was founded in 1999 and is based in Menlo Park, California.
Ransom Everglades School is a high school located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States and was founded in 1903.
Sky Bishkek is an airline in Kyrgyzstan. It was founded in 2012 and its hub is Manas International Airport.
OpenLP is a free software application for Microsoft Windows. The software is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is written in Python.
Valdenir da Silva Vitalino played for Tokushima Vortis from an unknown start time to an unknown end time as part of an acquisition transaction.
Cristian Muscalu is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Baku. His given name is Cristian.
The Tracey Towers are twin towers located in The Bronx, United States, designed by the architect Paul Rudolph.
Mother Seton House is a house located in Maryland, United States. It is a house and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blue State Digital, a business founded in 2004, is based in the United States and has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Manco Kapac Province is located in the La Paz Department, Bolivia, and its capital is Copacabana, Bolivia.
Johannes Gijsbertus de Casparis worked at Leiden University, holding a position from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Como West Public School, Australia, was founded in 1950 and is a primary school located in New South Wales.
Red Mango, a business founded by Daniel J. Kim in 2002, is located in Dallas.
The Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District is a historic district and a neighbourhood located in San Diego, United States.
The West Block, part of Parliament Hill, was designed by Thomas Stent and commissioned by the Monarchy of the United Kingdom. It is categorised as a federal heritage building of Canada.
Lake High School is located in Millbury, Ohio, United States. It is part of the Lake Local School District (Wood County).
Stonnington City Centre, located in Victoria, Australia, is a city hall that has been listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Saurom is a folk metal band from Spain that was formed on 01 January 1996.
The Wilson Bar USFS Airport, located in Idaho, United States, was established on 05 January 1996.
The Thone River is a river in New South Wales, Australia. It flows into the Hastings River.
The Wichita Wingnuts are a baseball team from the United States, specifically a member of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
Kispesti Textil SE, which is an association football club, was founded in 1929 and is located in Hungary.
Kelly Conheeney is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Sky Blue FC. Her given name is Kelly.
It Was I is a rock and roll song performed by Skip & Flip, released in 1959.
Mount Kelsey is a mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States.
Top Gear Italia is an Italian television documentary TV series, which was presented by Joe Bastianich.
Sunset Eyes 2000 is an album by Saskia Laroo, released in 1999 and also in 2000.
Gavin Swankie is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Dundee F.C. His given name is Gavin.
The Roma Courthouse, located in Queensland, Australia, is a courthouse listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Mathers Bridge is a Bridge located in Florida, United States and it crosses the Banana River.
The Harvest is a roots reggae album by Tribal Seeds, released in 2009.
The Fort Thompson Mounds are an archaeological site located in South Dakota, United States, and have been designated a National Historic Landmark.
The Fitz Henry Lane House is a single-family detached home located in Massachusetts, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Palazuelos de la Sierra is a municipality in the Province of Burgos, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Villamiel de la Sierra.
KXZT is a radio station in the United States, located in Newell, South Dakota, and was established on January 1, 2012.
Mundolingua, a language museum, is located in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France and was founded in October 2013.
Charleston Outlaws RFC, a rugby union team, is located in the United States.
Next, a restaurant, was founded in 2011 in Chicago, United States.
KWYX is a radio station in the United States, located in Wyoming, established in 2009.
The Maurice Hart House is a house located in North Carolina, United States, and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Amesbury railway station is a train station located in Amesbury, United Kingdom, and is named after Amesbury.
Belleza Argentina, a female beauty pageant founded in 2003, is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Éric Pécout was a member of the team that participated in the 1979 Coupe de France Final.
New Castle Junior / Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the New Castle Area School District. The school is a high school.
Unitel Bolivia is a television channel in Bolivia. The channel was created in 1987 and is part of the television industry.
The Girl with the Wine Glass is a Dutch Golden Age painting that depicts a wine glass and is in the collection of Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum.
Glen Beicker Ranch Airport is located in Texas, United States. It is an airport and serves Seguin, Texas.
Stewart Hutton, a human being, was educated at Newcastle University and is a member of the Durham County Cricket Club. His given name is Stewart.
Andhra Bank, a business founded by Bhogaraju Pattabhi Sitaramayya, is located in Hyderabad and was established on November 20, 1923.
David Overstreet, who is from the United States, attended Big Sandy High School in Texas. He is a human being.
Eartha Kitt performed the song \"Always True to You in My Fashion\", which was written by Cole Porter. It was published in 1948.
Dalby Airport, located in Queensland, Australia, is operated by the Western Downs Region.
Skidmore-Tynan High School is located in Skidmore, Texas, United States. The school is part of the Skidmore-Tynan Independent School District.
CC Land, a business, was founded in 1992. It is based in Hong Kong and is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Llechog is a mountain in Snowdonia, United Kingdom. The parent peak of Llechog is Snowdon.
The Maddening was produced by Mark Amin, directed by an unspecified director, and was filmed in the United States. The language of the film is English.
WPLM-FM is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, and was established on January 1, 1961.
Weezer won the Grammy Award for Best Music Video at some point in time.
Lingshou Town is a town in China, located in Lingshou County. Lingshou Town is the capital of Lingshou County.
Bernardini was a male horse that was born in 2003. He was the son of A.P. Indy and had a child named Stay Thirsty.
Eva Orner is the name of a human being who attended Monash University.
The Northwest Indiana Stars, a sports team from the United States, was founded in 2010 and plays basketball.
Rogers & Cowan, a marketing company, was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Los Angeles.
Kenton is a district in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in the United Kingdom. Kenton is a different name for the district.
Mitcham Common is a common land located in Mitcham, London, in the London Borough of Merton, United Kingdom.
The New Plaza Stadium is a stadium in Foshan, China. It was opened in 1991.
Marco Vitali, whose given name is Marco, is a human being who is involved in cycle sport in Italy.
The Kronos Quartet is signed to Nonesuch Records. They have won the Polar Music Prize and the Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance.
The band, Thaikkudam Bridge, was formed in Kochi in 2013. The band's main member is Govind Vasantha.
The Teatro de la Ciudad, named after Esperanza Iris, is a theater located in Mexico City, Mexico.
The Internacional Femenil Monterrey is a tennis tournament held in Monterrey, Mexico.
Founded in 2007, Talkmobile is a subsidiary of Vodafone headquartered in the United Kingdom.
WordAlive Publishers, a business in the publishing industry, was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Nairobi.
Malcolm Group, a business, was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Linwood, Renfrewshire, and is involved in the logistics industry.
Babajide David is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Thisted FC. His given name is Babajide.
The Renju International Federation is a list of international sports federations. It was established in Stockholm on August 8, 1988. Its official language is English.
Jane Manning is the founder of Jane's Minstrels, a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 1988.
Colour Haze is the musical performer of Chopping Machine, a stoner rock album, which was released in 1995.
William Henry Campbell is a human being, a male, and the President of Rutgers University, whose given name is William.
The Olympic Green Hockey Field is a sports venue in Beijing, China. It is used for field hockey.
The comic book Batman: Son of the Demon is a graphic novel from the United States and is written in English.
Little Quittacas Pond is a lake located in Massachusetts, United States.
Randy Stoklos, a human, is a beach volleyball player from the United States and his given name is Randy.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich graduated from the University of New Hampshire with an academic degree in her academic major, completing her studies at the end time.
Peralba is a mountain in the Carnic Alps, located in the Province of Belluno, Italy.
Constantin Argetoianu was the head of government of Romania from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
The 1997-98 Torneo Argentino A was a season of association football that took place in Argentina, which is a country in South America.
Gastón Alvite is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Racing Club de Montevideo. His real name is Gastón.
The Supporters' Shield, which is an award, was established in 1999. It is related to association football in the United States.
The 2003 DPR Korea League was the season of Association football in North Korea.
Sumner County Regional Airport is an aerodrome located in Tennessee, United States, and serves Gallatin, Tennessee.
Cristian Sánchez Prette is a member of Newell's Old Boys. He started playing for Newell's Old Boys at an unknown time. He stopped playing for Newell's Old Boys at an unknown time. He was acquired by Newell's Old Boys through an unknown transaction.
The Brampton Valley Way is a rail trail in the United Kingdom that starts in Northampton and is located in Leicestershire.
The song "Ajax is niet dood!" is a song by Tante Leen, released in 1970 on the Imperial Records label.
Viola Group is a privately held company founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Herzliya.
Maury Bodenger is a human being who played American football for the Detroit Lions. He is a man.
UFC 186, a mixed martial arts sporting event, is a sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Cape Nome is on the Seward Peninsula, Nome Census Area, Alaska, United States.
Duranguense is a music genre from Mexico. It is a musical style that belongs to the main category of Duranguense.
County Route 530 (New Jersey) is a road in the United States, located in New Jersey, and is part of the County routes in New Jersey highway system.
The New English School in Kuwait was founded by Jehan Rajab in 1969.
The KD Jebat, built by Yarrow Shipbuilders, is a ship that was launched in 1999 from Malaysia.
Huachinera is a human settlement in Mexico, the capital of Huachinera Municipality.
The Singing Gate, starring Hans Olden and Angelo Ferrari, was directed by Werner Brandes. The film's editor was Giuseppe Fatigati.
The 2002 Australian Drivers' Championship was the Australian Drivers' Championship in Australia, a motorsport event that took place in the year 2002.
Abilene Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States. It is an instance of a school district. The main category for Abilene Independent School District is Abilene Independent School District.
Persias Asmat is an association football club in Indonesia, that plays in the Liga Indonesia First Division, and is involved in the sport of Association football.
The ROCS Ta Kuan (AGS-1601) comes from Taiwan. It was made by Fincantieri in 1995. Ta Kuan is a research vessel.
Belsat TV, a television station, was founded in 2007 and is located in Poland and owned by Telewizja Polska.
The 1962 American Football League Championship Game was the season of American football in the United States.
The 1905 season was the season of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club, a cricket team in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Land of Leather, a retail company, was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Kent.
FC Perun Kresna is an association football club in Bulgaria, that play in the Third Amateur Football League (ÐÑ‚Ñ€Ð°Ð½Ð°Ñ Ð¤ÑƒÑ‚Ð±Ð¾Ð»Ð½Ð° Ð›Ð¸Ð³Ð°).
Shavkat Salomov is a member of FC Nasaf, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, with the details of the acquisition transaction not specified.
Wembley Lions (speedway) is a sports club from the United Kingdom, founded in 1929, and it is involved in motorcycle speedway.
The Borgward BX5 is a sport utility vehicle, a car model made by the Borgward Group. It is powered by a petrol engine.
Tudor Watches is a trademark that was founded in 1926 and is owned by Rolex. Its headquarters is located in Geneva.
The Stetsons are an Australian rock and pop band that was formed in 1987. They are signed to Mercury Records.
Edward Tolhurst, known as Edward, is a human being who played for the Victoria cricket team.
Jack van Geloven is a human being who plays cricket and is a citizen of the United Kingdom, his given name is Jack.
Mount Gurage is a mountain in the Ethiopian Highlands of Ethiopia. It is located in the Gurage Zone.
The Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II International Airport LRT station is operated by the Indonesian Railway Company and opened on August 1, 2018. It is connected to the LRT Line 1 (Palembang LRT) and is adjacent to the Asrama Haji LRT station.
The London Underground station of Kilburn Park, England, was designed by Stanley Heaps. It was opened in 1915 and the station is located between Queen's Park station and Kilburn Park station.
The Pearl Harbor Remembrance Bridge (Maine) is a road bridge located in Maine, United States and it crosses the Kennebec River.
Patna Junction railway station was opened in 1862 and is operated by the Danapur railway division. It is located on the Howrah-Delhi main line and is adjacent to the Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station.
The Taunton & District Saturday Football League, a sports league in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1920 and is associated with association football.
Wincanton railway station, located in Wincanton, is a train station in the United Kingdom, named after Wincanton.
Saleh Farhan, also known as Salih, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Qatar SC.
Dave Tobik is a human being who plays as a pitcher for the Detroit Tigers.
Merrick Machine Company, a business in the automotive industry, was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Alda, Nebraska.
The National Space Council is a government organization in the United States. It was created in 1958 and is chaired by Mike Pence.
Gold Spot is a soft drink which originated in India and was manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company. It was created in 1952.
Forestburg, Alberta is a village in Alberta, Canada. It is a part of the list of villages in Alberta and it is bordered by Strome, Alberta.
JAAPA is a scientific journal published in English. It was established in 1988 and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
Andrew Marveggio, a human being, plays as a midfielder for Adelaide City FC. His given name is Andrew.
Edaphobacter modestus is a species of Edaphobacter, which is a taxon, and it is a Gram-negative bacteria.
The Dursupe Manor, in the Gothic Revival style, was constructed in 1820 in Latvia.
The Edward Serlin House is a house located in New York, United States, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Underwater rugby, a form of rugby football, is played in Colombia.
Andresen Island, an island, is located in the Bellingshausen Sea, Antarctica, within the Antarctic Treaty area.
Natasha Collins is a human being. Her given name is Natasha. She is married to Mark Speight, and also has a relationship with Mark Speight.
Yatap station is a station operated by Korail, which is connected to the Bundang Line. It was opened on September 1, 1994 and is located near Imae station.
Josef Yarney was a member of Newcastle United F.C. Reserves and Academy, started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
The Line S4 (Milan suburban railway service) terminates at Seveso railway station, which is the starting point of the service, and the direction is towards Seveso railway station.
Fyodor Tolbukhin was awarded the Order of the Red Banner on multiple occasions.
Ana Sátila is a human being whose given name is Ana. She competed in canoeing and kayaking at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jokosher is an audio editing software program written in Python and available for Linux. The software is released under the GNU General Public License.
Yevgeni Kranatov, also known as Yevgeni, is a human being who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Balakovo.
Hossein Kazemi is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Saipa F.C. His given name is Hossein.
Charles Mingus was the winner of the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at some point in time.
UFC 89, a mixed martial arts sporting event, is a sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Esporte Clube Campo Grande, which is an association football club, was founded in 1993 and is located in Brazil.
Robyn Field is a tennis player and was born on 27 June 1966. She is a female human.
Andrew Wyeth created the painting Flood Plain in 1986. The painting is in a private collection.
Bonum sane, a motu proprio, was written by Pope Benedict XV and published on 25 July 1920. The book is in the public domain.
Left Field Productions developed NBA Courtside 2002 for the GameCube. The game was published by Nintendo and is available on Nintendo optical discs.
The 2013 Auckland mayoral election took place in 2013 in New Zealand. The election was a mayoral election where the Mayor was the contested office.
Abraham Lincoln High School is located in Iowa, United States. It is part of the Council Bluffs Community School District. The school is a high school in North America.
Ajmer division, which contains Tonk district, is in Rajasthan state, India.
Federico Rasic was a member of FC Amkar Perm, started playing for them, stopped playing for them, and was acquired by them.
The Rock Pool is a literary work written in English by Cyril Connolly, which is a novel.
Halo ( Beyoncé song ) is written by Ryan Tedder and composed by Beyoncé. Its tonality is A major.
The Battle of Mersa Matruh was a battle that took place in Mersa Matruh, Egypt, and was part of the Western Desert campaign.
D.D. Terry is a human being who plays as a running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars. His given name is D.
France participated in the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics, represented by Estelle Alphand as the flag bearer.
Richard Mack is a human being with the surname Mack and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The Queen's Park station in Toronto is operated by the Toronto Transit Commission and opened on February 28, 1963. It is a station on the Line 1 Yonge-University and is located adjacent to the St. Patrick station.
The Senegal national basketball team is a national sports team that plays Basketball. The head coach of the team is Porfirio Fisac and the team represents Senegal.
Long Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in North Dakota, United States. It is protected under the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
Lydiate railway station is a train station located in Lydiate, United Kingdom.
Jon D. Fox attended a primary school. The primary school that Jon D. Fox attended is an instance of a primary school. The end time of Jon D. Fox's attendance at the primary school is not specified.
Miles Aircraft, a business, was founded in 1930 in Woodley, Berkshire, and ceased operations in 1947.
Ananda Dairy is a company founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Bulandshahr.
La Chapelle Rhénane, an orchestra, was founded by Benoît Haller in 2001. Benoît Haller is also the musical conductor of La Chapelle Rhénane.
Guo Zhenqian is the chairperson of the National Audit Office in China which was founded in 1983.
Oye Como Va is a song written in Spanish, composed by Tito Puente, with lyrics also by Tito Puente, originating from the United States.
Everything is a rock band from the United States, signed to Capricorn Records, and their music style is rock music.
Neon Punch is a K-pop girl group from South Korea that was formed on 26 June 2018.
Alanis Morissette won the American Music Award for Favorite Pop / Rock Female Artist at multiple points in time.
Sao Shwe Thaik was the President of Myanmar. He started his term and ended his term as President of Myanmar, and was replaced by another person.
Mister Loveless is an alternative rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area, United States.
Shakra is a hard rock band from Switzerland, signed to AFM Records.
Aso District, Kumamoto is a district in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan. Takamori, Kumamoto is also in Aso District.
William Craig, Lord Craig was a human being who was educated at the University of Edinburgh. His father was William Craig, and his given name was William.
The Miss Venezuela 1973 beauty pageant, which was held in Venezuela in 1973, was an instance of a beauty pageant edition and was won by Desirée Rolando.
Tyson Ruiz is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Glacis United F.C. His given name is Tyson.
Galleria Shopping Centre, located in Toronto, Canada, was opened in 1972.
Pablo Lugüercio is a member of Estudiantes de La Plata. He started playing for Estudiantes de La Plata at an unknown start time and stopped playing at an unknown end time.
Roberto Hernandez Stadium is a sports venue in the United States. It has a capacity of 4,000 people and was opened on 18 September 2003. The University of South Carolina Aiken is the occupant.
Lanterna is a rock and pop band from the United States. The band's musical genre is instrumental. Lanterna's member is Henry Frayne.
Chinnodu Peddodu is a Telugu language romantic comedy film from India produced by Sivalenka Krishna Prasad.
24 Frames Factory, a business founded by Vishnu Manchu in 2007, is located in Hyderabad.
Richard Nixon was awarded the Time Person of the Year. He was Time Person of the Year in 1969 and 1972. He received the award together with others.
Misty Morn was born in 1952. She was a female horse who was sired by Princequillo and had Successor as a child.
Dmitry Stakheyev was born in Yelabuga, a city located in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.
Icknield Street, or Icknield Street is a Roman road in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom.
Record label Studio One signed Cynthia Richards who has a voice and is a human. Cynthia Richards music genre is Reggae.
The Theâtre de l'Étoile du Nord is a theater in Tunis, Tunisia. It was opened on 26 February 2000.
The Kronberg Railway, in Hesse, Germany, is a standard gauge railway.
Robert Dyce is a human being. He is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His given name is Robert.
Edson Souza is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Madureira Esporte Clube. His real name is Edson.
One After 909 is a song written in English. The lyrics were written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon, with John Lennon also composing the music.
The Noah's Ark Principle was distributed by Filmverlag der Autoren, produced by Centropolis Entertainment, directed by Egon Werdin and edited by Tomy Wigand.
Vittorio Casaretti, also known as Vittorio, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for S.G. Gallaratese A.S.D.
Giorgos Vasiliou is a human being who plays as a midfielder for AEP Paphos FC. His given name is Giorgos.
The Life of Henry Brulard is a literary work written by Stendhal from France. It is an autobiography.
Andrei Tupolev was awarded the title of Hero of Socialist Labour on multiple occasions.
The official residence of the Wisconsin Governor is the Wisconsin Governor's Mansion located in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin, United States.
The Brittain River is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada, flowing into the Pacific Ocean.
One Direction was nominated for the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Pop at some point in time.
Baci Lingerie is a company that was founded in the United States in 2010 and is a company with a company legal form.
Nick Christensen is a member of Hellerup IK, and he started playing for the team at an unknown time and stopped at an unknown time.
East Rockland Key, an island, is located in Florida Bay, Monroe County, Florida, United States.
The Ministry of Agriculture in Ethiopia was established in 1995. It is a part of the country's jurisdiction.
Anything More Would Be Greedy is a television show. It was directed by Rodney Bennett. It was distributed by ITV Studios. It was originally broadcast on ITV.
The Urban Guerillas are a pub rock band from Australia that was formed in 1981.
Matt Hassett, whose name is Matt, is a human being and a member of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Team.
The live album Warzone K17 was released in 2009, the same date as the Aviator album. It was performed by Funker Vogt.
Elliot Peak is a mountain of the Queen Alexandra Range, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, on the continent of Antarctica.
The Henningsens is a country music band from the United States, signed to Arista Nashville.
Donald Weihs (nicknamed Donald) competed in ski mountaineering at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He was a human being.
Bridgwater & Albion is a rugby union team from the United Kingdom that was founded in 1875 and competes in rugby union.
The 1960 Copa Libertadores, organized by CONMEBOL, was won by Peñarol and was participated in by Club Olimpia. The competition ended on 19 June 1960.
Baruth (Mark) station is a train station in Germany which opened on 17 June 1875. The station is on the Berlin-Dresden railway.
Kosmos 2484, a Strela satellite, was manufactured by Information Satellite Systems Reshetnev. It was launched on 15 January 2013 from the Rokot space launch vehicle.
10 Foot Ganja Plant is a rock and pop band from the United States, their genre is reggae. They are signed to ROIR.
The Rookwood Cemetery railway line is a standard-gauge railway in New South Wales, Australia.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference, an intergovernmental organization founded by the Althing, is based in Schwerin and was established on January 7, 1991.
Bath Township, Greene County, Ohio is a township located in Greene County, Ohio, United States. It shares a border with Bethel Township, Clark County, Ohio.
Cryptopia is a bitcoin exchange founded in 2014 in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Jelle van Gorkom, also known as Jelle, is a human being who participated in Cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics and is associated with the sport of BMX.
The Village at Shirlington is a shopping mall in Virginia, United States. It was opened in 1944.
Forrest Chase is a shopping mall located in the City of Perth, Australia. It is not the same as Forrest Place.
Nicky Joyce is a human being who plays Gaelic football for the Galway Senior Football Team.
Ocean Avenue in Brooklyn is a thoroughfare in the United States. It is located in Brooklyn. Ocean Avenue is different from Ocean Parkway.
Oak Hill High School is located in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is part of the Rapides Parish School Board.
Nouria Hernandez graduated from the University of Geneva with a degree in her major, which ended at a certain point in time.
The Nokia 6670, a cell phone model manufactured by Nokia, was preceded by the Nokia 6620 and was followed by the Nokia N72.
Francisco Alex is a member of Rio Branco Esporte Clube, joined at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, through an acquisition transaction.
Larry Boone is a country music artist signed to Columbia Records. Boone is the surname of Larry Boone.
Cheyenne Autumn Trail is a 1964 film from the United States. The film is originally in English.
Ben Cleverley is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Shepton Mallet F.C. His given name is Ben.
Haseena Moin, a resident of Karachi, began her career in 1970. She is a human being who was awarded the Pride of Performance award.
The Honourable Woman, a London based television series, was created by Hugo Blick. It was first broadcast on BBC Two and the musical score was provided by Martin Phipps.
Mushroom Peak is a mountain in the Winston Churchill Range in Alberta, Canada.
Greater Shediac is a metropolitan area in New Brunswick, Canada. The main category is Greater Shediac.
The American Broadcasting Company distributed French Silk, which is a film in English, set in New Orleans, and filmed in New Orleans.
The Back River (Sheepscot River), which is a river, is located in the United States. It originates from the Cross River (Maine) and flows into the Sheepscot River.
Emilia Gubitosi, known as Emilia, is a human being. Emilia is married to Franco Michele Napolitano and was a student of Beniamino Cesi.
The 1953 Scottish Cup Final was played at Hampden Park. Rangers FC, who were also the winners, and Aberdeen FC were the participating teams.
The Vosges Club is a Voluntary Association located in the Vosges department of France.
The Colley Track / Soccer Complex is a sports venue in Troy, Alabama, United States. It was opened in 2003.
Ivan Baklanov is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Rostov. His given name is Ivan.
Willamette Iron and Steel Works, a shipbuilding company, was founded on January 1, 1865 and is based in Portland, Oregon.
Greg Meisner is a human being who plays as a defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams. His given name is Greg.
Will Whitticker (born Will) is a human being who graduated from Michigan State University and has played for the Green Bay Packers.
Tumangang Station is operated by the Korean State Railway and is connected to the Tumangang Line and the Hongui Line. It is located adjacent to Khasan railway station.
Balaka Township is located in the Southern Region of Malawi. Balaka Township is a city in Malawi.
Taptong Station is a train station in North Korea. It is owned by the Korean State Railway and was opened on 30 March 1943.
Kim Nam-chun, a human being, was educated at Kwangwoon University and is a member of the FC Seoul football club. He is a midfielder.
The architect of Citi Field, which was opened on March 29, 2009, was the company Populous. The field is used for baseball and was designed by the structural engineer WSP Global.
Higashi-Murayama Station is adjacent to Seibuen Station. The connecting line between Higashi-Murayama Station and Seibuen Station is the same line. The start time for the train from Higashi-Murayama Station towards Seibuen Station is not specified.
Matej Rakovan was a member of SK Slavia Prague from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and he was acquired through an unknown transaction.
Calcutta Puppet Theatre, founded by Suresh Dutta, is a puppet theatre, an organization, that was established in 1973.
The Pontiac Ventura is a car model manufactured by General Motors and is a Pontiac brand. The Pontiac Ventura was followed by the Pontiac Phoenix.
Edward Snowden worked at the University of Maryland, College Park, starting at an unknown time and leaving at an unknown time, holding an unknown position.
Renee Chappell is a human being who is a member of the Western Fury and the Australia national cricket team.
Potu is a human settlement in Goychay District, Azerbaijan. Potu is a different name for itself.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources is a government agency that applies to the state of Ohio in the United States and is located in Columbus, Ohio.
Djibo is a department in Burkina Faso, located in Soum Province. Djibo is the capital of Soum Province.
Gao Jun competed in table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics. His surname is Gao and he is a human being.
Vladimir Kovin, also known as Wladimir, received the Merited Master of Sports of the USSR award and the Order of Friendship of Peoples award. He was a member of the Diables Noirs de Tours.
Jim Washington, who is from the United States, played for the Chicago Bulls in the National Basketball Association. He is a human being.
Rebecca Rimmington is a human being who participates in cycle sport and is a member of the WNT -- Rotor Pro Cycling team.
Sam Whiskey is an English language film. The cast includes Angie Dickinson and Anthony James (actor). The producer of the film is Arnold Laven.
Eastman Pond is a lake in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.
The Outcast Islands are an island group located in Coronation Gulf, Nunavut, Canada.
MPH Group, a company founded in 1890, is a business located in Petaling Jaya and operates in the retail industry.
Venus Williams was nominated for the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award at some point in time, and it was also at some point in time that she received the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award, and at yet another point in time she received the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award.
Dragonlance Legends is a book series that takes place in the Dragonlance fictional universe, written by Margaret Weis and published in February 1986.
Piscobamba is a city in Peru, located in Piscobamba District. Piscobamba is the capital of Piscobamba District.
Kate Alicia Morgan, a human being, is a citizen of Wales and works at the BBC. Her given name is Kate.
Antal Kotász's given name is Antal. He is a member of the Vasas SC club and the Hungary national football team. He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Justin McMahon is a human being who won the GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award and plays for the Tyrone Senior Football Team.
Krell Hill is a mountain in the Selkirk Mountains of Washington, United States.
Kenda is a human settlement in Bardhaman district, India. Kenda is a different name, but it is not related to Kenda Rubber Industrial Company.
Samalie Matovu is a female singer and a human who uses her voice.
The Murcki Coal Mine, a mine in Poland, has been in operation since 1657 and produces coal.
The United States is the origin of the film Bring on the Girls, which was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Doris Dowling and Huntz Hall.
Villa Rivero Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia, specifically in Punata Province. It is a different entity from Villa Rivero.
Paul Simon is the composer of the song \"America\", written by Paul Simon. The song was produced by Art Garfunkel. The song originates from the United States.
The Sonoma State Seawolves, a university and college sports club from the United States, are categorized under Category:Sonoma State Seawolves and participate in American football.
Antoine and Sebastian is a film from France, starring Keith Carradine and Ottavia Piccolo, originally shown in French.
The Toei Company produced the film Sukeban, which was written by Norifumi Suzuki. The film originates from Japan. It is based on the original Japanese language.
Milton Glick held a position at Arizona State University from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
P. Gregory Warden attended Bryn Mawr College, which he left at some point in time, and earned an academic degree from Bryn Mawr College, also earning an academic degree from Bryn Mawr College.
The Lorado Mine is a mine located in Saskatchewan, Canada. It produces uranium.
Ricardo Delgado Araujo is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Envigado F.C. His given name is Ricardo.
The Laws of Thermodynamics was filmed in Barcelona. It stars Berta Vázquez and Josep Maria Pou. The original language of the film is Spanish.
Condair Group, a business founded in 1948, is headquartered in Freienbach and is a registered Aktiengesellschaft.
The Paintsville Herald is a newspaper from the United States, published in Paintsville, Kentucky, and it is a broadsheet.
Zaysan District is a district in the East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan, with its capital being the town of Zaysan.
The song Celestial, produced by Pedro Damián, is from Mexico. It follows Tu Amor (Jon B. song) and was followed by Bésame sin miedo.
Karfas, located in the Chios Municipality, Greece, is a human settlement.
The main category of the economy of Palau is Category:Economy of Palau, which is a national economy located in Palau.
Ken Jammeh, whose given name is Ken, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC KooTeePee.
Kenny Cooper was a member of FC Montreal, starting and ending at an unspecified time, as part of an acquisition transaction.
Edward Joseph Kelly was the head of government of Chicago. He started his tenure in Chicago and was a member of a political party.
Duval County Public Schools is a school district located in Florida, United States. The main category for Duval County Public Schools is Duval County Public Schools.
Florin Bejan is a human being. His given name is Florin. He plays as a defender for KS Cracovia (football).
The Marden House is a single-family detached home located in McLean, Virginia, United States, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Silvan Inia is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Volendam. His given name is Silvan.
Skelton Inlet is a bay located in the Antarctic Treaty area and is named after Reginald Skelton, situated in the continent of Antarctica.
Endless.com is a website in the retail industry that was created in 2006. It is owned by Amazon.
The TV series 3AM, which began on May 28, 2015, is based in the United States. It is distributed by Showtime Networks.
Manville High School is in the Manville School District. It is located in New Jersey, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The film Hapkido, originally in Cantonese, is from Hong Kong and stars Corey Yuen and Angela Mao.
The UT Martin Skyhawks, a university and college sports club, represent the University of Tennessee at Martin and play American football at Graham Stadium.
The South Taconic Trail, with its highest point of Brace Mountain, is located in Dutchess County, New York, United States.
Karim El Hany is a human being who plays as a midfielder for RWS Bruxelles. His given name is Karim.
Samois was an organization in the United States that was founded in 1978 and dissolved in 1983.
The Parnell Tunnel is a railway tunnel in the Auckland region of New Zealand. The tunnel was closed in 1930.
The film genre of Maga Rayudu is Fantasy. The film originates from India and is made in Telugu. The director of photography for the film is Chota K Naidu.
The International Esports Federation (founded 11 August 2008) is an organization headquartered in Seoul. It is the main organization in the category of International e-Sports Federation.
Julius Peppers was a member of the North Carolina Tar Heels football team, where he played as a specialist.
The LT Cortesia is a Container ship manufactured by Samsung Heavy Industries. It is registered in Madeira, Portugal.
Juan Surraco is a human being who plays as a midfielder for El Tanque Sisley. His given name is Juan.
South East Today is a news program and a television series from the United Kingdom, originally broadcast on BBC One.
Ying'an Airlines is an airline. Ying'an Airlines was founded in 2005. Ying'an Airlines is based in China. The airline hub is Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport.
The Battalion is owned by Texas A&M University and was founded in 1893. It is a broadsheet newspaper.
Ferdinand Lumban Tobing Airport in Kota Sibolga, Indonesia serves Sibolga. It is an airport located in Kota Sibolga, Indonesia.
Ryan Craig is a human who played for the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Tampa Bay Lightning in the National Hockey League.
Mendota Heights, Minnesota, in the United States, is a city located in Dakota County, Minnesota, and is situated next to the Minnesota River.
Vanilla Sky is a rock and pop band from Rome, Italy, that plays punk rock music.
The Kaiapoi River is a river in Canterbury, New Zealand. It flows into the Waimakariri River.
J. Darius Bikoff lives on the Upper East Side. His given name is J. and he is a human being. He is married to Jill Bikoff.
Neenah Foundry is a privately held company located in the United States. The company was founded in 1872. It is a privately held company.
Brandon Dubinsky is a human being in the National Hockey League who played for the Columbus Blue Jackets. He is from the United States.
Erwin Saavedra is a citizen of Bolivia. He played for the Bolivia national under-20 football team from 2011 to 2013 and later for the Bolivia national football team from 2013.
Lawrence Holland (cricketer) is a human being from the United Kingdom who plays cricket.
Simon Weatherstone, whose given name is Simon, is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Oxford United F.C.
The Oldenburg T 5.1 is a tank locomotive with a wheel arrangement of 2-4-2T. It is manufactured by Hanomag.
Bharat Broadband Network is a business in the telecommunications industry, based in India and owned by the Government of India.
The Queen (2006 film) won the Goya Award for Best European Film.
Annette Tison is the author of Barbapapa. She speaks French and her given name is Annette. She is married to Talus Taylor.
The film Finding Vivian Maier was directed by John Maloof. The main subject of the film is Vivian Maier, a photographer.
San José de las Lajas is the capital of Mayabeque Province, which is a province which was preceded by Havana Province and which is shared with Matanzas Province and Artemisa Province.
Curtis T. McMullen was awarded the Fields Medal and a doctorate in Philosophy. His field of work is Topology, and Dennis Sullivan was his doctoral advisor.
Yesan County is a county in South Korea. It is located in South Chungcheong Province. The official language is Korean.
Dieter Pfeifer, whose given name is Dieter, is a human being who participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics in the sport of swimming.
Barne Glacier is a glacier on Ross Island in Antarctica. It is part of the Antarctic Treaty area.
Ryan Reynolds received the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight for his work at a certain point in time, together with someone else.
AltSchool, a company, was founded on 01 January 2014 and is headquartered in San Francisco.
The Tenino was a sternwheel ship owned by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It was in service between 1861 and 1879.
O.S.C.A. (founded by Ettore Maserati) is a Società per azioni in the automotive industry. The company is located in San Lazzaro di Savena.
Seiji: Riku no Sakana is a Japanese drama from Japan, starring actor Hidetoshi Nishijima, and is in the Japanese language.
Buck Gladmon is a human being who plays as a third baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Franklin Furnace is a mine located in Franklin, New Jersey, United States. It produces zinc.
KMMJ is a radio station located in Grand Island, Nebraska, United States.
Pablo Salazar played for C.S. Herediano, joining at an unknown start time and leaving at an unknown end time.
The British Rail Class 325 is an electric multiple unit built by the ABB Group. The Class 325 is operated by DB Cargo UK.
The Grigorovich M-11 is a Russia flying boat, designed by Dmitry Pavlovich Grigorovich. It was manufactured by Shchetinin.
Biedma Department is a department in Argentina, located in the Chubut Province, with Puerto Madryn as its capital.
Philip Lund was a member of Kolding FC, with a start time and an end time, and was acquired through an acquisition transaction.
Campos Borges is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It is located in the country and shares a border with Quinze de Novembro.
The Mount Olive Trojans represent the University of Mount Olive in the United States, and are a university and college sports club, falling under the Category:Mount Olive Trojans.
Madison Marquette is a company founded in 1992, located in Washington, D.C.
Rabie Belgherri is a human being who plays as a midfielder for IRB Maghnia. His given name is Rabie.
Donald Dewar was the First Minister of Scotland from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was replaced by an unknown person.
The Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge is located in Malaysia and is a Bridge. It was opened in 2006 and crosses the Pahang River.
Aarathu Sinam is a film from India, whose director of photography is Aravinnd Singh. The film was produced by Thenandal Studio Limited and its original language is Tamil.
Pernik Municipality is located in Pernik Province, Bulgaria. The municipality's capital is Pernik.
Paapi is a film from India, originally shown in Hindi, starring Sunil Dutt and Padma Khanna.
Ludovic Blas is a human being who plays as a midfielder for the France national under-17 football team. His given name is Ludovic.
Miss Thailand World 2016 was the beauty pageant edition of the Miss Thailand World pageant, held in Thailand on 2016, and was part of the Miss Thailand World series.
McLaren Smith played for Bermuda's national cricket team and is a human being.
Henry Kautz is a human being who was awarded the ACM Fellow award and the AAAI Fellow award. His doctoral advisor was James F. Allen.
UFC Fight Night : Machida vs. Romero is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Aufacker is a mountain in the Ammergau Alps in Bavaria, Germany.
The 1937 Icelandic parliamentary election took place on June 29th, 1937 in Iceland. The election was an Icelandic parliamentary election where the Member of the Althing was the contested office.
National Highway 365A is a road in India. It is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways and is part of the National Highway system in India.
The Thoroughbred horse Leonatus was born in 1880. He was a male and his father was Longfellow.
Brian Sarmiento is a member of Girona FC, he started playing for Girona FC and ended his time with the team, the transfer details are unknown.
The Great Macarthy is from Australia, where the main subject is Australian rules football. It was originally shown in English and starred John Jarratt.
The Caine Prize, an award named after Michael Harris Caine, was established in 2000 and was won by Binyavanga Wainaina.
OHADA was founded on 17 October 1993. It is an international organization located in Yaoundé and is managed by Dorothé Sossa.
Julius Erving was a member of the Philadelphia 76ers, playing for the team from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, likely in a position such as a forward.
The Los Angeles General Services Police is a government agency in the United States that was founded in 1979. It was dissolved in 2012.
The Lancia D50 is a racing car made by Lancia in Italy and is used in the sport of Motorsport.
From the Hip, filmed in North Carolina, stars Darren McGavin and Allan Arbus. Dante Spinotti was the director of photography.
Tess Daly, whose given name is Helen, is White British and speaks English. She is married to Vernon Kay.
Bradford Exchange, a business founded by J. Roderick MacArthur in 1973, is located in Niles, Illinois.
Keane was set in New York state. The film was shot in New Jersey and New York City. The director of photography for Keane is John Foster, a cartoonist.
The original language of the film Casting JonBenet is English. The film was produced by James Schamus and the musical score was composed by Nathan Larson. The film was shot by director of photography Michael Latham.
Alan Murray was a footballer with Middlesbrough F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C. He is now a coach for Darlington F.C. and is a human being.
Buckhorn Reservoir, a reservoir located in North Carolina, United States.
Centre Stage is a theater located in Greenville, South Carolina, United States. It is a different name from Center Theatre.
Villalmanzo is located in the Province of Burgos, Spain, and is a municipality, with Villalmanzo as its capital.
Quel movimento che mi piace tanto, from Italy, was directed by Roberto Gerardi. Francesco D'Adda and Mario Colli are both in the cast.
South Cle Elum, Washington is a town in the United States, located in Kittitas County, Washington. It shares a border with Ronald, Washington.
The 1996 Ukrainian Cup Final was played at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex. FC Dynamo Kyiv won the final and FC Nyva Vinnytsia also participated in the final, with FC Dynamo Kyiv also participating.
Lake Highlands High School is a high school located in Texas, United States. It is part of the Richardson Independent School District.
Uranometria is a star atlas written by Johann Bayer, published in 1603 and is in the public domain.
Bindlacher Berg Airport is a commercial airfield located in Bindlach, Germany, serving Bayreuth.
Kizhekethil Chandy attended the Government Arts College, Thiruvananthapuram, which he completed. At Government Arts College, Thiruvananthapuram, he studied an academic major and earned an academic degree.
Marion Reichelt competed in the European Combined Events Team Championships, which is a sports discipline, and received an award.
Gary Reasons is a human being who plays as a Linebacker for the New York Giants. His given name is Gary.
Baker Island, Pennsylvania, is a river island located in the Allegheny River, in the United States.
Atticus Clothing, a business founded by Mark Hoppus in 2001, is located in San Diego.
Courtney Jones, also known as John, is a figure skater who competed with Doreen Denny and June Markham as partners in business.
The Bellarine Peninsula is a peninsula in Australia, located in Victoria, Australia. The main category is Bellarine Peninsula.
John McDowell, whose given name is John, is a human being and a member of the New York Giants.
Hong Kong and the United States have a bilateral relationship, with the United States being a participant in the relationship.
I54, a business founded by Advantage West Midlands in 2005, is located in South Staffordshire.
Bloody New Year is a horror film from the United Kingdom. The film's original language is English. The film was edited by Carl Gustaf Thomson.
MasterChef (Brazilian season 4) was a Brazilian TV series produced by the Shine Group.
A Butterfly in the Night, from Argentina, was directed by Américo Hoss. The film stars Yves Montand and Mario Casado.
The Delaware Constitution of 1776 was the constitution of Delaware. It was in effect from 1776 and was replaced by the Delaware Constitution of 1792.
The shipyard Westermoen Hydrofoil was founded in 1961 in Norway. The industry of the shipyard is shipbuilding.
Aschentalshalbe is a mountain in the Harz mountain range in Germany, specifically in the Harz district of Göttingen.
Stu Tate, whose surname is Tate, played pitcher for the San Francisco Giants and is a human.
Fausto Tienza is a human being who plays as a midfielder for UD Melilla. His given name is Fausto.
Lutherville, Maryland is a census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. The main category is Lutherville, Maryland.
Sid Hearn is a human being who plays cricket and is a citizen of the United Kingdom and a member of Kent County Cricket Club.
Keewaydin State Park is a New York state park located in Alexandria, New York, in the United States, situated next to the Saint Lawrence River.
The Southern Times Messenger, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1951 and is owned by News Corp Australia.
Mark Ealham is a human being who has been a member of Kent County Cricket Club and Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club.
Louisville is a village in the United States, located in Clay County, Illinois. The village is the capital of Clay County.
Selica Winiata is a human being who plays Rugby union and Rugby sevens for the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Amour Fou (1993 film) is a film from France. It was released in 1993 and was directed by Roger Vadim.
UFC Fight Night : Lewis vs. Browne is a mixed martial arts sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Sherry Hawco, a human being, participated in the 1979 Pan American Games in artistic gymnastics.
Billy Byers won the AACTA Award for Best Original Music Score for his work.
Kafui Danku is a human being who studied at the University of Cape Coast and is an actress.
Ibstock is located in North West Leicestershire, United Kingdom, and is a civil parish.
Mozart Decoded is a film from Canada, released in 2008, directed by Kevin Sullivan.
Anna and the Apocalypse is a film in English. It was produced by Naysun Alae-Carew and distributed by Orion Pictures. The production company behind the film is Creative Scotland.
Snarby Peak is a mountain of the Sverdrup Mountains, located in the Antarctic Treaty area, on the continent of Antarctica.
Dimitris Giovanakis is a human being. His given name is Dimitris. He plays as a defender for Aiolikos F.C.
Servicio Paz y Justicia is a voluntary association in Argentina, which is a voluntary association, and works in the field of human rights.
National Highway 927A is a road in India. It is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. It is part of the National Highway system in India.
The Oruaiti River is in the Northland region of New Zealand. Wainui River (Northland) is a tributary of Oruaiti River.
Reggie Williams was a linebacker for the Cincinnati Bengals.
Canalside Studios is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom, specifically located in Huddersfield, and is a part of the video game industry.
Lake Griffin State Park is a Florida state park located in Florida, United States. It is categorized as a IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
La Riba de Escalote is a municipality in the Province of Soria, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Caltojar.
Rick Witter & The Dukes are a rock and pop band from York, formed in 2005, and they play alternative rock music.
Adrian Madaschi was a member of Spezia Calcio from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, acquired through an unknown transaction.
State Highway 45 is a highway in Kerala, India. It is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the List of state highways in Kerala.
Angelo Chol, whose given name is Angelo, attended San Diego State University and is a human being. He plays for the San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball team.
UFC 87 is a mixed martial arts sporting event, an instance of a sporting event, that was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Stratfor, a business founded by George Friedman, is located in Austin, Texas and was established on January 1, 1996.
Masjid e Tooba is a Mosque in Karachi, Pakistan, and it is in the Mid-century modern style.
Imedi Media Holding, a television station, was founded on 15 March 2001 and is headquartered in Tbilisi, operating as a joint-stock company.
Interstate 270 in Colorado is part of the Interstate Highway System and is maintained by the Colorado Department of Transportation. It has a terminus at Interstate 70 in Colorado and was opened in 1965.
Roberto Argüello is a tennis player whose residence is in Buenos Aires. He is also human.
The Yellala Falls are a waterfall in the Congo River, which is part of the Congo Basin. The falls are located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Sonia Bompastor is a member of Paris Saint-Germain Féminine. She joined Paris Saint-Germain Féminine at an unspecified start time and left at an unspecified end time as part of an acquisition transaction.
Alexandro Pozzer is a human being who plays Handball for AD Ciudad de Guadalajara, also known as Alexandro.
Timmy Fleming is a human being who plays Gaelic football for the Kerry Senior Football Team.
Yairo Yau is a member of Deportivo Cali, he started with Deportivo Cali, he left Deportivo Cali, and he was acquired by Deportivo Cali.
The Bank of Communications, a joint-stock company in the financial services industry, is headquartered in Bocom Financial Towers. The company's stock is traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Gold Dust Hotel in Kansas, United States, has an Italianate style building.
SMS Saida is a ship built by Cantiere Navale Triestino in Austria-Hungary. The ship was operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Allen Iverson was a member of the Memphis Grizzlies, starting his tenure with the team, and played as a point guard.
Beacon Pictures, a film production company founded by Armyan Bernstein in 1990, is located in Tokyo.
St Edward's College in Liverpool was founded 1 May 2011 and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool.
Little MacLeod Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
The National State Television and Radio Company of Belarus owns the radio station Radio Belarus which was founded in 01 January 1962 and uses the Belarusian language.
The hymn Finlandia, written by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi, is based on Finlandia. It was written by Jean Sibelius.
ERONET is a business in the mobile phone industry located in Bosnia and Herzegovina and is owned by HT Mostar.
Howlock Mountain is a mountain in the Cascade Range in Oregon, United States.
The Nokia 3200, manufactured by Nokia, is a cell phone model that was preceded by the Nokia 3100. The Nokia 3200 was followed by the Nokia 3220.
Ho'okipa is a surfing spot on the island of Maui in the United States. Ho'okipa is in the Maui County, Hawaii.
Interactive Intelligence, a business founded in 1994, is located in Indianapolis and is traded on the Nasdaq.
Serikzhan Muzhikov started playing for FC Astana at an unknown time and stopped at an unknown time.
Stroszek (band) is an Aberdeen based Alternative rock band that was formed in 2005.
The XMobots Apoena, a subclass of aircraft, is from Brazil and was made by XMobots. It first flew on 18 November 2008.
Josep Borrell attended Stanford University. He started at Stanford University. He finished at Stanford University. He obtained an academic degree at Stanford University.
That's My Line was created by Mark Goodson. It was produced by Fremantle and ended in September 1981. The series is in the English language.
Paul Islas is a member of Fresno FC U-23, and his participation in the team started at some unknown time and ended at some unknown time.
Amalgamated Sugar Company, a business founded by David Eccles in 1897, is headquartered in Nampa, Idaho.
Ralph van Dooren is a human being who plays as a midfielder for FC Eindhoven. His given name is Ralph.
Proxies (band) is a rock and pop band from Yorkshire that was formed in 2010. Their musical genre is alternative rock.
National Highway 39 is a road in India and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. It is part of the National Highway system in India.
The Likwit Crew is a musical ensemble from the United States. The band's genre is hip hop music. Its member is King T.
Evan Kostopoulos is a member of Adelaide Comets FC, with a start time and an end time.
The South Cameroon Company produces palm oil and natural rubber. It is managed by Maximilian Heinrich Schinckel and Sigmund Hinrichsen.
Stainless Games is the developer of Risk: Factions, which was published by Electronic Arts. The game is available for Xbox 360 and is available for Steam service.
Khaled Kassab is a human being who plays as a defender for Al-Sulaymaniyah FC. His given name is Khaled.
The S27 (Munich) is a Munich S-Bahn line in Germany. It was dissolved on 15 December 2013.
The Te Arai River is a river in the Gisborne District, New Zealand. It flows into the Waipaoa River.
Michael Bloomberg graduated from Johns Hopkins University. He finished his studies at Johns Hopkins University. His major at Johns Hopkins University was not specified. Michael Bloomberg received an academic degree from Johns Hopkins University.
Isyu Ngayon is a Philippine TV series from the Philippines, originally broadcast on GMA Network, and distributed by GMA News TV.
The TV series Old School originated in Australia and is broadcast on the ABC (Australian TV channel). The TV series is in English.
Walk... Don't Walk is a 1968 short film from the United States starring Chevy Chase.
Jim McGuinness is a human being who plays Gaelic football for the Donegal Senior Football Team.
Pouria Gheidar is a human being who plays as a midfielder for PAS Hamedan F.C. His given name is Pouria.
National Highway 332A is a road in India and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. It is part of the National Highway system in India.
Xtra Heat is a female Thoroughbred horse from the United States, born in 1998.
Jermaine Cunningham, a human being, is also known as Alfred. He attended the University of Florida and was a member of the San Francisco 49ers.
Clement Lebopo, whose given name is Clement, is a human being who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, competing in the marathon.
Stephen Island, an island, is located in the Nickerson Ice Shelf, in the Antarctic Treaty area, on the continent of Antarctica.
The LDV Maxus is manufactured by the LDV Group. It is a car model that was succeeded by the LDV Pilot.
The Minds of Billy Milligan is written in English and published by Random House. The book features Billy Milligan as a character.
Poster Boys, a Hindi film, has a Kijkwijzer rating of 9. The film is from India and is distributed by Sony Pictures Networks India.
Einstein Girl is a film from Japan, starring Mayuko Iwasa and Rina Akiyama, originally shown in Japanese.
Pinkhill Lock, located in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom, is a water navigational lock on the River Thames.
Nicholas Brown Jr., a member of the American Antiquarian Society, was the son of Nicholas Brown Sr. and Nicholas Brown III. Nicholas Brown Jr. is buried in Rhode Island.
Jel Sert, a company in the drink industry, was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in West Chicago, Illinois.
Eushully is a business that was founded in 2005 in Sapporo and is located in Sapporo.
Harrison High School is located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States. It is part of the Harrison School District 2.
Dancing Dots, a United States business, is located in Philadelphia.
Assean Lake is a lake located in Manitoba, Canada.
Dave Coxhill is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Millwall F.C. His given name is Dave.
The 1988 San Diego mayoral election took place between January 1st and December 31st, 1988 in the United States. The election was a mayoral election where the office of the Mayor was contested.
Guillaume Quellier is a member of Stade de Reims. He joined Stade de Reims at an unknown start time and left at an unknown end time, through an unknown acquisition transaction.
Maoke Mountains, with Puncak Jaya as the highest point, is in the New Guinea Highlands, Indonesia.
Peter Olofsson is the same as Peter Olofsson and is a human being who plays handball.
The Nicula Monastery, Romanian Orthodox, is located in Nicula, Romania.
Panpepato is a type of cake from Italy, which is made with almonds.
Ircon International, a business, was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in New Delhi, operating in the rail transport industry.
Takumi Kuriyama, a human being, is from Japan. He plays for Saitama Seibu Lions as an outfielder.
Riley Park ( Sumter ) is a sports venue located in Sumter, South Carolina, United States. The South Atlantic League is the occupant of Riley Park ( Sumter ).
Marcos Rocha is a member of Uberlândia Esporte Clube, he started playing for the team at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time, he was also acquired by the team in an unknown transaction.
Obermillstatt is a village in Millstatt, Austria. The main category is Obermillstatt.
The 1953 Christchurch mayoral election took place between January and December 1953 in New Zealand. The election was for the office of the Mayor.
VentureCrowd is a company founded on 01 January 2013 and is located in Sydney.
The company Stadiums Limited was founded in 1915 by John Wren.
The SS Solomon Juneau is a ship from the United States built by the California Shipbuilding Corporation and operated by the United States Navy.
The Weird Al Show was created by "Weird Al" Yankovic, originally aired on CBS, starred Gary LeRoi Gray, and was in the English language.
Richard Stark's Parker: The Hunter is written in English by Darwyn Cooke. It is published by IDW Publishing. It is based on The Hunter (Stark novel).
Elliot Meyerowitz was awarded the Gruber Prize in Genetics at some point in time. This is related to the Gruber Prize in Genetics at some point in time. This is also related to the Gruber Prize in Genetics at some point in time.
Diligent Corporation, a privately held company, was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in New York City.
Pigeon Key, Florida is a historic district located on Pigeon Key in Monroe County, Florida, United States.
Thomas Arnold was the head teacher from an unknown start date to an unknown end date.
Sartimbamba District is a district in the Sánchez Carrión Province of Peru. It is a district in the country and it shares a border with the Cochocro District.
WWEG is a radio station in Myersville, Maryland, United States.
Lake Borabay is a lake located in Amasya Province, Turkey.
Blue Sky Aviation Services is an airline based in Kenya. It was founded in 1996 and its hub airport is Moi International Airport.
South Street, Mayfair is located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. The street connects with Farm Street.
Johannes Christiaan de Marez Oyens is a human being. He is the father of Hendrik Jan de Marez Oijens and the child of Gerrit Hendrik de Marez Oijens. Hendrik Jan de Marez Oyens is his sibling.
Hal Prewitt founded Core International in 1979. The company is in the computer hardware industry.
Jimmy Adam is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Stoke City F.C. His given name is Jimmy.
Clivia (opera) is an instance of Opera. It is an Operetta. It was composed by Nico Dostal and first performed on 23 December 1933.
Joanne Reid is a human being who competes in the sport of biathlon. Her given name is Joanne. She participated in the 2019 Biathlon World Championships.
The 1986 Taca de Portugal Final was played at Estádio Nacional on 27 April 1986. It was won by S.L. Benfica, who were the participating team.
Manifesto Games is a business in the United States, established in 2005, and is part of the video game industry.
The Herald (Ireland) is a daily newspaper. It is owned by Independent News & Media. The language of The Herald (Ireland) is English. The Herald (Ireland) is published in a tabloid format.
Evan Gray is a human being who plays for the New Zealand national cricket team.
The Copia Museum was located in Napa, California, United States. It ceased operations in 2008.
Frazer Field is a sports venue in the United States owned by the University of Delaware. The home team of the Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team.
Daniel Bragg is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Gold Coast United FC. His given name is Daniel.
Ali Mombaini is a human being who plays as a midfielder for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C. His given name is Ali.
Samuel Goldwyn Films distributed the science fiction film No Men Beyond This Point, which originates from Canada. The original language of the film is English.
The Island Tower Sky Club is a skyscraper in Fukuoka, Japan designed by Takenaka Corporation.
Pope's Flat is a river island located in the Housatonic River in Connecticut, United States.
The Palisades is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada. It is located in the city of Edmonton and shares a border with Wellington.
The film Doctor Sleep ( 2002 film ) features Shirley Henderson and John Rogan in the cast and was produced by BBC, with Niven Howie as the film editor.
UTI Asset Management, a business, was founded in 1964 and is located in Mumbai, and is in the mutual fund industry.
Normal (2007 film) is a film from Canada, starring Carrie-Anne Moss and Andrew Airlie, and was originally shown in English.
Vision Air Malaysia was a Malaysian airline. It was based in Malaysia and had its hub at Miri Airport. The airline ceased operations in 2003.
The Battle of Port Louis was a naval battle fought on 11 December 1799 during the French Revolutionary Wars between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the French.
Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion is a 2005 book by Milton R. Beychok about Atmospheric dispersion modeling.
Star Realms, a board game, was published by White Wizard Games in 2014. It was developed by Darwin Kastle.
Plum High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is a high school and part of the Plum Borough School District.
The 2001 Brasil Open was organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals. It is different from the 2001 Brasil Open – Men. The 2001 Brasil Open – Men is a part of the 2001 Brasil Open. The 2001 Brasil Open was followed by the 2002 Brasil Open.
Stamford, Lincolnshire is a town in Stamford, United Kingdom. The main category for Stamford, Lincolnshire is Stamford, Lincolnshire.
The English language TV series Citizen Khan, which was created by Adil Ray, was first shown on BBC One. Shobu Kapoor stars in the series.
Nailya Gilyazova was born in Kazan, which is located in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.
The DSB Class EA is an electric locomotive class with a Bo-Bo wheel arrangement. It was made by Henschel & Son.
JQuery Mobile is a web framework. It is licensed under the MIT License and the GNU General Public License. The programming language used is JavaScript.
Persiss Sorong is an association football club from Indonesia, that plays in the Liga Indonesia Second Division, and is involved in the sport of Association football.
Mojave Moon is a film from the United States, distributed by GK Films. It stars Alfred Molina.
Ettaler Manndl is a mountain in the Ammergau Alps in Bavaria, Germany.
Carrascosa de la Sierra is a municipality in the Province of Soria, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Val Tajeros.
Chemical equilibrium is a subclass of Equilibrium and a subclass of technique. It is described by the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia and falls under the category of Chemical equilibria.
Maharana Pratap Sagar is a reservoir in India. It is formed by the Pong Dam.
The novel Time and Again is written in English. The main subject of the novel is time travel. The novel is set in New York City and was published by Simon & Schuster.
Champion REIT, a business, was founded in 2006 and is based in Hong Kong. The company is traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Bengo River is a river in Bengo Province, Angola, flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.
West Meadows Ice Arena is a sports venue located in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, United States. The Chicago Hitmen are the occupants of the arena.
The Gable Mansion is located in California, United States. It is a building in the Renaissance Revival style.
Brewmeister Brewery is a brewery located in Aberdeenshire, UK, and is part of the brewing industry.
Aso Villa is located in Abuja, Nigeria. It is a building and serves as an official residence.
Programa Xuxa, a television series, originates from Brazil and was originally broadcast in Portuguese on Rede Globo.
Hyuna is affiliated with Cube Entertainment. Her affiliation with Cube Entertainment started at some time and ended at some time.
Fernando Pérez de Traba is married to Theresa, Countess of Portugal. He is the father of Teresa Fernández de Traba and has a brother named Rodrigo Pérez de Traba. He is a member of the House of Traba.
The Beast is an English-language television series that premiered on 13 June 2001 and ended on 25 July 2001. It was broadcast by the American Broadcasting Company.
Yavi Department, Argentina is located in the Jujuy Province, the capital of which is La Quiaca.
CSI: Trilogy is a television show whose genre is crossover fiction. It originates from the United States and was originally broadcast on CBS.
Riggs Flat Lake is a lake in Arizona, United States.
The film Faust and Marguerite (1904) is a public domain copyrighted version of the opera Faust, which was made in France by the Star Film Company.
Viimne reliikvia is a film from Estonia, distributed by Tallinnfilm. The film is set in Estonia and is located in the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic.
WTT HK was a private company limited by shares owned by The Wharf (Holdings) that was dissolved in 2019 and was replaced by Hong Kong Broadband Network.
Debevoise & Plimpton, a law firm founded by William Stevenson in 1931, is based in New York City.
Fieldings Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Zurella was born in New Zealand on 25 September 2008 and is a female. Zabeel is her father.
The 2001 Civic Democratic Party leadership election took place between January 1st and December 31st, 2001 in the Czech Republic. The election was for the office of the Party leader.
Grey Global Group, a business, was founded on August 1, 1917 and is headquartered in New York City, operating in the marketing industry.
Rythme FM is a radio station and broadcast network that uses the French language. The station was founded in 1999.
The Potomac Creek Bridge is a railway bridge located in Virginia, United States and it crosses the Potomac Creek.
The Leslie Harrison Dam is a dam located on Tingalpa Creek in Queensland, Australia.
Ian Read was the Chief Executive Officer of Pfizer from December 5, 2010 to January 1, 2019.
Clearfield Area Junior / Senior High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Clearfield Area School District. The school is a high school in North America.
Kamiji Station is a train station in Japan. It was established on 8 November 1922 and closed on 14 March 1985.
Watlow, a privately held company, was founded in 1922 and is based in St. Louis.
Percewood's Onagram is a rock and pop band from Germany that was formed on 01 January 1969 in Germany.
Atlixco is a city located in Atlixco Municipality, Mexico. Atlixco is the capital of Atlixco Municipality.
The Sigma SD14 is a digital single-lens reflex camera manufactured by Sigma Corporation. It was introduced in 2007.
MOL Enterprise is a container ship made by IHI Corporation in Togo and owned by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines.
Liahavichy Castle is located in Lyakhavichy, Belarus. It was founded by Jan Karol Chodkiewicz.
Leland I is a sculpture created by both Bonnie Bronson and Lee Kelly and is located in the United States.
The Marble Arch Caves are a show cave in County Fermanagh, United Kingdom. They were discovered in 1895.
Skindred is a heavy metal band from Newport, Wales. Their record label is Napalm Records and they have Benji Webbe as a member.
The Punk Chef, whose name is Scott Garthwaite, is a human with a hearing loss.
Snohomish County Public Utility District, a public utility company, was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Everett, Washington.
Hip Hing Construction, founded by Cheng Yu-tung in March 1961, is a business based in Hong Kong.
Tamerna Djedida is a human settlement in Algeria, located in the Djamaâ District. It shares a border with M'Rara.
Pickwick (band) is an indie rock band from Seattle, United States.
Valdosta High School is located in Georgia (U.S. state), United States. It is part of the Valdosta City School District.
The newspaper General was founded in 1976. It is a newspaper published in Malayalam and is a broadsheet format.
HyperACCESS is a Microsoft Windows operating system software which was created in 1985 by Hilgraeve.
The United States is the origin of Momentum ( 2015 film ) which was directed by Glen MacPherson. The film is based in Washington DC and is distributed by GoDigital.
North Charleston High School is located in South Carolina, United States. It is part of the Charleston County School District. The school is an instance of a high school in North America.
The 2005 Kiso mayoral election took place between January 1st and December 31st, 2005. It was a mayoral election held in Japan for the office of Mayor.
Lebanon is a city in the United States, located in Marion County, Kentucky. Lebanon is the capital of Marion County, Kentucky.
The director of photography for Stingaree ( 1934 film ) was Leo Tover. The film features Lionel Belmore and Henry Stephenson in the cast. It was executive produced by Pandro S. Berman.
Ultraman Neos is a broadcasting program from Japan, originally from Japan, broadcast by Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting.
Gazelle (software company) is a business in the video game industry, founded on 01 January 1995 in Japan.
Villa Costanza is a villa veneta in San Pietro in Cariano, Italy, in the Palladian style.
Merry Maids, a business in the service industry, was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House is a house located in the United States and has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rita Sullivan is a female character, also known as Rita, who appears in the TV show Coronation Street.
Peter Schutz served as Chief Executive Officer of Porsche from 1981 until 1987.
Terang railway station, which is named after Terang, was opened on 23 April 1887 and is owned by VicTrack. It serves the transport hub of Terang.
The Boeing XB-56 is a proposed aircraft from the United States. It is a bomber.
Vijaydan Detha is a notable writer who wrote Batan Ri Phulwari. He received the Sahitya Akademi Award and his writing is in the Rajasthani language.
Autograph Collection, a business founded by Richard C. Kessler in 2010, is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
L'Astronomie is a French language periodical literature that was created in 1883. Its main subject is Astronomy.
The College Tribune, which was founded in 1989, is a tabloid newspaper from the Republic of Ireland.
The River Waring is a river in Lincolnshire, United Kingdom. It flows into the River Bain.
The Koeye River is a watercourse in British Columbia, Canada. It flows into the Pacific Ocean.
Susan Corrock, whose given name is Susan, is a human being who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics in the sport of Alpine skiing.
Candover Investments, a business founded in 1980, is based in London. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Hollow Ground is a rock and pop band from South Shields, United Kingdom, that plays heavy metal music.
Villalba del Rey is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Cuenca, and it is the capital of Villalba del Rey.
The Gillespie Street-Clinton River Bridge, which crosses the Clinton River (Michigan), is located in the United States and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1947 Scottish Cup Final was played at Hampden Park. Aberdeen FC won the final and Hibernian FC also played in the final.
Arammba is a Modern language spoken in Papua New Guinea, specifically in the Western Province.
Boudouaou District is located in the Boumerdès Province of Algeria, the capital of which is Boudouaou.
Society Stores Supermarkets is a privately held company founded in 2014 and headquartered in Thika.
UFC Fight Night : Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov is a mixed martial arts sporting event held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The 1989 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was played at the Wankdorf Stadium. FC Barcelona won the final and U.C. Sampdoria also participated in the final.
WMVB is a radio station in Millville, New Jersey, United States.
The 1908 Wellington City mayoral election took place between January and December 1908 in New Zealand. The election was for the office of the Mayor of Wellington.
Winthrop Jordan studied at Clark University, graduating with an academic degree. He attended Clark University until the end time, majoring in the field of study at Clark University.
Percy Lowe was the Curator from start time to end time.
Jos North is a local government area in Plateau State, Nigeria. The Jos North legislative council is the governing body of Jos North.
The 1998 Football League Cup Final was a football match held at Wembley Stadium ( 1923 ) and was won by Chelsea F.C., who were the participating team.
Amar Rashid, known as Amar, is a human being who plays for the Unicorns cricket team and his bowling style is the leg break.
The Interstate 182 Bridge carries Interstate 182 and the Sacagawea Heritage Trail over the Columbia River. It is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Blackfriars Road is a road in the United Kingdom. It is located in the London Borough of Southwark. The road is an instance of a road and connects to Westminster Bridge Road.
The Sea Princess is a cruise ship from Bermuda, built by Fincantieri, and is homeported in Monrovia.
DON Market, a retail business, was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Ohrid.
Shrek! is a picture book published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The book's illustrator is William Steig.
Friedrich Wilhelm von Buxhoeveden, whose given name is Fyodor, is a member of the Buxhoeveden family and had a child named Peter von Buxhoeveden. He received the Order of the White Eagle ( Poland )
UFC 42 is a mixed martial arts sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Sandneset Point is a headland and peninsula in the Antarctic Treaty area, which is located in the continent of Antarctica.
Elmira Free Academy is part of the Elmira City School District. It is located in New York, United States. Elmira Free Academy is a high school.
Hare Splitter is from the United States, and is part of the Merrie Melodies series. It was produced by Edward Selzer, and is written in the English language.
Supplementum Plantarum was written by Carl Linnaeus the Younger and published in Braunschweig on 1 April 1782. It is a written work.
Luxim, a company founded in 2000, is a company located in Sunnyvale, California.
The Englebert Complex is a sports venue in the United States. It was opened in 1978 and is occupied by the Toronto Blue Jays.
New Artists Alliance, a business in the film industry, was founded in 2007 and is based in Los Angeles.
François Jacob was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine together with André Lwoff and Jacques Monod in 1965.
The Isaac H. Lionberger House is a building in the United States. It was designed by Henry Hobson Richardson in 1887.
Slingshot Cartel, a business in the video game industry, was founded on January 1, 2016 and is headquartered in London.
1994 Thriftway ATP Championships was organized by the Women's Tennis Association. It was followed by the 1993 Thriftway ATP Championships and the 1995 Thriftway ATP Championships. 1994 Thriftway ATP Championships -- Singles was one of the events.
Austin & Pickersgill, a business in the shipbuilding industry, was founded in 1954 and is based in England.
Rusk County Airport (Wisconsin) is located in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States and serves Ladysmith, Wisconsin.
Thursday Theatre is a television series which was first broadcast on 8 October 1964. It starred Rachel Gurney and John Sharp.
Galileo Galilei is the author of Sidereus Nuncius, from Italy. The book is in Latin and its main subject is Astronomy.
Maynard High School is a state school in Arkansas, United States. It is located in Arkansas and is part of the Maynard School District.
Desert Strike is a single-player video game available for the Amiga and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was followed by Jungle Strike.
The Japan High School Baseball Federation is a public-service corporation in Japan. It was established on April 1, 2011, as a Public Interest Incorporated Foundation.
Estonian Shipping Company, a business founded in 1991, is a public limited company located in Tallinn.
The Big Knights is an English language TV series that started on 19 December 1999 and was originally broadcast on BBC One. Morwenna Banks was part of the cast.
The film Mazeppa, which is about a horse, was filmed in France and directed by Bernard Zitzermann. The original language of the film is French.
Air Kasaï is an airline from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was established in 1983 and its main base is N'Dolo Airport.
The Presidential election of 1981 in Bangladesh took place in 1981. The election was a Presidential election held in Bangladesh where the President (government title) was the contested office.
The Jungbu Expressway is a road in South Korea which was completed in 1987.
Sharpeville is a township in South Africa, located in the Emfuleni Local Municipality. The main category for Sharpeville is Sharpeville.
William Horsley was the student of Charles Edward Horsley and the father of John Callcott Horsley and Charles Edward Horsley. He was buried in Kensal Green Cemetery.
Léopold Renouard was Governor, starting in 1877, of something, and ended his term in 1878.
Bancannia Lake is a lake in New South Wales, Australia.
The Art Front magazine was founded in 1934 in New York City, United States.
The Mississippi Department of Transportation is the maintainer of Interstate 20 in Mississippi, which is part of the Mississippi State Highway System and the Interstate Highway System. The highway has a terminus at Interstate 20 in Alabama.
Marshyhope Creek is a river in Maryland, United States. It flows into the Nanticoke River.
The 1964 United States presidential election in Kansas was a presidential election held on November 3rd, 1964 in the United States. The President of the United States was the office contested in this election.
Putgarten is a municipality in Germany, located in Vorpommern-Rügen. The main category is Putgarten.
El Horreya SC is an association football club in Egypt, playing in the Egyptian Second Division.
The American Blimp MZ-3 is a ship built by the American Blimp Corporation in the United States. The ship is operated by the United States Navy.
La Garrovilla is a municipality in the Province of Badajoz, Spain. It is located in the country and shares a border with Torremayor.
The Wheelbarrow Mine, which produces gold, is located in Latah County, Idaho, United States. The mine is an instance of a mine.
Manfalut is a city located in the Asyut Governorate, Egypt. The main category is Manfalut.
Cypher in the Snow is a punk rock band from California, United States.
The Ted Lindsay Award, established in 2009, is a sports award for ice hockey. The award was created to replace the Lester B Pearson Award.
The Daily Dispatch is a newspaper from Henderson, North Carolina, in the United States. The newspaper is owned by the Paxton Media Group.
Moreton Bay Marine Park is a national park in Queensland, Australia. It was established in 1992.
Midrash Proverbs is a book that is based on the Book of Proverbs and is written in Hebrew.
The Qingdao Jiaozhou Bay tunnel is a road tunnel in China. It is located at Xihai'an and was opened on July 1st, 2011.
The 2012 film Chakravyuh is a Hindi film from India, starring Esha Gupta and Manoj Bajpayee.
The Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong is chaired by Starry Lee. It was founded by Jasper Tsang and its headquarters are located at King's Road, Hong Kong. The party's ideology is Chinese nationalism.
Rivercrest High School is part of the Rivercrest School District. It is located in Arkansas, United States. It is a state school.
Welikada is a settlement in Sri Lanka, located in the Colombo District. It shares a border with Rajagiriya.
The 2010 Scottish Cup Final was played at Hampden Park. Dundee United FC won the final and Ross County FC also played in the final, with Dundee United FC being the winning team.
Granada Reports, a television series, is an English language show that originated in England and was originally broadcast on ITV Granada.
The Cinaruco River is in Colombia, and its mouth is in the Orinoco River. The Amazon basin is the drainage basin of the Cinaruco River.
Paris-Dakar Rally (video game) is a multiplayer video game developed by Acclaim Studios London and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation 2.
The Tata Telcoline is a car model manufactured by Tata Motors, which is a brand of Tata Motors. It was followed by the Tata Xenon.
Blount Island is a river island located in the St. Johns River, Florida, United States.
James Emerson Tennent was the Colonial Secretary of Ceylon from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and was replaced by an unknown successor.
Jaunpils is a village in Latvia. Jaunpils is located in Jaunpils Parish. Jaunpils is the capital of Jaunpils Municipality.
James May's Cars of the People is an English TV series from the United Kingdom that is distributed by BBC Worldwide.
Myrtos is a village located in the Ierapetra Municipality, Greece, on the island of Crete.
Eyemart Express, a retail company, was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Farmers Branch, Texas.
Bobby Jindal attended the University of Oxford, which is located in Oxford, from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, and received an academic degree.
Werner von Bercken, born Werner, held the rank of Generalleutnant and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the German Cross in Gold.
Woods Bagot, founded by E.J. Woods in 1869, is an architectural firm with its headquarters in Australia.
Conduit Avenue is a thoroughfare in New York State, which is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation in the United States.
The Alliance of Women Directors is a film organization in the United States that was founded in 1997.
The director of photography for Trees Lounge is Lisa Rinzler. The film was shot in New York City and stars Seymour Cassel and Anthony LaPaglia.
The 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships includes the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (women) and the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (men). It was the sequel to the 2012 Dubai Tennis Championships and was followed by the 2014 Dubai Tennis Championships. Both the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (women) and the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships (men) are part of the 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships.
Bear Island Lake is a lake in Birch Lake, Minnesota, United States.
The Constituent National Assembly is the legislative term in South Korea, which applies to South Korea. The Constituent National Assembly is an instance of a legislative term and was followed by the 2nd Legislative Assembly.
The 2015 Charlotte mayoral election took place on November 3rd, 2015 in the United States. The election was a mayoral election for the office of the Mayor.
Mdlaw Megbi is an association football club. They participate in the Eritrean Premier League and play their home games at Cicero Stadium.
Fairlop tube station is adjacent to Hainault tube station. Hainault tube station is a connecting line to Fairlop tube station and is in the direction of Hainault tube station.
Park Ridge High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Park Ridge Public Schools.
Little Brewster Island is an island in Boston Harbor, located in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
Quadron is a Copenhagen based Indie pop rock and pop band that was formed in 2009.
Beijing Media Network, a television station, is located in the Beijing TV Centre. It was established in 1979. Beijing Media Network's main topic is Beijing Television.
The 1965 Austrian presidential election, which was a Presidential election, took place in Austria on 23 May 1965 and was won by Franz Jonas.
The Korean language film Mulberry, which was based on Na Do-hyang's work, originates from South Korea. It was produced by Lee Tae-won.
Cheng Fung is an association football club that plays in the Liga de Elite. The home ground of Cheng Fung FC is Estadio Campo Desportivo.
Transavia Corporation was a business that was founded on 1 January 1965 in the City of Parramatta. It ceased operations on 1 January 1985.
Akihiko Hirata stars in the film The H-Man which originates from Japan. The film was originally released in English and the story takes place in Tokyo.
Castellana Caves are a show cave in Castellana Grotte, Italy. They were discovered in 1938.
Cimitarra Airport is located in Santander Department, Colombia. It is an airport serving Cimitarra.
Brede House, designed by Andreas Kirkerup in the Neoclassical style, is part of the National Museum of Denmark. Brede House is a monument on the Kulturstyrelsen register.
The Demetian Mirror, written in English, was edited by Evan Watkin and published by John Cox. It was published in Aberystwyth.
Optimal Energy Joule, a business, was founded in 2004 and dissolved in 2012. Its headquarters are located in Cape Town.
Miss Earth México 2012 was the 2012 beauty pageant edition of Miss Earth México, held in Mexico.
Romelu Lukaku played in the Belgian First Division A, which started at an unknown time and ended at an unknown time, and he was a member of a sports team in the Belgian First Division A.
The Iway Bridge, which is located in Providence, Rhode Island, is in the United States and it crosses the Providence River.
TKK Fried Chicken, a food business, was founded on July 20, 1974 and is headquartered in New Taipei City.
The Bengali language film, Prem Aamar, was written by Selvaraghavan and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. It originates from India.
Pavel Torgayev played for the Calgary Flames and currently plays for HC Fribourg-Gottéron in the National Hockey League.
Win Win Tint was born in Yangon in 1975. She is a female human.
Turbo Tape Games, a video game developer, was founded in 2008 and is based in Bergen, operating within the video game industry.
Altira Macau is a hotel located in Macau, China, designed by Wong Tung & Partners.
Alice Walker received the Lillian Smith Book Award for her work at some point in time.
Buck Lodge Middle School is located in Maryland, United States. It is a middle school and part of the Prince George's County Public Schools.
The Littlest Man Band is a rock and pop band from the United States. They were formed in 2003 and have Scott Klopfenstein as one of the band's members.
The Kirondatal Gold Mine is a mine located in Tanzania that is owned by Barrick Gold and produces gold.
The film L'Autrichienne was filmed in Paris. It features Catherine Erhardy and Jean-Pol Dubois in the cast, and was designed by Jacques Saulnier.
The Tsing Shan Tsuen stop is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation and operated by MTR Corporation. It was opened on 18 September 1988 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
Fly Eye Records is a record label from the United Kingdom, founded by Calvin Harris on 01 January 2009.
Honda Cars India, a company in the automotive industry, was founded in December 1995 and is headquartered in Greater Noida.
Raaj Kamal Films International, a business founded by Kamal Haasan in 1981, is located in Chennai.
Paris Mountain is a mountain in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia, United States.
FFB Stadium is a stadium located in Belmopan, Belize. The Belize national football team is the occupant of the stadium.
Musicadium, a business in the music industry, was founded on January 1, 2006 and is headquartered in Brisbane.
Madeleine M. Joullié attended Simmons University, graduating with an academic degree in a major that is not specified.
Mont Juic is a Suite (music) composed by both Benjamin Britten and Lennox Berkeley. It was first performed on 8 January 1938.
Ben Gardane Airfield, an aerodrome, is located in Tunisia and serves Ben Gardane.
Lawrence Heights is a neighbourhood in Ontario, Canada. It shares a border with Downsview.
Ankavandra Airport, named after Ankavandra, is an airport located in Madagascar and serves Ankavandra.
Ballybofey railway station is a train station in the Republic of Ireland which was opened on 3 June 1895 and closed on 15 December 1947.
The Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute is a Category:TsAGI, specifically in the aviation industry. It was founded by Nikolay Zhukovsky (scientist) and is named after him.
The 2019 Badminton Asia Junior Championships - Girls' doubles was held at the Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre in Suzhou. It began on 20 July 2019 and ended on 28 July 2019.
Masakazu Konishi was awarded the International Prize for Biology, which he received as a citizen of Japan, in the field of biology, at some point in time.
National Highway 70 is a road in India, owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, and is part of the National Highway system in India.
Batman: Gotham County Line is a limited series of comics featuring Batman. The book was written by Steve Niles and was followed by Batman and the Monster Men.
The filming location of Wedding Daze was New York City. Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Joe Pantoliano are cast members. Fisher Stevens was the executive producer.
Boistfort Peak is a mountain in the Willapa Hills of Washington state, in the United States.
Roald Dahl wrote the short story Skin, which was published in both The New Yorker and Skin and Other Stories.
SouthWest Energy, a business in the petroleum industry, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Ethiopia.
Rama Sithanen is a member of the Militant Socialist Movement and a Hindu. He was Vice Prime Minister of Mauritius.
Deportivo Santa Cecilia is an association football club in Nicaragua, playing in the Tercera División de Nicaragua.
Warrior (miniseries) is a television series from Denmark, which was originally broadcast on TV 2 (Denmark). It was directed by Christoffer Boe.
Sportanlage an der Feldgerichtstrasse is a sports venue located in Frankfurt, Germany. The occupants of the venue are SC 1880 Frankfurt.
The Devon Sharks are a rugby league team from the United Kingdom that was founded in 2006. They are a rugby league team, not a rugby union team.
Warren Beson is an athletic director. He is the athletic director from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
Darkeden is a video game that is available for Microsoft Windows and was released on January 3, 2008. Darkeden is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
Gokujyo is a Japanese TV series in the Japanese language written by Maya Miyazaki and voiced by Satomi Akesaka.
The Sixaola River is in Costa Rica and its mouth is the Caribbean Sea.
Hollywood Boulevard, named after Hollywood, is a destination point located in Hollywood Hills West, Los Angeles, and has its terminus at Sunset Boulevard, which is a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Men of Honor, starring Joshua Leonard and Dulé Hill, was filmed in Long Beach, California. Bill Cosby was the executive producer.
Albarka Air was an airline in Nigeria that was founded in 1999 and ceased operations on April 30, 2007.
Eleanor cross is a monument in the United Kingdom which was founded by Edward I of England. The main subject of the cross is Eleanor of Castile.
Greenwell Street is located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. The street is an instance of a street and connects with Bolsover Street.
Night of the Wild is a television film directed by Eric Red and distributed by The Asylum, released on 01 October 2015.
Oasis Investment Company, a business, was founded in 1971 and is based in Dubai, and is involved in the manufacturing industry.
The tabletop role-playing game Apocalypse World was created by Vincent Baker and published by The Forge in 2010.
St. Paul's tube station is adjacent to Chancery Lane tube station. St. Paul's tube station is connected to Chancery Lane tube station. St. Paul's tube station is towards Chancery Lane tube station. St. Paul's tube station is towards Chancery Lane tube station.
Discovery High School of Newton-Conover is a high school located in North Carolina, United States. It is part of the Newton-Conover City Schools.
Waukon High School is located in Iowa, United States. It is part of the Allamakee Community School District.
Dreamland Margate is an amusement park located in Margate, United Kingdom. It has a Dreamland Cinema.
The Ba'ath Party organized the Faith campaign that began in 1993 in Iraq.
STS-135 involved the docking and berthing of a spacecraft, which started at an unspecified location and ended at an unspecified time.
Rusty Moe is a rock and pop band from Chennai which was formed in 2008. Their musical genre is rock music.
Hervé Chapelier, a retail company, was founded in 1976 and is based in Paris.
The Financial Post, a periodical literature, was founded in 1907 in Canada and is part of the journalism industry.
Demon Strings is a rock and pop band from the United Kingdom. The band was formed in 2005 and is originally from England.
The Warsaw Academy is located in New York (state), United States. It has the architectural style of Greek Revival architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Puclaro Dam, created by Embalse Puclaro, is located on the Elqui River, in Chile.
Vladimir Putin has been a participant of the World Economic Forum, which he has been involved in at various points in time.
Goliath Management, a New York City based business founded by Paul Rosenberg (music manager) in 1998, is a company.
Waheeda Rehman was awarded the Padma Shri in arts and the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award. She started her career in 1955 and was married to Shashi Rekhi.
Alexander Petrov, whose surname is Petrov, is a figure skater from Russia. He participated in the Dragon Trophy 2019 - senior men's singles.
Forkston Mountain is a mountain in the Appalachian Mountains, located in Pennsylvania, United States.
KColorEdit is a C++ program that is available as an application software. The operating system for KColorEdit is Linux and it is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Carnesville is a city located in Franklin County, Georgia, United States. Carnesville is the capital of Franklin County.
Mysteries of a Barbershop, originally in German, is a film from Germany and stars Kurt Horwitz and Blandine Ebinger.
The Eagle Mine in Michigan, United States is a mine that produces copper and is located in Michigan.
The Gazela is a museum ship located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Barings Bank is a public limited company in the finance industry founded by Sir Francis Baring, 1st Baronet. Barings Bank is located in London.
Likoma Airport is located in the Northern Region, Malawi, and serves Likoma, Malawi.
Potato waffle is a dish from the United Kingdom. It is made of potatoes. It is a type of waffle and a type of potato dish.
Gondwana Records is based in Manchester. It was founded by Matthew Halsall and has the GoGo Penguin and Portico Quartet as members.
RagWing Aircraft Designs, a business in the aerospace industry, was founded in 1987 and is based in Belton, South Carolina.
The Liverpool International Tennis Tournament, which was created in 2002, is a tennis tournament played on a grass court.
MindGym is a video game published in 1996 in the United Kingdom. It is available for Microsoft Windows.
Chryseobacterium greenlandense is a gram staining, Gram-negative bacteria. It is a species of Chryseobacterium, which is a taxon.
Massillon Washington High School is part of the Massillon City School District. It is located in Ohio, United States. It is a state school.
Kdenlive is a video editing application that is written in C++ and can run on both FreeBSD and Microsoft Windows, utilizing the Qt GUI toolkit.
Kryvyi Rih is the capital of Kryvyi Rih Raion. It was the administrative center of Kryvyi Rih Raion from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
The Welsh language TV series Fireman Sam, whose presenters include John Alderton, began on 26 December 1985 and is broadcast by S4C.
123rf, a business in the stock photography industry, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Chicago.
Malitel is a Mali-based mobile phone company that is an instance of a business and operates in the mobile phone industry. Its parent organization is Sotelma.
GMA Kapuso Foundation, founded by Mel Tiangco in 1991, is an organization based at the GMA Network Center.
Vice Squad, a German language television series, originates from Germany and was broadcast on RTL (German TV channel).
Shadows of Tombstone was directed by Bud Thackery. The film stars Julian Rivero and Richard Avonde. It was produced by Republic Pictures.
AvtoRadio is a radio station in Russia that uses the Ukrainian language. It was established on April 5, 1993.
Arq Group, a business, was founded by the University of Melbourne in 1996 and is headquartered in Melbourne.
Innospec is a business located in the United States. Innospec is based in the United States. Innospec is traded on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
The 2018 Lampung gubernatorial election took place in Indonesia in 2018. The election was a gubernatorial election where the Governor of Lampung was the contested office.
Sodom Lake is a lake located in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The Riverview Dam is a dam located in the United States. It is situated on the Chattahoochee River and is part of the ACF River Basin.
The book Introduction to the Reading of Hegel, written by Alexandre Kojève, is about Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel and comes from France.
The Heyworth Building is an architectural structure located in Illinois, United States, designed by D.H. Burnham & Company.
The Red River, a river in the United States, flows into the Cumberland River. The Cumberland River basin is the drainage basin of the Red River.
Giovanni Pietro de Bono is a Diocesan bishop of the Catholic Church. His given name is Giovanni (name). He belongs to the Dominican Order.
Ron Rivest received the Turing Award.
Lesnoy Gorodok is a human settlement in Russia, located in Lesnoy Gorodok urban settlement, which is also the capital of Lesnoy Gorodok urban settlement.
Zumba Dance Fitness Party is a Hindi television series from India that is distributed by The Times Group.
Highland Park High School is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The school is part of the Saint Paul Public Schools.
The Luxgen U7 is a sport utility vehicle, a car model made by Luxgen. It is powered by a petrol engine.
The Mitteldeutsche Zeitung is a daily newspaper and a periodical literature that was created in 1946. It is edited by Alfred Neven DuMont.
Joan Sebastian received the Latin Grammy Award for Best Banda Album for his work at some point in time.
Bateman Park is a sports venue located in British Columbia, Canada. The University of the Fraser Valley is the occupant of the park.
Carl Schotten is a human being. His given name is Carl. He was educated at Leipzig University and his doctoral advisor was Ferdinand Tiemann.
Columbian High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States. It is part of the Tiffin City School District.
Mohamed Amin Didi was the President of the Maldives. He started being the President of the Maldives and ended being the President of the Maldives. He was replaced by someone else.
Michel Friedman received a Doctor of Philosophy degree. He was educated at the doctoral program and had a doctoral advisor. The date of his Doctor of Philosophy is not specified.
Perry Park is a stadium located in Queensland, Australia. The Brisbane Strikers FC are the occupants of the stadium.
Sheila Birtles is a female character in the TV series Coronation Street. Her given name is Sheila.
Petteri Taalas studied at the University of Helsinki, where he was the main subject, at a certain point in time, and earned an academic degree.
Cockspur Island is located in the Fort Pulaski National Monument in Georgia, United States.
Sweden's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 was an instance of Sweden's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest, which took place in Sweden in 2015.
The Park Dinor, a diner located in the United States, was designed by Silk City Diners. It is a historic diner listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Turi Pandolfini and Luigi Pavese are both cast members in the film Legs of Gold, which was filmed in Apulia. The production designer for Legs of Gold was Piero Filippone.
Newton-Conover High School is located in North Carolina, United States. It is part of the Newton-Conover City Schools.
Xiangyun Airport is located in Xiangyun County, China. It is an airport in China, serving China.
Laaksonen, or Laaksonen (written in Latin script), is a Finnish language surname.
Talfaza Jaya, an Arabic film from Tunisia, stars Jamel Sassi and Hichem Rostom.
Son Tae-jin, who was educated at Dankook University, was a Taekwondo competitor at the 2008 Summer Olympics. His sport is Taekwondo. He is a human being.
The John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge is a Bridge located in New Jersey, United States and it crosses the Raritan River.
The James Gamble House is a house located in the United States and has the architectural style of Renaissance Revival architecture. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bates Island, in the United States, is in Worcester County, Massachusetts, and is located in or next to Lake Chaubunagungamaug.
Bo Jackson Baseball, designed by Scott Orr, is a multiplayer video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System and DOS.
Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States. It is classified as a Habitat/Species Management Area under the IUCN category IV.
Thomas Habinek graduated from Princeton University with an academic degree in a major that is not specified.
Suzuki Cervo is a car model manufactured by Suzuki and is a follow up to the Suzuki Fronte.
Upper Harker Lake is a lake located in Kidder County, North Dakota, United States.
Cabo Rojo Airport is located in Pedernales, Dominican Republic. It is an airport serving Pedernales, Dominican Republic, which is in the Dominican Republic.
Parivartana is a film from India, originally shown in the Telugu language, starring Ramana Reddy and Chadalavada Kutumba Rao.
Ranchview High School is located in Irving, Texas, United States. It is part of the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District. Ranchview High School is an instance of a High school ( North America ).
IP Systems, a business in the energy industry, was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Budapest.
The Horns of Elfland is written in English and was edited by Delia Sherman and Ellen Kushner. It is published by Roc Books.
Wailoa River State Recreation Area is a landform located on the island of Hawaii in the state of Hawaii, United States.
The Sweden Super League is a sports league in Sweden that was established in 2010 and competes in the sport of Rugby league.
The Miner River is a river in the Tasman District, New Zealand. It flows into the Roding River.
Sneaker is a rock and pop band from Los Angeles, United States, and their genre is pop rock.
The Michigan Every Three Weekly is a newspaper from the United States, published in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Salammbo: Battle for Carthage, which is based on Salammbô and inspired by Salammbô, is a single-player video game developed by Cryo Interactive.
Pelagos is a village located in the Peloponnese, in the Tripoli Municipality, Greece.
Bruce Chizen was the Chief Executive Officer of Adobe Inc. from 2000 to 2007.
David Cahill directed the TV episode \"Thunder on Sycamore Street\" which was first broadcast on 23 July 1960 in English.
Beaufort railway station in Victoria, owned by VicTrack, opened on 11 August 1874. The station was closed on 27 May 1994 and the adjacent Wendouree railway station is also located there.
TRT Türk is a journalistic company in Turkey. TRT Türk headquarters are located in Ankara and the parent organization is Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.
The Smith River National Recreation Area is located in California, United States. It is a National Recreation Area, categorized as a Protected Landscape/Seascape by IUCN.
Sergei Gunko was born in Samara, which is located in an administrative territorial entity, in an administrative territorial entity, in Russia.
MJ Gleeson, a business established in 1903, is based in Fleet, Hampshire. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
The Sisters is a painting created by James Collinson in 1860, made of canvas.
The Manawatu rugby league team was founded on 01 January 1957. They are from New Zealand. They are a rugby league team and compete in the sport of rugby league.
RCN Radio is a radio network in Colombia which was founded in 1949. French is the language used in RCN Radio.
Gunsight Lake is a glacial lake located in Idaho, United States.
South End Press, founded by Lydia Sargent and Juliet Schor, is located in Boston and is named after South End, Boston.
Shagird (2011 film) is an action thriller from India. It was originally in Hindi and distributed by Reliance Entertainment.
The International MXT-MV was designed by Navistar International in the United States. It entered service in 2006.
Yiynova is a publicly traded company founded in 2008 and headquartered in Taipei.
National Spot Exchange, a business, was founded in 2005 and is based in Mumbai, operating in the service industry.
Karla Rothstein graduated from the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation. She studied there until the end time and her academic major was there, resulting in an academic degree.
Automatix, a business founded by Victor Scheinman, is located in Billerica, Massachusetts and was established in January 1980.
Northeastern High School is part of the Northeastern York School District. It is located in Manchester, Pennsylvania, United States. Northeastern High School is a high school.
Tuesday Morning, a business founded in 1974, is based in Dallas. The company is traded on the Nasdaq.
Saint Wenna was a Celtic Briton who spoke Cornish and a Welsh person who spoke Welsh.
The Fourposter is a play written by Jan de Hartog. It was first performed on 24 October 1951 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.
Newman and Baddiel in Pieces is a television series from the United Kingdom. It is a television comedy that originally aired on BBC Two.
Flea Market Music is a company that was founded in 1992. It is a company in the publishing industry.
Francofonia is a French language film from the Netherlands. The director of photography is Bruno Delbonnel.
Nuremberg North is a federal electoral district in Bavaria, Germany. Sebastian Brehm was the successful candidate.
The Honda CBX550F is powered by a four-stroke engine. It is a motorcycle model made by Honda and part of the Honda CB series.
The 2006 Dubai Tennis Championships were tennis tournaments. It was preceded by the 2005 Dubai Tennis Championships, followed by the 2007 Dubai Tennis Championships. The Dubai Tennis Championships included the 2006 Dubai ATP tournament.
The People for Successful Corean Reunification is an organization from North Korea with headquarters in Seoul. The organization is focused on Korean reunification.
The 1980 Ottawa municipal election took place in 1980 in Canada. The election was for the Member of Ottawa City Council.
The Borghese Collection was founded by Scipione Borghese. It is part of Galleria Borghese and is part of the Louvre. Its main category is Galleria Borghese.
Sondika is a municipality in Spain, located in the Greater Bilbao area. It is a municipality in Spain and shares a border with Zamudio.
Goguac Lake is located in Calhoun County, Michigan, United States.
The Empress of Blandings is a fictional pig that was created by P.G. Wodehouse. Lord Emsworth owns the Empress of Blandings. The Empress is a female pig.
Neo is an international auxiliary language created by Arturo Alfandari in 1961.
Azza Transport is an airline based in Sudan. It was founded in 1993 and its hub airport is Khartoum International Airport.
Guido Maria Casullo was a territorial prelate, starting at an unknown time, until an unknown time, serving in a diocese.
The Jackson Lake Lodge is a National Historic Landmark, a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and has the rustic style of architecture. It is located in Grand Teton National Park.
Banca Carim was formed in Rimini. It is a financial services company. Its legal form is Società per azioni. Its parent organization is Crédit Agricole Italia.
The Taganrog Palace of Youth is a tourist attraction in Taganrog, Russia, with a Constructivist architectural style.
Vittorio Mezzogiorno stars in the Italian language film Stunt Squad. The film is from Italy and is set in Emilia-Romagna.
The Bellarmine Knights represent Bellarmine University and are a university and college sports club from the United States, categorized under Category:Bellarmine Knights.
Brighto Paints, a privately held company, was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Lahore.
The Italian Hockey League was established in 1935. It is based in Italy and the main sport played in the league is ice hockey. The league's season starts in September.
The Tula de Allende Cathedral is located in Tula de Allende, Mexico. It is a cathedral and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tula.
Elektroprivreda HZ HB was founded on 28 August 1992 and is a public company located in Mostar.
The Ninja Warriors ( 1994 video game ) is a single-player video game developed by Natsume and published by Taito. It is available for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
The Georgia State Panthers football team, which plays American football, is the occupant of the Georgia State Stadium. The stadium was opened on 18 August 2017, replacing Turner Field.
The Odelouca River is a river in the Faro District, Portugal. It flows into the Arade River.
The Prince Ali Stadium in Jordan is used for association football and is occupied by Mansheyat Bani Hasan.
Governador Island is an island in Brazil, located in the administrative territorial entity Ilha do Governador, and is situated in or next to Guanabara Bay.
The Pratt & Whitney Canada PW100 is a turboprop aircraft engine. It is manufactured by Pratt & Whitney Canada.
Lewis Leathers is a business that was founded on 01 January 1892 and is located in London, with its headquarters also in London.
Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs is a basketball game published and developed by Electronic Arts. It is part of the NBA Live video game series.
The 1872 Danish Folketing election was held on September 20th, 1872. The election was held in Denmark to elect members of the Folketing.
Monroe Area High School is located in Georgia, United States. It is part of the Walton County School District.
Holy Name Cathedral is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville, Ohio, United States.
The municipal flag of Buenos Aires, which is a flag from Argentina, was created on 28 September 1995 and applies to the jurisdiction of Buenos Aires.
The Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences is a learned society in the field of humanities located in Ottawa, Canada.
Homi K. Bhabha, who is married to Jacqueline Bhabha, is influenced by Frantz Fanon. He speaks English and works at Harvard University.
The bronze sculpture Bison was created by Rudolf Siemering in 1902 and depicts a bison.
Come Back, Little Sheba is a play written by William Inge, that is a type of Play (theatre) and is set in the United States. It was first performed at the Westport Country Playhouse.
The 2018 Euroformula Open Championship is an auto racing event. It involves auto racing as a sports discipline competed in, and has start and end times.
Jackson Creek, located in Ontario, Canada, flows into Lake Ontario.
Miley Cyrus, who speaks English, is influenced by Dolly Parton and plays the electric guitar. She also has a sibling named Brandi Cyrus.
The Coldest Winter Ever is written in English, published by Pocket Books, and is set in New York City. The book was followed by Midnight and the Meaning of Love.
The Ford Torino Talladega is a car model manufactured by Ford Motor Company. It is named after the Talladega Superspeedway.
Kamaran is an island located in the Red Sea, in the Kamaran District of Yemen.
The NRC School, established in 1950, is a University in India and is affiliated with the Secondary School Certificate.
Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp was the Prime Minister of Sweden from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
Saint Edward State Park is located in Kenmore, Washington, United States. The St. Edward Seminary is part of the park. The park is a Washington state park.
The Bees is a science fiction film and a horror film distributed by New World Pictures. It was originally broadcast in English.
Amalgamated Dynamics, a company founded by Tom Woodruff Jr. in 1988, is a business based in Los Angeles.
Ace Metrix, a company, was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.
Bossangoa is a city located in Ouham, Central African Republic. Bossangoa is the capital of Ouham.
Packet Design, a United States based business founded in 2003, produces networking hardware.
The Kinsale Sevens, a rugby union sports league, was founded in 1998 and is a rugby union sports league.
The Arizona Cardinals and the Arizona State Sun Devils football team are the occupants of Sun Devil Stadium, which was designed by Edward L. Varney Associates. The stadium is used for American football.
Lake Tairutu is a lake located in the Northland Region, New Zealand.
Qingdao University Gymnasium is an arena located in Qingdao, China. The Qingdao Eagles are the occupants of the arena.
Eston Kohver, a human, has the family name Kohver and the given name Eston, and was in Lefortovo Prison.
Gnangara Road is a road in Australia. Specifically, it is located in Western Australia.
Trees and Undergrowth is a series of landscape paintings created by Vincent van Gogh. The final assembly of the series was in Paris.
Smixi is a human settlement located in the Grevena Municipality, Greece, situated in Western Macedonia.
Sergio D'Offizi was the director of photography for Light Blast. The film originates from Italy and is from the United States. The language of the film is Italian.
Slender Rising 2 is a single-player video game, a type of video game, released on January 16, 2014, for the iOS platform.
Celtix is free software that is written in Java and is available on Java virtual machine. It is released under the Eclipse Public License.
Suminter India Organics is a privately held company founded in 2003 and headquartered in Mumbai.
Odense Sports Park is a sports venue located in Odense, Denmark. It includes the Odense Isstadion.
Metro City Bank, which is a bank, was founded on January 1, 2014, in the United States and is part of the finance industry.
PC Building Simulator is a video game for Microsoft Windows, distributed via GOG.com. It is a Simulation video game.
SpeedWeed is a company founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Los Angeles.
The Slana River is a river in Alaska, United States. It flows into the Copper River.
George Woodcock is a human who received the Guggenheim Fellowship. He speaks English, which is also his native language.
The Mascarene crow is a species endemic to the Mascarene Islands and is a Vulnerable species. Its parent taxon is Euploea.
Sharif Bey was born in Pittsburgh in 1974. He is a male human.
The Little River, a river in Maine, United States, flows into the Merrimack River.
The Ohikanui River is a river located in the West Coast of New Zealand. It flows into the Buller River.
The Grand Enchantment Trail is a hiking trail in the United States that offers a view on the Sonoran Desert. It has its terminus in Phoenix, Arizona.
Molasses is a comedy film from Egypt. The film is set in Egypt and originally shown in Arabic.
The Wyoming Department of Transportation is the maintainer of Interstate 80 in Wyoming. The highway is part of the state highways in Wyoming and has a terminus at U.S. Route 189. Additionally, it also has a terminus at Interstate 80 in Nebraska.
Idea Jalsa, a Television show, originates from India and was originally broadcast in Hindi on Zee TV.
The White Sewing Machine Company, founded by Thomas White, produces home appliances and sewing machines. The company is a subsidiary of Electrolux.
Dubai Airports Company, a business, was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Dubai, operating in the fixed-base operator industry.
The Intelsat VA F-12, a communications satellite, was launched on 28 September 1985. The launch of Intelsat VA F-12 was a significant event.
Conestoga Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania is a township in the United States. It is located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and is situated next to Pequea Creek.
Dutton Cars, a car manufacturer, was founded in 1969 and is based in Littlehampton, operating in the automotive industry.
The Portrait of Charles V with a Dog depicts Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, and a Dogo. The work is a self-contained entity that includes itself.
Joseph Maguire attended Manhattan College from an unknown start time to an unknown end time, earning an academic degree.
The 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships consisted of the 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships (men) and the 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships (women). It was the sequel to the 2015 Dubai Tennis Championships and was followed by the 2017 Dubai Tennis Championships.
Descriptive Catalogue (1809) is a book written by William Blake, published in 1809. It is now in the public domain.
Pauline Hoarau is a New York City resident whose given name is Pauline. She is a human being.
Parkdean Resorts is owned by Onex Corporation. The company was founded in 2015 and is in the tourism industry.
WWJZ is a radio station in New Jersey, United States, licensed to broadcast to Mount Holly, New Jersey.
Richwood High School is in the Ouachita Parish School Board. It is located in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
KUBC is a radio station in Montrose, Colorado, United States.
Group Nine Media, a company, was founded on January 1, 2016, and is headquartered in New York City.
Garuda di Dadaku is a film in the Indonesian language from Indonesia. The main subject of the film is Association football. The film was edited by Cesa David Luckmansyah.
The Graceland Cemetery Chapel is a cemetery chapel in Avoca, Iowa, United States, and it is in the Gothic style.
Janq'u Qullu is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It is located in the La Paz Department.
Stavanger RK is a sports club in Norway that was established in 1978 and competes in rugby union.
Brigadier Ambrose is a rock and pop band from Chatham, Kent which was formed in 2006. Their musical genre is alternative rock.
Sucuri, a company founded by Daniel B. Cid in 2010, is a business based in Menifee, California.
Lucille Hutton was born in Indiana. She is a woman and a human.
Schola Antiqua, Madrid is a rock and pop band from Spain. They were founded in 1984 by Laurentino Sáenz de Buruaga.
The MacArthur Causeway is a bridge in the United States that crosses Biscayne Bay and is maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation.
Andrei Sergeyev was born in Simferopol, which is located in an administrative territorial entity, also located in an administrative territorial entity, and is a part of a country.
The Bisnovat SK-1, a subclass of Aircraft, is from the Soviet Union and was made by Matus Bisnovat. It was first flown on 00 January 1939.
Lake Letas is a lake in Vanuatu, it is a lake, and it is a Tentative World Heritage Site.
The Lock Up (company) is a business that was founded in 1976. It is a company based in Northfield, Illinois, and was originally formed in Northbrook, Illinois.
Granger High School is located in Granger, Texas, United States. It is part of the Granger Independent School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Brentford Dock is a marina located in Brentford, in the United Kingdom, next to the River Thames.
The Stoa of Eumenes is a cultural landmark from Ancient Greece. It is named after Eumenes II. The Stoa of Eumenes is a Hellenistic architecture building and it is a listed archaeological site in Greece.
Hindle Wakes is a play by Stanley Houghton, that originates in the United Kingdom. The play is set in Lancashire.
Veeraana is a 2010 film from the Maldives directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu.
Barbara Asher Ayisi was a head teacher, specifically in a field of work, from an unknown start time until an unknown end time.
You Should Be So Lucky, a BBC television show, began on 19 February 1986 and ended on 11 February 1987.
Enfidaville Airfield is located in Enfidha, Tunisia. The airfield was established in 1943.
Dalzavod, an enterprise, was founded in 2011 and is located on Svetlanskaya Street, involved in the shipbuilding industry.
Groovesect is a rock and pop band from the United States, which was founded in 2006. The band is from New Orleans.
Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop is a Television show from India. It is a Hindi TV show that is distributed by Viacom 18.
Thiene Cathedral is located in Thiene, Italy. It is a church building and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Padua.
The Freedom of the Press Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded by Rainey Reitman in the United States on 17 December 2012.
Wine to Water, a business founded by Doc Hendley in 2003, is located in Boone, North Carolina.
Mount Rodica is a mountain in the Julian Alps, located in Slovenia.
Papa Grows Funk is a rock and pop band from the United States. The band's musical genre is funk and its member is Russell Batiste Jr.
The DeSoto Diplomat is a car model from the United States that was manufactured by the DeSoto Co.
The Setting Net Lake mine, located in Ontario, Canada, is a mine that produces molybdenum.
The Old City Hall in Philadelphia is a museum located in Pennsylvania, United States. It was designed by William Strickland.
The Wallaby Team of the Decade is a nation at a sport competition, from Australia, that competes in the sport of Rugby union and specifically in Rugby union.
Jianggan District is a district in China. It is located in Hangzhou. Sijiqing, Hangzhou is also located in Jianggan District.
Spartakus and the Sun Beneath the Sea is an animated series from France, originally broadcast on France 2, created by Nina Wolmark.
The Morell River, in the Republic of Ireland, flows into the Irish Sea. Its tributary is the Painestown River.
White Irish Drinkers was filmed in New York City. The film is from the United States and is set in Brooklyn. Geoffrey Wigdor stars in the film.
Abdelouahed Souhail graduated from the University of Hassan II Casablanca with an academic degree. He attended the University of Hassan II Casablanca until a certain point in time, and his academic major was at the University of Hassan II Casablanca.
La Quinta Inns & Suites, a business in the hotel industry, was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.
The Bad Kids is a film from the United States, produced by Keith Fulton, in the English language, directed by Louis Pepe.
Boing Boing is a group blog founded by Mark Frauenfelder in the United States in 1995.
The Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge, maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, carries Interstate 93 and crosses the Charles River. It was officially opened on December 20th, 2003.
Eric D. Walrond, who is of Afro-Guyanese ethnicity, received the William E. Harmon Foundation Award for Distinguished Achievement Among Negroes. His given name is Eric, and he was buried at Abney Park Cemetery.
Costanzo I Sforza was married to Camilla Marzano d'Aragona. He is the father of Giovanni Sforza and is a member of the House of Sforza. He speaks the Italian language.
Dancing Trees originates from Canada, is made in English and starred Brooke Burns. The film is also in English.
Dunkin' Donuts is a gastronomy industry company founded by William Rosenberg and whose parent organization is Dunkin' Brands. Dunkin' Donuts is publicly traded on Nasdaq.
WPCL is a radio station in Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania, United States.
My Friend Lefterakis, from Greece, stars Nikitas Platis and Katerina Yioulaki. The film was directed by Nikos Dimopoulos.
The Winning Way, a book by Harsha Bhogle, is about Cricket and was published on 01 January 2011.
The Journal of Ethnobiology is a periodical literature which was established in January 1981. It is written in English and published in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Meigs High School is a state school located in Pomeroy, Ohio, United States and is part of the Meigs Local School District.
The Bonnie Castle Recreation Center is a sports venue in New York, United States. The Watertown Wolves are the occupants of the Bonnie Castle Recreation Center.
Lester Wire, born in Salt Lake City, was a human. He was given the name Lester and is buried in Salt Lake City Cemetery.
Lake Poukawa is a lake in Hawke's Bay Region, New Zealand.
Udine Castle in Udine, Italy, is an art museum in the Renaissance style.
Midnight Peacocks are a rock and pop band from Tel Aviv that was formed in 2004. Their musical genre is alternative metal.
Manresa Road is located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, United Kingdom. The street is a street and connects to King's Road.
Seizin Press, a publisher, was founded by Laura Riding in Spain in 1927.
The Gulfstream G550 is an executive transport aircraft model made by Gulfstream Aerospace. It is a subclass of the Gulfstream G500/G550 family.
Christiane Amanpour graduated from the University of Rhode Island with a degree in an unspecified academic major.
The National Newark Building is a skyscraper in the United States, designed by John H. & Wilson C. Ely and was completed in 1931.
Oleksandr Svystunov was born in Yalta, Ukraine.
Karuzi is a human settlement in Burundi, located in Karuzi Province, which is the capital of Karuzi Province.
Tai Tong Road stop, which is owned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, was opened on 18 September 1988 and is operated by MTR Corporation. It is connected to the Light Rail Route 610.
RT Aerostats Systems, a business in the aerospace industry, was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Yavne.
Cape Coral High School is part of the School District of Lee County in Florida, United States. It is located in Florida, United States. Cape Coral High School is a high school in North America.
Agordat Airport, named after Agordat, is an airstrip located in Eritrea and serves the transport hub of Agordat.
The BSAT-2c, a communications satellite, was launched on 11 June 2003 using the Ariane 5 rocket, which is a significant event.
Troy Peak is a mountain in the Grant Range in Nevada, United States.
Wood Lane tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station and is connected to it via a line. Wood Lane tube station is connected to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station via a line. Wood Lane tube station is located towards Shepherd's Bush Market tube station.
Ciao, Professore! was filmed in Apulia. The film was produced by Vittorio Cecchi Gori and Ciro Ippolito. The original Italian language is spoken in the film.
The Night That Panicked America was originally shown on American Broadcasting Company. It was distributed by Paramount Television. It originated in the United States and was shown in English.
The 1996 Coupe de la Ligue Final was played at the Parc des Princes. FC Metz, who played against Olympique Lyonnais, won the final.
Queenscliff Low Light is a lighthouse located in Victoria, Australia. It was erected in 1863.
Beta News Agency, a news agency, was founded on 01 January 1992 in Serbia and is part of the news media industry.
The Madonna dell'Udienza is a 1515 marble sculpture created by Antonello Gagini.
The British Weights and Measures Association, founded in 1995, is an advocacy group for Metrication in the United Kingdom.
Dean Koontz, a student at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, is a human being described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
The Freedom Quilting Bee is a United States based collective that was founded by Lucy Mingo. It is different from Quilts of Gee's Bend.
The Lost House is a silent film from the United States. It was distributed by Mutual Film and is in the public domain.
The Streymin Bridge, in the Faroe Islands, crosses the Sundini river and was opened on 30 October 1973.
Portland Energy Conservation, a business, was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Portland, Oregon, also founded in Portland, Oregon.
Rushland station, a train station in the United States, was opened in 1891 and closed in 1952.
Ghatal Rabindra Satabarsiki Mahavidyalaya in India is affiliated with Vidyasagar University. The school was established in 1961.
MarVista Entertainment is the production company of Love Always, Santa, which originates from the United States. The original language of the film is English and it was distributed by Hallmark Movies & Mysteries.
Poonch is a human settlement in India, located in Poonch district, India. Poonch is the capital of Poonch district.
RSRCHXchange is a company that was founded in 2014 and is a company in the financial technology industry.
The 1976 All England Open Badminton Championships took place in London at the Wembley Arena from 24 March 1976 to 28 March 1976.
Sergey Kiriyenko is the head of government of Russia, starting from an unknown time and is a member of a political party, with no end time specified.
Redneck Zombies is a comedy horror and science fiction film in the English language, produced by Troma Entertainment.
The 1991 Football League Cup Final was played at Wembley Stadium (1923). Sheffield Wednesday FC won the final and Manchester United FC also played in the final.
The New England Wild Flower Society is a nonprofit organization with the legal form of a Voluntary Association located in Framingham, Massachusetts, United States.
The Greek language is the original language of the film Stratos, which was produced by Christos V. Konstantakopoulos and stars Vangelis Mourikis. Stratos originates from Greece.
The Ramsauer Ache is a river in Bavaria, Germany. Its tributary is the Bischofswieser Ache.
Hung Shing Yeh Beach is a beach located on Lamma Island in Hong Kong, China.
North Bergen High School is located in New Jersey, United States. It is a high school and part of the North Bergen School District.
The Sam Shing stop, which is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, is connected to the MTR Light Rail Route 505 and was opened on 02 February 1992.
London Griffins are a rugby league team from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 2005. They compete in Rugby union.
Onda Latina is a television channel in Italian that was created in 2009. It is owned by the Gruppo Editoriale GEDI.
The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was part of the Year-End Championships and was organized by the Women's Tennis Association. The event was held in Nusa Dua.
The film Sugar Daddies, starring Noah Young and Edna Marion, was edited by Richard C Currier. The director of photography was George Stevens.
John Mearsheimer holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree from a location, advised by a doctoral advisor at a point in time.
50 Kennedy Plaza is a skyscraper in the United States, designed by HOK (firm) and completed in 1985.
Gravine Island is a river island located in the Tensaw River, in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
The Idaho House of Representatives, which is located in Boise, Idaho, United States, is a part of the lower house of the U.S. state legislature and is composed of a member of the Idaho House of Representatives.
Qazakh City Stadium is a stadium in Qazax, Azerbaijan. The occupants of the stadium are Göyazan Qazakh FK.
O du eselhafter Peierl is a musical composition written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, published on 01 January 1788, in F major.
The non-departmental public body Cadw was established in 1984 in Wales, United Kingdom.
Fidelity and Deposit Company, a trust company, was founded by Edwin Warfield in Baltimore in 1890.
Mind Field is a series presented by Michael Stevens (educator), created by Michael Stevens (educator), and produced by The Intellectual Property Corporation, which uses the English language.
MTH Electric Trains is a business that was founded in Columbia, Maryland in 1980 and is also located in Columbia, Maryland.
Villa General Roca is a municipality and a locality in Argentina. It is the capital of Belgrano Department, San Luis.
Johnsonburg Area High School is a high school located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Johnsonburg Area School District.
The main topic of Wildgall is the mountain Wildgall which is part of the Rieserferner Group in Italy.
The Sikorsky S-42 is a US flying boat, designed by Igor Sikorsky. It was manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft.
Halat Nuaim is a human settlement in the Persian Gulf, part of Bahrain.
Vista High School is located in Lynwood, California, United States. It is part of the Lynwood Unified School District and is a state school.
Hadley Bay is a waterway in Canada, located in the administrative territory of Nunavut. It is a tributary of the Nanook River.
Pawtuckaway State Park is a New Hampshire state park in the United States, located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire. It is categorized as a protected landscape/seascape by IUCN.
Ludwig van Beethoven wrote String Quartet No. 6, a composition for string quartet, in B-flat major, published in 1801.
Battambang Cathedral is a cathedral located in Battambang, Cambodia. It is a significant event that it was demolished.
Netpulse is a business founded by Tom Proulx in the United States in 2001.
The Children of Maria Morales, from Mexico, is based on the Spanish language. Its director of photography is Ignacio Torres, and its cast includes Pedro Infante.
The Clark-Blackwell House is a Victorian style single-family detached home located in Muscatine, Iowa, United States.
The English language is spoken in Cooked ( TV series )'s original form. The series, which is based on Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation, began airing on 19 February 2016.
Fort McMurray International Airport is located in the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo, Alberta, Canada. It serves the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo.
Sony Professional Solutions is a company founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Basingstoke.
Vladimir Burtsev was born in Ufa. Ufa is located in the administrative territorial entity. Ufa is located in the administrative territorial entity. Ufa is a country.
Transoxiana is a Historical region and a Region, part of Central Asia, as described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Tigermilk (musical project) is an experimental music band from Santiago that was formed in 2006.
South Delhi (Lok Sabha constituency) is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Delhi, India. Its chairperson is Ramesh Kumar (politician).
Milaca is a city in the United States, located in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota. Milaca is the capital of Mille Lacs County.
A Christmas Horror Story is a Christmas film from Canada. It was distributed by RLJE Films and the original language of the film is English.
Tumhari Amrita is a play written by Javed Siddiqui. It is a play (theatre) that was first performed in 1992 at the Prithvi Theatre.
Graham High School is in the Alamance-Burlington School System. It is located in North Carolina, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
DarXabre, a business in the video game industry, was founded in 2001 and is based in the Netherlands.
Popatopolis is a film from the United States, starring Jim Wynorski and Monique Parent, and was originally shown in English.
Quemchi Airport, which is named after Quemchi, is an airport located in Chile and serves Quemchi.
Sundaram (theatre group) is a theatrical troupe from India founded by Manoj Mitra and based in Kolkata.
The Krestovka river is a tributary of the Middle Nevka River, which is a river located in Russia and flows into Neva Bay.
National Highway 333A is a road in India, owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, which is part of the National Highway system in India.
The 2020 Ethiopian general election was held in Ethiopia on May 2020. The election was held in Ethiopia where the Prime Minister of Ethiopia was the contested office.
The New South Wales X200 class is a diesel-mechanical locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways and has a standard gauge railway.
The Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge was designed by Santiago Calatrava and was inaugurated in 2012. It is named after Margaret Hunt Hill.
Founded in 1973, Deckers Outdoor Corporation is a joint-stock company. Its stock is traded on Nasdaq and a subsidiary is Hoka One One.
Deoghar Airport is located in Jharkhand, India. It serves Deoghar, India.
Raleigh is a town in the United States, located in Smith County, Mississippi. Raleigh is the capital of Smith County, Mississippi.
NEMO Equipment, a business founded in 2002, is based in Dover, New Hampshire, and produces sports equipment.
The Hualapai Mountains are located in the United States in the Arizona Territory. The highest point of the Hualapai Mountains is Hualapai Peak.
Instiki is a wiki software written in Ruby and licensed under the GNU General Public License. Instiki is available for the Ruby on Rails platform.
Laolong is a town in China, located in Longchuan County, Guangdong. Laolong is the capital of Longchuan County.
The Pro is a limited series of comics written by Garth Ennis and published in 2002. It was colored by Paul Mounts.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is a higher education institution located in Swiss Cottage, and it was founded by Elsie Fogerty. It is part of the University of London.
The Return of Count Yorga is from the United States, and was originally shown in English. It was directed by Bill Butler and starred Roger Perry.
Valerian Albanov was born in Ufa. Ufa is located in the administrative territorial entity. Ufa is located in the administrative territorial entity. Ufa is located in Russia.
County Route 526 ( New Jersey ) is a road in the United States, located in New Jersey and part of the County routes in New Jersey.
The 20th Lambda Literary Awards is an award, an award ceremony, and a facet of the Lambda Literary Award, published in 2008.
Deutsch Group, a business in the arms industry, was founded in 1938 and is headquartered in New York.
Big Yellow Group, a business, was founded in 1998. The company is based in Bagshot and is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Shaquem Griffin received the NCAA Inspiration Award, which follows and is related to a point in time, and was awarded together with someone else.
Deputatsky Airport is located in Deputatsky, Yakutia, Russia. It is an airport serving Deputatsky.
The film She's Gotta Have It is set in Brooklyn. The film's director of photography is Ernest Dickerson and the film was edited by Spike Lee. The production designer for the film is Wynn Thomas.
Weston-McEwen High School is located in Oregon, United States. It is part of the Athena Weston School District.
Yichun District, which is located in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China, contains Dongsheng Subdistrict, Yichun District. It is a district in China.
The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series - Mixed Doubles began on 20 November 2012 and is held in Hong Kong at the Hong Kong Coliseum.
The Big Chapel is a book written by Thomas Kilroy, published in 1971, that tells the story of the Republic of Ireland.
A Class Act, a musical theatre, is about Michael Bennett. It was written by Edward Kleban, the composer, and the lyrics are by Edward Kleban.
Vilakku Vacha Nerathula is a television series from Tamil Nadu. It was directed by C. Ranganathan and written by K. Bhagyaraj.
Umpire High School is a state school located in Arkansas, United States. It is part of the Cossatot River School District.
Woodville High School is located in Woodville, Texas, United States. The school is part of the Woodville Independent School District.
MIC, a business, was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Moscow, and is involved in real estate development.
Simon of the Desert, from Mexico, was awarded the Grand Jury Prize (Venice Film Festival). The film's director was Gabriel Figueroa and the editor was Carlos Savage.
Digi TV, a business in the telecommunications industry, was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Bucharest.
The 1912 United States presidential election in Ohio took place in the United States. The election was an instance of a Presidential election. The election was held in 1912. The President of the United States was the office contested in the election.
Gomosto is a human settlement in the Peloponnese, located in West Achaea, Greece.
The University Park Campus School is a high school in the United States that was established in 1997. The school is part of the Worcester Public Schools district.
Pioneer Kitchenware, a business in the manufacturing industry, was founded on July 11, 1957 and is headquartered in Tema.
Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation is a business in the field of e-learning that was founded in 2001. The headquarters of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation is in Pune.
G. David Tilman received the Balzan Prize, which is awarded to a citizen of the country in the field of work at a specific point in time.
Malesia consists of the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago, and is a country that includes Malaysia and East Timor.
Busselton Margaret River Airport is located in Western Australia, Australia. It serves Busselton.
The film Love Now, Pay Later, starring Harry Hardt and Edith Schultze-Westrum, was directed by Georg Krause and edited by Herbert Taschner.
Lake Elmo is a lake in Washington County, Minnesota, in the United States. The lake is located within Lake Elmo Regional Park.
Canoe Lake is a lake in Ontario, Canada.
UFC 98, a mixed martial arts sporting event, is an instance of a sporting event that was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Otjiwarongo Airport, which is named after Otjiwarongo, is an airport located in Namibia. It serves the transport hub of Otjiwarongo.
Explocity, a company founded by Ramjee Chandran in 1989, is a business based in Bangalore.
Fuze (company) is a privately held company founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Boston.
The Klotsche Center, constructed in 1977, is a multi-purpose hall in the United States. The current occupant is the Milwaukee Panthers.
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is a business in the financial services industry located in San Diego, USA.
The Whitgift Foundation is a non-profit foundation in the United Kingdom, founded by John Whitgift.
Paradise Cafe is a TV series from the U.K., broadcast on the CBBC TV channel. It was directed by Danny Mulheron.
River Valley High School is located in Ohio, United States. It is part of the Gallia County Local School District.
Claudia Mo is a citizen of British Hong Kong. However, the start and end time of her citizenship is unknown, and it is also unclear what caused the end of her citizenship.
The List of Gwar members is a Wikimedia list article about the members of the band Gwar, which is from the United States. The list includes Michael Bishop, the bassist.
The Raccoons is from the United Kingdom. The Raccoons is in the English language and originally in the English language. The creator of The Raccoons is Kevin Gillis.
The 1957 Romanian legislative election was held on February 3rd, 1957 in Romania. The election was an instance of the Romanian legislative election where the member of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania was the contested office.
Woodridge High School is part of the Woodridge Local School District. It is located in Ohio, United States. It is a state school.
INFORM, an organization founded by Eileen Barker in 1988, is located at the London School of Economics.
Tidjane Thiam attended INSEAD. The start and end time of Tidjane Thiam's attendance at INSEAD are unknown. Tidjane Thiam received an academic degree from INSEAD.
NorthSouth Productions is a marketing company based in New York City, USA.
WCWV is a radio station in Summersville, West Virginia, United States.
The Lotus 63 is a racing automobile designed by Colin Chapman and manufactured by Lotus Cars, used for the sport of Motorsport.
Telechron, a business from the United States, was founded in 1912 and is involved in the electric clock industry.
Medfield High School is a secondary school located in Medfield, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Medfield Public Schools.
Bolwar Mahammad Kunhi is a human being whose notable work is Swatantryada Ota. He writes in Kannada, a language spoken and written in the same script.
The 2011 Taca de Portugal Final was played at Estádio Nacional on 22 May 2011. The participating team was Vitória S.C. and the winner was FC Porto.
Piercefield House is an architectural structure located in the United Kingdom and was designed by the architect John Soane. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Colin Kaepernick attended the University of Nevada, Reno, graduating with a degree in that institution. He studied at the University of Nevada, Reno, until he finished his academic program there.
Huron High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States. It is part of the Huron City School District.
Ateyyat El Abnoudy graduated from Cairo University. She studied at Cairo University until the end time, and her academic major was at Cairo University, resulting in an academic degree from Cairo University.
GeekDad is a website founded by Chris Anderson (writer) on March 15, 2007, and is owned by Chris Anderson (writer).
Leicester Square tube station is located next to Charing Cross tube station and is connected to it. It is located towards Charing Cross tube station.
Mahendra Morang Adarsh Multiple Campus, Biratnagar, Nepal was established in 1955 and is affiliated to Tribhuvan University.
Masashi Hamauzu is the composer of The Alliance Alive, a video game for the Nintendo 3DS. The game was released in Japan.
Valkyrie plass station is connected to the Common Tunnel. It was opened on 28 June 1928 and closed in 1985. The station is located next to Nationaltheatret station.
Lev Gor'kov was educated at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. His field of work is solid-state physics. He holds a Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics degree. His doctoral advisor was Lev Landau.
The Suevia was a ship built in 1874 by Caird & Company, in Germany.
Navigant Consulting, a business, was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago. The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Tzohar (organization) is a voluntary association in Israel. It was founded in 1995.
The Brunel University African Poetry Prize is an award founded by Bernardine Evaristo in 2012. It is sponsored by Brunel University London.
EyeToy: Play 3 is a game that uses the EyeToy as an input method. It was developed by SIE London Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. It is part of the EyeToy video game series.
The Outdoor Channel is a television channel owned by Kroenke Sports & Entertainment. It was founded in 1994 and its stock is traded on the Nasdaq.
The newspaper Epigram is from the United Kingdom. It was founded in 1988 and has a Compact newspaper format.
The Fokin government was headed by Vitold Fokin as both the head of government and the chairperson. It followed the Government Masol-Fokin and Leonid Kravchuk was the head of state.
The Climax (illustration) is an illustration from 1893 created by Aubrey Beardsley, which is an instance of an illustration and is associated with the Aestheticism movement.
The Marcy Avenue station is a metro station which was opened on 25 June 1888. It is connected to the BMT Jamaica Line and the J/Z (New York City Subway service).
Philip Tilden, born in Chartwell, was educated at Bedales School. Philip Tilden is a human being.
The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is a sports team. The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is from the United States. The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is involved in rugby union. The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club competes in rugby union.
Kaiafas Lake is a lake located in the Peloponnese region of Greece.
The BMW Z9 is a concept car manufactured by BMW. The Z9 was introduced in 1950.
Round Lake is a lake located in Delta County, Michigan, United States.
The Kadalur Point Lighthouse is located in Kerala, India. It was put in service in 1909.
The Gordon Bennett Cup (ballooning) is a recurring sporting event in hot air ballooning. It was founded by James Gordon Bennett Jr. and started on 30 September 1906.
The Rialto Theatre in Tucson, Arizona was designed by William and Alexander Curlett in the Art Nouveau style and opened in 1922. It is a music venue.
Kamurobamura-e is a comedy film from Japan, starring Takako Matsu and Toshiyuki Nishida.
The river Burla is in Romania and its mouth is in the Sitna. The tributary to the river Burla is the Valea lui Hurjui River.
The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg is located in Manitoba, Canada. The 1999 Pan American Games were one of the significant events there. It is a convention center.
The main topic of Wugong Mountains is Wugong Mountain, which is part of the Luoxiao Mountains in China.
Kalai Arasi is a film from India, originally in Tamil language, starring M.G. Ramachandran and P.S. Veerappa.
Hamilton High School is located in Anza, California, United States. It is part of the Hemet Unified School District. The school is a state school.
Green Island, located in the Rideau River, is a river island in Ontario, Canada.
Por estas calles is a Spanish language TV series created by Ibsen Martínez that ended in 1994. The series is originally in Spanish language.
County Route 545 is a road in the United States, located in New Jersey, and is part of the County routes in New Jersey highway system.
The New York Jazz Repertory Company is a jazz band from New York City, United States. It was founded by George Wein.
Andi Mattalata Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in South Sulawesi, Indonesia. The stadium is occupied by PSM Makassar.
The Daily Iowegian is a broadsheet newspaper that was founded in 1864 and is owned by CNHI.
The Red Note Ensemble is a musical ensemble from the United Kingdom that was founded in 2008 and specializes in performing arts.
Emerald Lake (Idaho) is a glacial lake located in Idaho, United States.
KROA is a radio station located in Grand Island, Nebraska, United States.
South Lancashire is a vice-county located in England, United Kingdom, on the island of Great Britain.
The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best is a reality TV show from the United States, produced by Richard Branson.
William Nicholas Selig produced the silent film Perils of the Jungle ( 1915 film ) which originates from the United States. The film is now in the public domain.
East 233rd Street, in the Bronx, New York State, is a thoroughfare, which is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation in the United States.
Odyssey Academy is a high school located in Rochester, New York, United States. It is part of the Greece Central School District.
Birdnest Records is a record label founded by Per Granberg in Sweden in 1980.
Lake Meridian is a lake in King County, Washington, United States.
The Golden Touch was distributed by United Artists, a film produced by The Walt Disney Company in the United States. The original language of the film is English.
Mystery Creek Events Centre is an event venue in Hamilton, New Zealand. The Parachute music festival is the occupant of the centre.
Oliver (software) is a software, which was created and published on 21 December 2011, and is an instance of software, specifically designed for the Vocaloid 3 platform.
Carl Stephens Ell held the position of chairperson at Northeastern University from an unknown start time to an unknown end time.
The Punakitere River is a river in New Zealand, located in the Northland Region. Its tributary is the Otaua River.
Willie Read, a Wing Commander, received the Distinguished Flying Cross. He was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge, and his given name is Willie.
The Singaporeans First party in Singapore was founded on May 25, 2014 and the secretary general is Tan Jee Say.
Tanglewood Island is a town located in Pierce County, Washington, United States, in or next to Puget Sound.
London Motors, an automobile manufacturer, was founded in 1921 and is a corporation based in London, Ontario.
Toronto Book Awards (established in 1974) is a literary award from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Basilica of Santa Maria a Pugliano is located in Ercolano, Italy. It is a minor basilica in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples, Italy.
Kolob Reservoir, a reservoir located in Utah, United States.
Marx Dormoy, whose father was Jean Dormoy, is a member of the French National Assembly. He speaks French.
Pika Peak is a mountain in the Slate Range in Alberta, Canada.
Wendell Berry graduated from the University of Kentucky with a degree in [major].
Chandalar Lake is a lake in Alaska, United States.
Nuestra Belleza Estado de México 2012 was the 2012 beauty pageant edition in Mexico.
Christopher Cazenove and Amélie Pick star in the 1989 film Souvenir, a film from the United Kingdom, originally in the English language.
Elizabeth Chu Richter attended the University of Texas at Austin, graduating with an academic degree and completing her academic major there, and she finished her time at the university.
Homer Row is located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom. The street is an instance of Street and connects with Shouldham Street.
Crown Equipment Corporation, a business founded in 1945, is headquartered in New Bremen, Ohio, and produces forklifts.
The Slammer is a TV series from the United Kingdom, it was broadcast on BBC One and has 3 series.
Torrens Island Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located on Torrens Island in South Australia, Australia.
Kenji Waki, a human being, was a student of Kazukiyo Takashima and received the Shogi Medal of Honor. His given name is Kenji.
Hancock High School is located in Mississippi, United States. It is part of the Hancock County School District. The school is a high school in North America.
Jaqueline Orth was born in Bad Hersfeld on 10 February 1993. She is a female human.
Shougang Gymnasium is an arena located in Beijing, China. The Beijing Ducks are the occupants of the arena.
Cascade Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains in the state of New York, United States.
Reelfoot Lake State Park is a Tennessee state park located in Tennessee, United States. It is categorized as a protected landscape/seascape by IUCN.
The Mata River is a river in New Zealand. It has two tributaries, the Ihungia River and the Aorangiwai River.
Preussen-Stadion an der Malteserstraße is a soccer-specific stadium located in Berlin, Germany. The stadium is occupied by BFC Preussen.
Tonkin is a protectorate in French Indochina with Hanoi as its capital, where the Vietnamese language is spoken.
State Highway 54 in Kerala is a highway in India. It is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the List of state highways in Kerala.
The Book of Kane is written in English and originated in the United States. It was illustrated by Jeffrey Catherine Jones and has a cover art by Jeffrey Catherine Jones.
Rayne High School is part of the Acadia Parish School Board. It is located in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Brassel Mountain is a mountain located in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland, and is part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks mountain range.
Reckitt and Sons, a business founded by Isaac Reckitt in 1840, is located in Kingston upon Hull.
The Crocker Range National Park in Malaysia was established in 1984. It is a national park and is classified as IUCN Category II.
The Experimental Cinema of the Philippines is owned by the Government of the Philippines, is located in Manila and was founded in 1982. The company's main business is the production of experimental cinema.
The Arts House, designed by George Drumgoole Coleman, is an architectural structure located in Singapore and is listed in the List of national monuments of Singapore.
Serengeti International Airport is located in Serengeti District, Tanzania. It serves Serengeti National Park, Tanzania.
HA&W is a limited liability partnership founded in 1952 and headquartered in Atlanta.
The German language is used in the publication of Rheinischer Merkur, which is a periodical literature from Germany. The editor is Wolfgang Bergsdorf.
Thomas Reiter works for the European Space Agency. He held a position at the European Space Agency, starting at an unspecified time.
The Battle of Grahamstown took place on 22 April 1819 in Makhanda, Eastern Cape, where the United Kingdom participated.
Thudaka Peak is a mountain in the Thudaka Range, located in British Columbia, Canada.
David M. Schwarz Architects is a privately held company founded in 1976 by David M. Schwarz. The company is a privately held company.
The Bolshaya Martayka River is a river in Russia. It flows into the Vels River. The Volga Basin is the drainage basin of the Bolshaya Martayka River.
Big Bear High School is a state school located in California, United States, and it is part of the Bear Valley Unified School District.
The Last Weekend is a television series from the United Kingdom. It is a television series. The Last Weekend is a television drama.
Kazuma Kamachi is a human being who speaks Japanese and is native to the Japanese language. His notable work is A Certain Magical Index.
Redstone Creek, located in the United States, is a river in Pennsylvania. It flows into the Monongahela River, which is part of the Monongahela River basin.
The Great Adventuress is a German language film produced by Felsom Film. It stars Heinrich Schroth and was directed by Otto Kanturek.
The 2011 Eastern Province Kings season was a season of rugby union.
Burlingame High School is located in Burlingame, Kansas, United States. It is part of the Burlingame USD 454 school district.
Stuart Alexander & Co Pty Ltd, a company founded in 1884, is a company located in Ultimo, New South Wales.
The national coat of arms of Switzerland, which is a national coat of arms, was created in 1889 and is used in Switzerland.
Skoll (moon) is a moon of Saturn, named after Sköll, discovered by Scott S. Sheppard on 5 January 2006.
Riverfront station is adjacent to Donelson station. Riverfront station connects to Donelson station via a line. Riverfront station is towards Donelson station. Riverfront station connects to Donelson station via a service.
S.V. Nishan 42 is an association football club that plays in the SVB Topklasse league and their home ground is Meerzorg Stadion.
The MBCGame StarCraft League is an e-sport competition in South Korea that was established in 2002, competing in the sports discipline of StarCraft.
Howard Island, in the Arafura Sea, is an island located in the East Arnhem Region of Australia.
The GN Bouw Stadion is a soccer-specific stadium located in Dordrecht, Netherlands. FC Dordrecht is the occupant of the GN Bouw Stadion.
Rogue Wave Software, a business founded in 1989, is located in Louisville, Colorado, and produces software.
Hamlet RK is a rugby union team in Denmark that was established in 1981.
Gidde Palema won the Oslo Grand Prix, which is a notable achievement in harness racing. He was born on 9 April 1995. Gidde Palema won the Oslo Grand Prix.
Songs before Sunrise is a book written by Algernon Charles Swinburne, published in 1871. It is now in the public domain.
The Eiksund Tunnel, which carries Norwegian County Road 653, was opened on 23 February 2008. It is operated by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration.
The Kyrgyzata Botanical Reserve is a protected area of Kyrgyzstan. It was established in 1975 and belongs to the IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management area.
The Cessna NGP is a subclass of aircraft manufactured by Cessna. Its first flight was on June 23, 2006.
Belton High School is located in Belton, Texas, United States. It is part of the Belton Independent School District. Belton High School is a high school in North America.
The General Motors manufactured Oldsmobile Toronado is a car model that was succeeded by the Oldsmobile Aurora.
Gwanda is a city located in Gwanda District, Zimbabwe. It is the capital of Matabeleland South Province.
Cervelle de canut is a cheese spread from France, containing fromage frais, and is a type of spread (food).
Bukhansan National Park, a national park located in South Korea, was established in 1983. It is categorized as a protected landscape/seascape by the IUCN.
Mancunians RL is a rugby league team from the United Kingdom. They were founded in 2009. They compete in rugby union.
Red Love was produced by Rosa von Praunheim and originates from Germany. The original language of Red Love is German language. The director of photography for Red Love is Mike Kuchar.
The Rove Tunnel is a canal tunnel in Marseille, France, located in Marseille, and its terminus is at L'Estaque.
The duo Decoder is a rock and pop band. The duo's musical genre is drum and bass. Decoder was formed in Bristol and Mark Caro is a member of the duo.
The television series Chucklewood Critters, which is in the Dutch language, originates from the Netherlands and features Jody Pijper in its cast.
Rila National Park was established in 1992 in Bulgaria. It is a National Park and is categorized as IUCN Category II.
Cotton Center High School is located in Cotton Center, Texas, United States. It is part of the Cotton Center Independent School District.
The Belan River is a river in Uttar Pradesh, India, located in the Belan River Valley.
7de Laan is a television series from South Africa, distributed by SABC 2, and is set in South Africa.
Bennison Island, in the Corner Inlet, is located in Victoria, Australia.
The Jan Floreins Altarpiece is a work of Early Netherlandish painting created by Hans Memling, made from panel and oil paint.
The USS Augusta (LCS-34) is a US Independence class littoral combat ship, built by Austal USA.
Lady Irwin College, established in 1932, is a university located in India and is affiliated with the University of Delhi.
The third season of Top Gear Australia, a television series from Australia, was broadcast on the Nine Network.
Conboy Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in Washington (state), United States. It is categorized as a Habitat/Species Management Area under the IUCN category IV.
Henry Mainwaring attended Brasenose College, Oxford from an unknown start time until an unknown end time, and graduated with an academic degree.
The Smoke-Free Air Act, which comes under the jurisdiction of New Jersey, is from the United States. It was passed on April 15, 2006.
Forgiato Wheels is a company that was founded on January 1, 2006, and is a company in the automotive industry.
The Ueda Electric Railway Bessho Line is operated by Ueda Kotsu and has a 3ft 6 in gauge railway. It is connected to the Shinano Railway Line and its terminus is Ueda Station (Nagano).
Naivasha Stadium is a stadium located in Nairobi, Kenya. The occupants of the stadium are Vegpro F.C.
The Jericho Diamond Mine, which is part of the list of diamond mines, is located in Nunavut, Canada, and produces diamonds.
Two in Revolt was produced by Samuel J. Briskin and directed by Jack MacKenzie in the United States, and the original language of the film is English.
The 2016 Vojvodina provincial election took place in 2016 in Serbia. The election was an instance of an election. The election was held in Serbia where the office of the Prime Minister of Serbia was contested.
Rainbow (company) was founded by Iginio Straffi in Loreto, Marche. It is a joint-stock company and is a subsidiary of Viacom International Media Networks Italia.
Kinepolis is a cinema chain founded in 01 January 1997. Kinepolis is located in the Brussels metropolitan area. Kinepolis Hasselt is part of the chain.
Bionda Castana is a company founded in 2006. They are based in London and produce shoes.
Peter Diamond was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. This award was given at a specific point in time, and he received it together with others.
The Southern Company, which owns Nicor, was founded in 1856. The company is located in Atlanta and is in the business of producing and selling natural gas.
The Naval Aircraft Factory TS was a fighter biplane manufactured by the Naval Aircraft Factory and retired in 1929.
Two Shots Fired is a film from Argentina, starring Walter Jakob and Fabián Arenillas, originally shown in Spanish.
The Miami Canal is a canal located in Florida, United States. It originates from Lake Okeechobee.
Axe Cop, a webcomic, was created in December 2009. Axe Cop is not the same as Axe Cop (TV series), and Axe Cop (TV series) is a derivative work of Axe Cop.
Vark is a garnish made from metal leaf, originating from India, and contains silver.
The editor of Alternate Wars is Martin H. Greenberg and Bantam Spectra published it. The book is the sequel to Alternate Heroes and was followed by Alternate Americas.
Heidsee is a lake in Grisons, Switzerland.
The M6 motorway in the Republic of Ireland was opened in 2006. It is a road that ends at Kinnegad.
The State Farm Stadium was designed by Peter Eisenman and was opened on August 1, 2006. It is used for American football and was engineered by Walter P Moore.
Bobbio Cathedral is located in Bobbio, Italy and is a co-cathedral in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio.
Arandis Airport, named after Arandis, Namibia, is an airport in Namibia. It serves the transport hub of Arandis, Namibia.
Maisamma IPS was produced by Dasari Narayana Rao and originated in India. The language spoken is Telugu and the director of photography is T. Surendra Reddy.
Longfeng District is a district in Daqing, China. It includes the Xinghua Subdistrict, Daqing.
The Reims Opera House, designed in the Art Deco style, is located in Reims, France, and was created by architect Alphonse Gosset.
Homer Drew attended Washington University in St. Louis, where he completed his studies at some point in time, and graduated with an academic degree in a specific major.
The 2002 California State Assembly election was an election held in the United States, specifically in the year 2002, and was won by Herb Wesson.
United Theological College, Bangalore, India, was established on 01 January 1910. It is a seminary and affiliated with the Senate of Serampore College (University).
Amritlal Vegad received the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work at some point in time.
The Wolseley 4/50 is a car model manufactured by British Motor Corporation, a company of Wolseley Motors. It was followed by the Wolseley 4/44.
Nuts Entertainment is a Philippine TV series from the Philippines, originally broadcast on GMA Network, which was created by GMA Network.
Audrey Arno is a singer who sings pop music and is a native French speaker.
The Five Chinese Brothers is written in English and published by G.P. Putnam's Sons. It was illustrated by Kurt Wiese and has the cover art by Kurt Wiese.
Veslesmeden is a mountain located in Rondane National Park, in Dovre, Norway.
Splish Splash is a water park located on Long Island in the state of New York, United States.
The Queen Elizabeth II Bridge in Belfast, United Kingdom, is a road bridge that crosses the River Lagan and is named after Elizabeth II.
The American Polar Society is a learned society founded by August Howard in the United States in 1934.
The Cockerham Vicarage is a clergy house located in Cockerham, United Kingdom, designed by Edmund Sharpe.
Hankavan is a village in Kotayk Province, Armenia, where the Armenian language is spoken.
Sheenagh Pugh is a human being who won the Cholmondeley Award and was described by Obalky knih.cz. She works at the University of Glasgow.
EPA Larnaca FC won the Cypriot First Division.
The 1993 Israeli presidential election took place between January 1st and December 31st, 1993 in Israel. The election was held in Israel where the President of Israel was the contested office.
UFC 70, a mixed martial arts sporting event, is an instance of a sporting event and was organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Norman Douglas is a notable author, and his notable work is South Wind (novel). He speaks and writes in English, and his father is John Sholto Douglass.
Nuttin' but Love, produced by Teddy Riley, is a part of the album series of Heavy D & The Boyz. It was released in the United States. Nothing but Love is a different song.
Larry McMurtry attended Rice University until he graduated with an academic degree, majoring in an unspecified field.
Toe Rag Studios, a London-based business, was founded by Liam Watson in 1991.
Olga Broumas graduated from the University of Oregon with an academic degree. She studied at the University of Oregon from an unspecified start time until an unspecified end time, majoring in an unspecified academic field.
The Leeds Rhinos Women is a rugby league team from the United Kingdom. They participate in rugby league, but they also compete in rugby union.
Bantam Lake is a lake in the United States, located in Litchfield County, Connecticut. The lake is in the Housatonic River basin.
The papyrus Oxyrhynchus 69 is in the collection of the University of Chicago Oriental Institute. It was written in Ancient Greek and is published in Oxyrhynchus Papyri.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a Hindi movie from India. It was produced by Prakash Jha and distributed by ALTBalaji.
The Pirate Party of Catalonia is a candidate in the 2012 Catalan regional election. The election was held in Catalonia, which is followed by the 2010 Catalan regional election and the 2015 Catalonia regional election.
Dynamo Balashikha is an ice hockey team that was founded in 2010. Their home arena is the Balashikha Arena, where they play the sport of Ice hockey.
The 2014 American League Wild Card Game, which was part of the 2014 Major League Baseball season, was held at Kauffman Stadium. It featured the Oakland Athletics and included the Extra Innings video game.
Frederick Delius composed Sea Drift, a musical composition that was published on 01 January 1904. The composition is in the public domain.
An Anna Blume is a poem written by Kurt Schwitters, published in 1919. It is now in the public domain.
ISTAF Indoor is a sport of athletics from Germany, which was established in 2014 and competes in indoor athletics.
The teen film My Little Bride originates from South Korea and was directed by Seo Jeong-min. The film's original language is Korean.
Yamaltransstroy, a transport company, was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Moscow, operating as an Open joint-stock company.
The Bellunes Alps, which are located in Italy, are part of the Venetian Prealps mountain range. The highest point of the Bellunes Alps is Col Nudo.
Elle Girl is a fashion magazine published in New York City, which was first published on 01 January 2001.
The Kind Diet is a 2009 book by Alicia Silverstone about Veganism.
The Tin Wing stop, which is operated by MTR Corporation, is owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It was opened on 26 March 1995 and is connected to the Light Rail Route 751P.
The Asian Highway Network includes the AH87, which is a road in Turkey.
Beecher High School is located in Beecher, Illinois, United States. It is part of the Beecher Community Unit School District 200U. The school is a high school.
The Dakota Access Pipeline is a pipeline owned by Energy Transfer Partners. It has its start point at Stanley, North Dakota and its destination point at Patoka, Illinois.
Polyvinyl Record Co. is a record label founded by Matt Lunsford in the United States in 1995.
The Long Bridge is a railway bridge that spans the Potomac River in Washington D.C., United States.
El Rio Trio is a rock and pop band from Amsterdam that is signed to Tombstone Records and performs Rockabilly music.
Molesworth Street, in Thorndon, New Zealand, is a street maintained by the Wellington City Council.
The film Clando was directed by Nurith Aviv. It originates from France and Cameroon and is in the French language.
Hellfire Warrior, a video game, was published in 1980 in the United States for the TRS-80.
Women's Home Industries, a company founded in 1947, is a company located in London.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, founded by Henry Oscar Houghton, is a company based in Boston that produces software and owns Living Books.
Baeza Cathedral was designed by Andrés de Vandelvira in the Renaissance style and is dedicated to Catholicism, serving the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaén.
The Central Freeway has a terminus at Octavia Boulevard and is located in San Francisco, which is also its terminus location. It is part of the State highways in California.
Didone is an Italian-language opera with a music score by Francesco Cavalli and a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello.
Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha is a Telugu language film from India. It is a romance film and was produced by 14 Reels Entertainment.
Warm Ghost is a rock and pop band from the United States, which was formed in 2011. The band originated in New York City.
Gwoza is a local government area in Borno State, Nigeria. Its legislative council is the Gwoza legislative council.
Gitega Airport, named after Gitega, is an airport located in Burundi. It serves the transport hub of Gitega.
UFC Fight Night : Almeida vs. Garbrandt, a mixed martial arts sporting event, was held in the United States and organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
The Oberfrankenhalle is a building in Bayreuth, Germany. It is occupied by Medi Bayreuth.
The novel Battlefield Earth is written in English. It originates from the United States and is set on Earth. It was published by Bridge Publications.
The Planetario di Milano, designed by Piero Portaluppi, is an Italian national heritage site named after Ulrico Hoepli and was founded by him.
Fourche Creek is a river in the United States, located in the state of Arkansas. The Arkansas River is the drainage basin for Fourche Creek.
The Leonel Viera Bridge, made of concrete, is located in La Barra, Uruguay.
National Highway 326 is a road in India and is owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. It is part of the National Highway system in India.
The Limavady Railway has its terminus at Limavady Junction railway station, is located in Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, and was opened on 29 December 1852.
The Sibley Railroad Bridge is a railway bridge that crosses the Missouri River in Missouri, United States.
PayPoint, a business based in Welwyn Garden City, was founded in 1996. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
The Tycannah Creek, a river located in Australia, flows into the Mehil River. The Brigalow Creek is a tributary of the Tycannah Creek.
City Riots is a rock and pop band from Australia, which was formed in 2005. The band originated in Adelaide.
Harvest Moon: Back to Nature is part of the Story of Seasons series. It was developed by Victor Interactive Software. The CERO rating for the game is A (all ages) and the ESRB rating is everyone.
Isabelle Adjani won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for her work at a certain point in time and also at another point in time.
Hancock Field, served by Santa Maria, California, is an air base in the United States. The air base was dismantled in 1959.
The filming location of Les Grands Ducs is Lyon. The cast includes Florence Geanty and Clotilde Courau. Eduardo Serra was the director of photography for Les Grands Ducs.
Dina bint Abdul-Hamid is a native English speaker. She is married to Hussein of Jordan. She is a member of the Hashemites family and is the mother of Princess Alia bint Hussein.
The Krylov Peninsula is a peninsula located in the Antarctic Treaty area and is named after Aleksey Krylov, situated in the continent of Antarctica.
Antalya FM is a radio station in Turkey, which was established in 1994. The station is based in Antalya.
Conneaut Lake High School is located in Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Conneaut School District. It is a high school.
The Australian film Floating Life, which is in the English language, had Dion Beebe as its director of photography and Anthony Brandon Wong as a cast member.
Christmas Album ( Boney M. album ) was produced by Frank Farian, is the same as Christmas album and was released by Hansa Records. Little Drummer Boy is a track on the album.
Chagres National Park, located in Panama, was established in 1985. It is a National Park and classified as IUCN Category II.
Frutillar Airport, which is named after Frutillar, is an airport located in Chile and serves the transport hub of Frutillar.
Sorted is an English TV series created by Danny Brocklehurst. It was broadcast on BBC HD and ended on August 22, 2006.
Maasina Fulfulde is a modern language that is indigenous to Mali, Mali.
UFC 62 is a mixed martial arts sporting event that is organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the United States.
Tauranga Airport is located in Tauranga, New Zealand. It is an airport serving Tauranga, New Zealand.
Robert R. McCrae attended Michigan State University, graduating with a degree in an unspecified field.
Samuel Meyers Mills Jr. is a human being and a General officer in the United States Army. His name is Samuel.
