Mackenzie Crook provided the voice for Watership Down (miniseries).
Abi Olajuwon is 193 centimeters tall.
Launchpad's website has an Alexa rank of 7321.
Columbine, Colorado has an elevation of 1,688 meters above sea level.
Sharon Dahlonega Bush is focused on the WikiProject African diaspora at Wikimedia.
The video game Tekken features a narrative set in Italy.
Vincent Cassel won the César Award for Best Actor.
Steina (Schwalm) has a watershed area of 20.497 square kilometers.
The Porte d'Italie station on the Paris Métro has 2 platform tracks.
San Jose, California, is twinned with Veracruz in a administrative partnership.
Jean-Léon Gérôme was a teacher of Alexandre Bloch.
Sam Nujoma Stadium has a maximum capacity of 10,300.
The Grenoble Institute of Technology has Laboratoire Jean Kuntzmann as a subsidiary.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Saga Prefectural Road and Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 19.
Pierre Desloges has a medical condition of hearing loss.
The Dungeon Master's Guide was inspired by Stanley G. Weinbaum.
Charterhouse Square connects with Carthusian Street.
Boris Morukov was a crew member on STS-106.
Alfonso Osorio ran for candidacy in the 1982 Spanish general election.
The HMHS Dover Castle travels at a speed of 14 knots.
Paul Muldoon's archives are housed at Leeds University Library.
Leo II, a dwarf galaxy, has a right ascension of +168.36721 degrees.
The 2011 Commonwealth of Independent States Cup had an attendance of +40,800.
The Ventotene Lighthouse has a range of 15 nautical miles.
The 2009 Copa del Rey Final was refereed by Luis Medina Cantalejo.
India's inflation rate is 10.6 percent.
Titan (Varley novel) was illustrated by Connor Freff Cochran.
The film Cole has an aspect ratio of 2.35:1.
Air India operates the Airbus A320 family of aircraft.
Vladimir Kuzmin has a website account on My World@Mail.Ru.
The LNWR Class G2A has a track gauge suitable for standard-gauge railways.
Jeffery Amherst, 5th Earl Amherst, is a relative of Sarah Amherst.
Si Kaddour Benghabrit is honored with the prefix Sidi.
The 1938-39 Scottish Cup final event was the 1939 Scottish Cup Final.
The Nagara River has a discharge of 115.4 cubic meters per second.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guanare is centered around the Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Coromoto.
Angola uses the Europlug electrical plug type.
The Khabarovsk Bridge consists of 18 spans.
The cover art for Maze of Moonlight was created by Thomas Canty.
Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 resulted in 20 fatalities.
The highest point in Gunnison County, Colorado, is Castle Peak.
Sean Ono Lennon's godparent is Elton John.
Flunisolide is a drug used to treat allergic rhinitis.
Tajikistan has a total fertility rate of 3.756.
The Bangkok Elevated Road and Train System was discontinued in 1998.
Brian Grimsditch was the excavation director for Buckton Castle.
Rangeley Lake has a volume of 359 cubic hectometers.
The official symbol of Bangladesh is Nymphaea nouchali.
The flexor hallucis brevis muscle is innervated by the medial plantar nerve.
DN Tower 21 replaces the Norinchukin Bank Yurakucho building.
Humboldt University of Berlin has a student count of 35,587.
Pat Cadigan was the guest of honor at the 74th World Science Fiction Convention.
Degiro charges a trading fee of 0.026 percent.
Dave Burgess was the animator for the 1991 film Beauty and the Beast.
The Eighth Cambridge Survey has a frequency of +38 megahertz.
Bangladesh's main voltage is 220 volts.
The legislative body for Doboj is the City of Doboj Assembly.
William Hayman Cummings contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography.
The Capo Spartivento Calabro Lighthouse has a focal height of 63 metres.
The rector of the University of Trento is Daria de Pretis.
America (the advertisement) promotes the Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign.
The art director for the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" was Tom Codrick.
OpenSUSE uses the GNOME GUI toolkit or framework.
The diademed sifaka has a gestation period of 150 days.
Arjen Tuiten was the makeup artist for Iron Man 2.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Greece was appointed by Alexis Tsipras.
Douglas Cooper, an art historian, is the curator of Mayor Gallery.
William Broyles Jr. is represented by Creative Artists Agency.
The Forest (2016 film) has an RARSRating of 16+.
The Málaga Film Festival takes place in April.
Pakistan's top-level internet domain is .pk.
Asamushi Onsen has a temperature of +78 degrees Celsius.
North Atlantic Deep Water has a salinity of 35 parts per thousand.
Unibank (Azerbaijan) has a total equity of 165,000,000 United States dollars.
The Soyuz TM-11 completed 2,735 orbits.
The Toulouse Metro uses Véhicule Automatique Léger (VAL) vehicles.
In the Federated States of Micronesia, the legal marriage age is 16 years old.
Schwa's international phone number prefix is +322.
Akira Toriyama is the game artist for Dragon Quest Builders.
Bucerius Law School has a partnership with Jagiellonian University.
Bukit Ketri railway station is wheelchair accessible.
Sirius the Jaeger is broadcasted by Tokyo MX.
Saki Kumagai is the captain of the Japan women's national football team.
The unemployment rate in the Philippines is 7.3 percent.
The SS Cap Arcona had a cruise speed of 20 knots.
The Kerala Legislative Assembly consists of 140 constituencies.
The Progress MS-05 spacecraft docked and undocked on February 24, 2017.
The maximum temperature record in Louisiana is +114 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Eurovision network is maintained by the WikiProject Eurovision.
Eleanor Slater Hospital has 495 hospital beds.
Crescent Lake in Oregon has a residence time of water of about 13 years.
China Eastern Airlines operates a business division called Joy Air.
Joseph Bédier took the agrégation de lettres examination.
Stig Blomqvist raced as a co-driver with Bruno Berglund.
Zhong Tian Plaza has 3 floors below ground.
Harpers Ferry National Historical Park has its tourist office at Cavalier Heights Visitor Center.
The BMW N55 engine has a compression ratio of 10.2:1.
Charles Borromeo is a saint associated with Italy.
The rotation period of asteroid 133 Cyrene is 12.708 hours.
Giuseppe Cerutti has written for La Feuille villageoise.
Randstad Holding has a market capitalization of 2,466,900,000 euros.
Foursquare's chief operating officer is Jeffrey Glueck.
Plutonium-239 has a binding energy of 1,806,916.002 kiloelectronvolts.
The Convention on the Exercise of Liberal Professions of 1889 was ratified by Uruguay.
A&M Records, Inc. was the plaintiff in the case against Napster, Inc.
Weerribben-Wieden National Park particularly protects the large copper butterfly.
The mean age in Bruntál District is 42.5 years.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad locomotives belong to the category of Category:Baltimore and Ohio locomotives.
The occipitofrontalis muscle is supplied by the supratrochlear artery.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is tilted at an angle of 15 degrees from vertical.
Burning Empires is a role-playing game that uses the Burning Wheel system for its mechanics.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art offers an official Android app called "The Metropolitan Museum of Art."
Estonia adopted the Gregorian calendar on March 1, 1918.
Gallotia is a taxon named by George Albert Boulenger.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by the Welsh Language Society.
Magna Moralia is attributed to Aristotle.
VG-1 is an autologous cell line derived from B301.
SAE 316L stainless steel has an austenitic microstructure.
Zeevang has 30.57 percent of its area covered by water.
The 2018 Laos dam collapse damaged Thasengchan.
Mafia, the party game, requires a minimum of 3 players.
Yangpachen Monastery was destroyed in 1966.
A36 steel has an ultimate tensile strength of 450 megapascals.
The Bulgarian Stock Exchange, located in Sofia, uses the BG TR30 as its stock market index.
Ground beetles primarily feed on gastropods.
Kerosene has an autoignition temperature of 220 degrees Celsius.
In Saudi Arabia, compulsory education begins at the age of 6 years old.
Fossils of Aublysodon molnari have been found in the Hell Creek Formation.
The point of view for "View of the World from 9th Avenue" is located on Ninth Avenue in Manhattan.
Mars Cube One is a CubeSat satellite bus.
A36 steel has a yield strength of 250 megapascals.
United Airlines Flight 93 transported Todd Beamer on board.
Hepatitis C has an incidence rate of +1.7 cases per 100,000 person-years.
Ueli Maurer is the substitute director/manager of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs.
Factor VIII gene inversion is associated with Haemophilia A.
Hurricane Dorian had maximum wind speeds of 295 kilometres per hour.
Sweden's individual tax rate is 25 percent.
Sunken Plum was presented at the Málaga Film Festival.
The seal of Macedonia (Greece) features the Vergina Sun.
Bouvet Island has a coastline of 29.6 kilometres.
The BMW N57 engine uses a turbocharger as its supercharging method.
The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 features multi-link suspension in the rear.
The Art & Architecture Thesaurus contains over 47,267 records.
The Arabia Mountain Path has a moderate degree of difficulty.
Covington Catholic High School is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
The Duralex Picardie model was released in 1954.
Victor Shem-Tov was awarded the EMET Prize for Art, Science, and Culture.
Planned Parenthood v. Casey consolidated the cases with Casey v. Planned Parenthood.
Nicolas Colombel follows Nicolas Poussin.
The Hyundai Ioniq has a drag coefficient of 0.24.
The NOD2 gene is associated with Crohn's disease through specific insertions.
Andriy Shevchenko's patronymic is Mykolayovych.
Indole is a substrate of tryptophan synthase.
Kramfors Municipality has total liabilities of 414,715,000 Swedish krona.
The central bank of the Korean Empire was the Bank of Korea from 1909 to 1950.
Hungary has a VAT rate of 27 percent.
Antlia 2 has a galactic latitude of +11.2479 degrees.
Marzia Kjellberg is part of the Disney Digital Network.
Hexafluorophosphate is the conjugate base of hexafluorophosphoric acid.
The 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes had a jMA magnitude of +7.3.
The admission rate to McMaster University is +0.587, indicating a slight increase in admissions.
The Centurion Card offers a cash back of 1.5 percent.
The Catholic Encyclopedia received the imprimatur from John Murphy Farley.
Patton Oswalt wrote the afterword for the book "I'll Be Gone in the Dark."
The Orion spacecraft has a shelf life of 210 days.
The Hazelaarweg Stadion has a maximum capacity of over 10,000 spectators.
Basaula Lemba is a member of the sports team Vitória S.C.
Zakiya Bywaters is a member of the United States women's national under-17 soccer team.
Academia Sinica has a subsidiary called the Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica.
Leon Cort is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
Chris Sumner held the position of Minister of Prices and Consumer Affairs.
Ellery Cairo is a member of the sports team Feyenoord.
Kayke Rodrigues is a member of the sports team Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
Wang Manli participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Gars am Inn has a population of 3,585.
Barbara De Rossi is a cast member in Freckled Max and the Spooks.
The Adam Carolla Project has 13 episodes.
Ian Storey-Moore is a member of the sports team Burton Albion F.C.
The Western Bay of Plenty District shares a border with the Hauraki District.
Baranavichy Voblast contains the administrative territorial entity of Lida District.
Édouard Baer is a cast member in the 2007 film Molière.
Perdreauville's archives are housed at the Departmental archives of Yvelines.
Crasville in Manche has a population of 266.
Rene Howe is a member of the sports team Burton Albion F.C.
Aaron and Abner Zook are architectural illustrators.
Ogden, Illinois has an elevation of 671 feet above sea level.
Erasmus is the given name of Erasmus Earle.
Sheikh Kamal Stadium in Nilphamari has a maximum capacity of 21,359.
Igor Aksyonov is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Alisher Ashurmamadov is a member of the sports team CSKA Pamir Dushanbe.
Konstantin Nikologorskiy has an Elo rating of 2410.
Kozly, in the Louny District, has a population of 238.
Turkish people are found in Ukraine.
Japan National Route 127 connects with the Futtsu Tateyama Road.
Ryan Brobbel is a member of the Northern Ireland national under-17 football team.
The East Martinsburg Historic District is located at an elevation of 129 meters above sea level.
Barbara Bates is a cast member in "This Love of Ours."
American Airlines operates Boeing 767-300ER aircraft.
Sycamore High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, officially opened in 1974.
Jerzy Giedroyc received the Grand Cross of the Order of Grand Duke Gediminas.
Vannino Chiti held the position of president of an Italian region.
Choi Jong-bum is a member of the South Korea national under-23 football team.
Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor, was the owner of Nature Studies (manuscript).
Geneviève Morel was a cast member in the 1949 film "The Barton Mystery."
Nico Schulz is a member of the Germany national under-17 football team.
The Mladá Boleslav District contains the administrative territorial entity Dalovice.
The population of Sic, Cluj is +3,189.
Shener Remzi is a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Burgas.
The male population in Rajupalem, which is part of Kadapa district, is +1218.
Jamal Lowe is a member of the sports team Hitchin Town F.C.
Yevgeny Novikov is a cast member in the film "Battle of Moscow."
Dmytro Nevmyvaka is a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team.
Muttiah Muralitharan is a member of the Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club.
Nenê, the footballer born in 1983, is a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio.
David Fletcher is a member of the Burlington Bees baseball team.
Road Rage is an audiobook authored by Richard Matheson.
Carmelo Anthony won the Best Male College Athlete ESPY Award.
Alfredo Adami is a cast member in Mezzanotte d'amore.
The Ideal House in London was designed by architect Raymond Hood.
Quintela de Leirado has a population of 814.
Nigel Povah has an Elo rating of +2310.
Dominic Iorfa is a member of the sports team Aylesbury United F.C.
Viru Viru International Airport is located at an elevation of 1225 feet above sea level.
Urmas Hepner is a member of the FCI Levadia U21 sports team.
The 1995 Acura Classic Singles tournament was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Billy Stark is a member of the sports team Hamilton Academical F.C.
Grégory Duruz is a member of the sports team New Zealand Knights FC.
Geraldine McCaughrean was nominated for the Carnegie Medal, a literary award.
Mike Green, born in 1951, was a member of the Sacramento Kings basketball team.
Shellharbour Airport serves a patronage area with the code +9504.
Cyperaceae belongs to the taxonomic family Glumiflorae.
Ed Farmer is a member of the Baltimore Orioles sports team.
Alpha Sculptoris has a parallax of +4.7068 milliarcseconds.
The population of Arce, Spain, is 275.
Omar Shakir is a member of the Bermuda national football team.
Horizume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Malcolm Davies is a member of the rugby team Maesteg RFC.
The Border Gateway Protocol uses port +179.
Michael Blackwood is a footballer who plays for Tamworth F.C.
The Newtown Act is an instance of election law.
Oleg Rozin is a member of the sports team FC Lukhovitsy.
In the 1991 film "Only Yesterday," Yorie Yamashita provided the voice acting.
Vienna Independent Shorts is located at Museumsquartier.
Jamnice, in Czech Republic, has 52 houses.
Rui Fonte is a member of the sports team RCD Espanyol.
Matt DeCaro is a cast member of the TV series House.
The Chengdu Longquanyi Football Stadium has a maximum capacity of 30,800.
The Science Society of China was founded by H.C. Zen.
Antonio Maceda is a member of the Spain national under-23 football team.
Slovinky has an elevation of 442 metres above sea level.
Faisal Al-Merqeb is a member of the sports team Al-Taawun FC.
Anton Ponkrashov participated in the EuroBasket 2011.
The 8th Street station in Philadelphia is adjacent to the Chinatown station (SEPTA).
Gilbert Kaze is a member of the Burundi national football team.
Andriy Hurskyi is a member of the sports team FC Obolon Kyiv.
"The Legend of Drizzt" includes "The Dark Elf Trilogy."
Apristurus belongs to the family Pentanchidae.
Ilir Nallbani is a member of the sports team FC Tatabánya.
Alessandro Zoppetti is a member of the sports team Delfino Pescara 1936.
Salim Arrache is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Uladzimir Karytska is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
The Mississippi River watershed covers an area of approximately 2,981,000 square kilometers.
The film "Gate of Hell" has a duration of 88 minutes.
The Moldova national football team's ranking has improved by 121 positions.
Vikhammer Station is located in the Central European Time zone.
The Cadillac STS-V has a height of 1478 millimeters.
The Ferryman (2007 film) has a duration of 100 minutes.
Lles de Cerdanya has an increase of 30 households.
Kevin Todd is a footballer who plays for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Zhastalap is elevated by 1 metre above sea level.
Jubilaeum Maximum is written in Ecclesiastical Latin.
Sebastián Dubarbier is a member of the sports team FC Lorient.
Daniel Schwenter is described by a source in the BEIC Digital Library.
Thomas Kellein wrote the screenplay for 1000 Meisterwerke.
Coughlin-Alumni Stadium was officially opened on September 22, 1962.
The Keihan Ishiyama Sakamoto Line connects with the Biwako Line.
Frank Whittle received the Albert Medal from the Royal Society of Arts.
César Belli is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense.
Paul Emslie is a member of the sports team Peterhead F.C.
Ong Kim Swee is a member of the Malaysia national football team.
Jesper Bech is a member of the sports team Esbjerg fB.
Libby, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Mal Whitfield won the James E. Sullivan Award.
Abass Lawal is a member of the sports team Khor Fakkan Club.
Luis Gabriel Rey is a member of the sports team Atlético Bucaramanga.
Oshri Gita is a member of the sports team Hapoel Acre F.C.
Edoardo Catinali is a member of the sports team U.S. Ancona 1905.
Rathaus Schöneberg is constructed using sandstone.
The Hereford Road Skew Bridge is maintained by Herefordshire Council.
The Chazy River has an elevation of 28 meters above sea level.
Javier López Vallejo is a member of the sports team Levadiakos F.C.
Wendy B. Lawrence was a crew member on STS-86.
Buddo hill has an elevation of 1300 meters above sea level.
Wavell Heights, Queensland, has a population of 9,684.
Belgium has an average life expectancy of 81.2878 years.
Ange N'Silu is a member of the sports team FC Le Mont.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2487.
Bhakti Kulkarni has an Elo rating of 2256.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of +2504.
Roman Kuzovkin is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Chandrapur and Bardhaman have a combined population increase of 2104.
Ricky Ravenhill is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Richard Graham, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of Billericay Town F.C.
Kita-Kume Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
The Nintendo 3DS system software supports the Russian language.
Elizabeth Debicki provided the voice for Peter Rabbit in the film.
Millford Plantation is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Darwin International Airport serves the area with the patronage code +95598.
Schwanheide station is adjacent to Boizenburg (Elbe) railway station.
Tau1 Hydrae has an apparent magnitude of +3.58.
The population of Neckarwestheim has increased by 3181.
Jason Banton is a member of the sports team Crystal Palace F.C.
Hubert Stevens participated in the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Alexa Guarachi's ranking is +347.
Alton North, Texas has a population of 5,051.
Graeme Montgomery is a member of the sports team Eastleigh F.C.
Hendon School was established on November 1, 2011.
Tia Carrere is a cast member in "Aloha, Scooby-Doo!"
The maximum capacity of Stadio Carlo Castellani is 19,847.
The novel Bano is set in India.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of the sports team Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves.
Lower Buckhorn Lake is located at an elevation of 274 meters above sea level.
Kevin Strootman is a member of the sports team PSV Eindhoven.
Whitehorse Mountain in Washington has an elevation of 2085 meters above sea level.
Otto Herbert Hajek was a participant in Documenta III.
Assan Bazayev won the 2008 Tour of Turkey.
Nick Colgan is a member of the sports team Grimsby Town F.C.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chieti-Vasto's cathedral is Chieti Cathedral.
Stanley Tucci won the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Miniseries, or Television Film.
The Battle of Tarutino took place near Moscow.
Denis Cyr is a member of the Springfield Indians sports team.
Leszek Iwanicki is a member of the sports team Legia Warsaw.
Viorel Turcu is a member of the sports team FC Argeș Pitești.
Omar Simionato is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Universidad Católica.
Robert Slippens participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Saga Airport serves an area with a patronage of 34,506.
Abertown, New Jersey, has an elevation of 245 meters above sea level.
Birnie Island has an area of 0.72 square kilometres.
Effingham, Illinois has an elevation of 180 metres above sea level.
Hugh Laurie won the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama.
Elierce Barbosa de Souza is a member of the sports team Brasília Futebol Clube.
Ira Newble is a member of the Los Angeles Lakers sports team.
Steve Basham is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
John Bednarski weighs 185 pounds.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 736.
Davie Sneddon is a member of the sports team Hurlford United F.C.
Giuseppe Zappella is a member of the sports team U.S. Avellino 1912.
Ray McLoughlin is a member of the sports team Barbarian F.C.
Giulia Niccolai is partnered with Adriano Spatola.
Demetris Assiotis is a member of the sports team Olympiakos Nicosia.
The Valley of Lagoons has a population of +48.
Praga is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Kappa Volantis has a right ascension of +124.9540156744 degrees.
Don Shaw played for the St. Louis Cardinals baseball team.
Ventosilla y Tejadilla has a population of 26.
Enric Saborit is a member of the Spain national under-19 football team.
Keith England is a member of the sports team Castleford Tigers.
Hugo Firmino is a member of the sports team Kabuscorp S.C.P.
STS-60 has an orbital inclination of +57.0 degrees.
Jeff Hackett is a member of the Philadelphia Flyers hockey team.
Tom Willis is a footballer who is a member of the Brisbane Roar FC.
Bojan Trkulja is a member of the sports team FC Daugava.
Barbour County, West Virginia shares a border with Randolph County, West Virginia.
Rizvan Ablitarov is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro.
Andries Malan participated in the men's doubles event at the 2013 Mauritius International Badminton Championships.
Jeff Agoos is a member of the sports team SV Wehen Wiesbaden.
The Hogan Group has an elevation above sea level of 130 metres.
Ella Diehl participated in the Women's singles event at the 2010 Russia Open Badminton Championships.
The Samuel J. Tilden House is designated as a New York City Landmark.
Pokey Reddick was a member of the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Twan Castelijns is a member of the sports team Team Jumbo-Visma.
Poranga has a population of 12,001.
Keshokhedi has an elevation of 470 metres above sea level.
Jean Lake Airport is located at an elevation of 2,370 feet above sea level.
Greig Denham is a member of the sports team Motherwell F.C.
Dennis Oli is a member of the sports team Farnborough F.C.
Cem Tosun is a member of the Turkey national under-21 football team.
Doris Schwaiger is 171 centimeters tall.
Sir John Barrington, 7th Baronet, was a member of the 13th Parliament of Great Britain.
Magadan Oblast contains the administrative territorial entity of Srednekansky District.
Bob McAuley is a member of the Rangers F.C. sports team.
Billy Thomas is a member of the Kansas Cagerz basketball team.
Artyom Kulesha is a member of the sports team FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo.
Jason Taylor won the Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year Award.
The Paddys River in the Australian Capital Territory is 28.4 kilometers long.
Tim Carter is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ursula von der Leyen holds a Doctor of Medicine degree.
Kempegowda International Airport offers scheduled service to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport.
Justine Zulu is a member of the sports team Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C.
Dundee Airport has a patronage of +23,955.
Roman Chmelo is a member of the sports team PKNS F.C.
The Locarno Festival falls under the main category of the Locarno International Film Festival.
Kentucky Route 1682 is 15.295 miles long.
Sobolew railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Shigenobu Shima has a mass of 95 kilograms.
Shuvagata Hom is a member of the sports team Barisal Bulls.
Kampung Baru LRT station is located in the time zone of Malaysia.
Episcopal Charities of Southeast Florida is based in the United States.
James Miller, a footballer born in 1904, was a member of Raith Rovers F.C.
Stockholm Arlanda Airport serves a patronage of 17,101,478 passengers.
Ciprian Tănasă is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Abraham Gneki Guié is a member of the Ivory Coast Olympic football team.
The European route E70 connects with Alexandria.
Li Weijun is a member of the sports team South China AA.
Gareth Hopkins is a footballer who plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Janet Beecher is a cast member in "Judge Hardy's Children."
The patron saint of Manta, Ecuador, is Paul the Apostle.
The Scottish Football League First Division season starts in August.
Kendrick Cross is a cast member in Iron Man 3.
Georgi Bizhev is a member of the sports team FC Dorostol Silistra.
Jamiat Ul Mominat is located in Hyderabad, India.
"Auf dem Wasser zu singen" is a piece in A-flat minor.
Commerzbank's total assets are 480,500,000,000 euros.
Daryl Sattler was a member of the Minnesota United FC from 2010 to 2016.
Alban Bushi is a member of the sports team PFC Litex Lovech.
Gradefes has a population increase of +1028.
Ramon Menezes is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Donaldo González is a member of the Panama national football team.
Saied Reza Ameli was a student of Ehsan Shahghasemi.
The Turkey women's national volleyball team participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League.
Eswatini's inflation rate is 17.8 percent.
The Kitigan River has an elevation of 226 metres above sea level.
DQ Herculis has an epoch of J2000.0.
The Everlovin' World of Eddy Arnold is a work or name in the English language.
George Van Hoomissen was educated at the University of Virginia.
Joel Pinto is a member of the sports team Sport Huancayo.
Burkina Faso's nominal GDP per capita is $291 USD.
The Paphos District includes Choulou.
Robin Williams was a cast member in the film Shrink.
José Semedo, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of the sports team Apollon Limassol FC.
Ruslan Okhtov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Faenza Cathedral is located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faenza-Modigliana.
Diamantina Airport serves an area with patronage code +4334.
Yuri Razuvaev has an Elo rating of +2540.
Bert Badger is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Dmitri Sheremetev is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Dexter McCluster is 173 centimetres tall.
Abbey Lee Kershaw has blue eyes.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 169.
The Maluku Islands are described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Lee Hee-joon is a cast member in the drama "Legend of the Blue Sea."
Nagaoka Station is adjacent to Miyauchi Station in Niigata.
Lucius Shepard was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Jean Leurechon is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Kaimar Saag is a member of the sports team Silkeborg IF.
Sir John Pelham, 3rd Baronet, was a member of the Cavalier Parliament.
István Szekér is a member of the sports team MTK Budapest FC.
The chairperson of the Agency for Cultural Affairs is Masanori Aoyagi.
NGC 7822 has a right ascension of +0.28575 degrees.
The Nyon District contains the administrative territorial entity of Vich, Switzerland.
Luxembourg has a Human Development Index of +0.872.
Tiraque Province has an elevation of 3887 metres above sea level.
Kosmos 2449 was involved in a significant rocket launch event.
Tim Smyczek plays tennis right-handed.
Barlieu is led by its mayor.
The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum attracts approximately 150,000 visitors per year.
Nissim Barda is a member of the sports team Shimshon Tel Aviv F.C.
Matthew Upson is a member of the sports team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Nuuk Stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Epsilon Lupi is a spectroscopic binary star.
Archil Sakhvadze is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
Dean Mason is a member of the sports team Chesham United F.C.
Atlas, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 345 meters above sea level.
Sherrod Brown holds the position of United States representative.
Hatagaya Station has a daily patronage of 301,160 passengers.
West Chang'an Avenue has a speed limit of 70 kilometres per hour.
Marco Martini is a member of the sports team Frosinone Calcio.
The Soyuz TMA-11 mission involved a significant rocket launch.
Rab Shannon is a member of the sports team Hibernian F.C.
Ekene Ikenwa is a member of the sports team Persekabpas Pasuruan.
Gilbert de Moravia is described in the Dictionary of National Biography, published between 1885 and 1900.
Eugene H. Merrill was a member of the American Oriental Society.
Wuzhou Avenue station is located in the China Standard Time time zone.
Alessandro Iandoli is a member of the sports team FC Concordia Basel.
Nikolai Berdyaev holds the academic degree of Doctor of Divinity.
Olivier Boumelaha is a member of the sports team Al-Ittihad Club in Jeddah.
George King, a footballer born in 1923, was a member of Port Vale F.C.
Vladimir Gerasimov, a footballer born in 1975, is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Simon Feindouno is a member of the sports team Al-Shaab CSC.
Sergei Nechay is a member of the sports team FC Kuzbass Kemerovo.
Quintanilla de la Mata has a population of 147.
Theodore Bikel was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Patrick J. Kennedy held the position of United States representative.
Hubert Ashton is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jóhann Laxdal is a member of the Iceland national football team.
Cyril Collard won the César Award for Best First Feature Film.
TAM Airlines Flight 3054 operates in the Spanish language.
Mark Bentley is a member of the sports team Enfield 1893 F.C.
Fred Coe was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing in a Drama Series.
Emiliano Mondonico coaches U.C. AlbinoLeffe.
Mario Adorf received the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Xu Xin's current ranking in table tennis is +2.
Lin-Manuel Miranda won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.
Pavlo Sirotin is a member of the sports team PFC Nyva Ternopil.
The Dutch East India Company owned the ship Mauritius, which was built in 1618.
Jennifer Raab was educated at Cornell University.
Jim Les is a member of the sports team CB Salamanca.
Dmitri Kirichenko is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
Cagua Volcano has an elevation of 1,160 metres above sea level.
"A Stitch for Time" has a duration of 53 minutes.
Henry McStay is a member of the Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team.
The Yelovaya River has a watershed area of 6,230 square kilometers.
Anna Behlmer was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Marlone is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Marvin Braun is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
Eduard Nalbandyan was awarded the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Gregory the Great.
Pyeongchon station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
The chairperson of the National Audit Office (China) is Li Jinhua.
Floyd Little's height is 70 inches.
Gerda Madsen is a cast member in "En mand af betydning."
Juliette Welfling won the César Award for Best Editing.
The Awakening (2011 film) has a FSK 12 rating.
Ethiopia's inflation rate is 35.9 percent.
Arif Asadov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Lance Frazier is a member of the Seattle Seahawks sports team.
King's School station is adjacent to Logan station (PAAC).
Tiltonsville, Ohio has an elevation of 204 meters above sea level.
Apostol Muzac is a member of the sports team FCSB II.
Anne Vyalitsyna is partnered with Adam Levine.
Chris Fusaro is a member of the Scotland national under-19 rugby union team.
Blagny is headed by a mayor.
Jérôme Scolan is a member of the sports team Sporting Club Toulon.
Stuart Townsend voices Robot Chicken.
Heinz Barmettler was a member of the Switzerland national under-21 football team.
Girolamo di Benvenuto has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
Swadic Sanudi is a member of the Dynamos F.C. soccer team in South Africa.
Raymont Harris is a member of the Green Bay Packers sports team.
Nasopur has an elevation of 268 metres above sea level.
Telve di Sopra shares a border with Palù del Fersina.
Allan Michaelsen is a member of the sports team FC Nantes.
Tony Godden is a member of the sports team Luton Town F.C.
Brimbank Park has an elevation of 58 metres above sea level.
Brentford Urban District is located in the United Kingdom.
José Gonçalves is a footballer who plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Enzo Biliotti is a cast member in the production "Saluti e baci."
Bimo Fakja is a member of the sports team FK Partizani Tirana.
Claude Bernard University Lyon 1 has a subsidiary called LIRIS.
Beaverlick, Kentucky, is situated at an elevation of 751 feet above sea level.
Arthur Space was a cast member in the 1948 film "I Love Trouble."
Amy Harrison is a member of the Australia women's national soccer team.
Hickory, Mississippi has an elevation of 100 meters above sea level.
Steve Mardenborough is a member of the sports team Stafford Rangers F.C.
Indiana State Road 165 is 17.172 miles long.
Silvia Grijalba won the Fernando Lara Novel Award.
Alfian Eko Prasetya participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2011 BWF World Junior Championships.
Wildhorse Creek is located in Oklahoma.
Nur County contains the administrative territorial entity of Chamestan District.
Michele Marconi is a member of the sports team Calcio Lecco 1912.
Steve Scarsone is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
McCoy, Oregon is located at an elevation of 167 feet above sea level.
Jimmy Dyer is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Taipei has a population of 2,616,375.
Chanute Martin Johnson Airport is located at an elevation of 1002 feet above sea level.
Service Corporation International owns Fort Lincoln Cemetery.
La Jumellière has a population of 987.
Rabiu Ibrahim is a member of the Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Carlos Hermosillo is a member of the Mexico national football team.
Taryn Manning is a cast member of Lucky 13.
Michael Redd was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science is a member of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association.
Lormes is headed by a mayor.
Phil Housley is a member of the Buffalo Sabres sports team.
Denis Cauchi is a member of the sports team Floriana F.C.
Steve Redmond is a member of the England national under-19 football team.
Varga Katalin Secondary School has a student count of 520.
San Gaspar Ixchil has an elevation of 1,531 metres above sea level.
Gordon R. Dickson was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Novel.
John Hayls works in London.
Marseille Provence Airport has a patronage of 8,182,237 passengers.
Craig Dove is a member of the sports team Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Abuda, a footballer born in 1986, is a member of the Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube.
Oktisi is located in the Central European Time zone.
Yukiko Iwai is a voice actress who cast in "Case Closed: The Fourteenth Target."
Leandro Simioni is a member of the sports team Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C.
Multiverse Music was founded in 2004.
Mills Township in Bond County, Illinois, has an elevation of 154 meters above sea level.
Grand Case-Espérance Airport serves an area with a patronage of +192,285.
Adriano Gerlin da Silva is a member of the sports team Clube Náutico Capibaribe.
Sheremetyevo International Airport's total revenue is 28,504,500,000 Russian rubles.
Lorenzo Insigne is a member of the sports team Delfino Pescara 1936.
Serra Nova Dourada has an elevation of 257 meters above sea level.
Osas Saha is a member of the sports team Sriwijaya F.C.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2011-12 Cypriot First Division.
Joni Fuller participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
Finland has a population of 5,165,474.
Paul Fitzpatrick is a member of the sports team Preston North End F.C.
Paradise Dam is located on the Burnett River.
Timothy Hutton is a cast member in "The Alphabet Killer."
Moisy is headed by a mayor.
Hassan Akesbi is a member of the sports team Stade de Reims.
The Montenegro national football team has a ranking of +46.
Billings County in North Dakota has a population increase of 904.
Tennant Creek Airport serves a patronage of 22,885 people.
Holden Barina is a subclass of the Chevrolet Aveo (T200).
The mean anomaly of the asteroid 138 Tolosa is +245.479625483885 degrees.
Kiril Dzhorov is a member of the sports team FC Metalurg Pernik.
Estes Brook in Minnesota has an elevation of 1050 feet above sea level.
Dave Morgan participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics as a weightlifter.
Adeshina Lawal is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland.
The Dort Federal Credit Union Event Center has a maximum capacity of 6,469.
Plaza de Cibeles connects with Paseo del Prado.
The Scandinavian Festival takes place in the United States.
Jess Todd is a member of the Memphis Redbirds sports team.
Paul Siebert is a member of the sports team Norfolk Tides.
Marshall Wayne participated in the men's 10 metre platform diving at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Peter Honess won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing.
The Mersey River in Nova Scotia is a tributary of the Atlantic Ocean.
Antony Gormley contributed to the creative work or subject of "Magna Carta (An Embroidery)."
Fraunhofer Portugal is a subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Society.
Clay Armstrong is a winner of the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
Alexander Corro is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Sarmiento.
Michelle Hendry participated in the 2003 Pan American Games.
Chris Pantale has a mass of 255 pounds.
Office Open XML includes the Office Open XML Spreadsheet Document, which corresponds to ECMA-376 1st Edition.
The female population of Pudukkottai Village has increased by 592.
Geoffrey of Monmouth consecrated Walter.
Vyacheslav Ponomarev is a footballer who plays for PFK Metallurg Bekabad.
Bert Askson is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Inongo Territory is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Adam Oates has participated in a total of 1,337 matches, races, or starts.
The Brent London Borough Council elections take place in the United Kingdom.
Otto Maria Carpeaux spoke, wrote, or signed in Portuguese.
Alexandre Moreno is a member of the sports team FC Sète 34.
The 1995 film "Underground" has a FSK 16 rating.
Ana Borges is a member of the Chelsea F.C. Women sports team.
The population of Polerady, which is part of the Prague-East District, is +215.
Joseph Noulens held the position of Minister of Finance.
Lindesberg Municipality has a population of 23,590.
Max Jones was drafted by the Anaheim Ducks in ice hockey.
The Teutsche Academie was published in Nuremberg.
Pascal Mariini is a member of the sports team Stade Brestois 29.
Honey Brook, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 738 feet above sea level.
Otto Addo is a member of the sports team Borussia Dortmund.
Kaisa Varis participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Imogen Bankier participated in the 2005 IBF World Championships Women's Doubles.
Anthem, West Virginia, is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Jan Kalvoda is the chairperson of the Civic Democratic Alliance.
Sandeep Lamichhane is a member of the Delhi Capitals sports team.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 has an ortholog called CG11034.
Hino S'elega is manufactured by Hino Motors.
The Shilka River is 560 kilometres long.
Oleksandr Pikhur is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal-2 Kyiv.
Rosa Schapire is described in Hamburg Biographies.
Tom Baker provided a voice acting role in Star Wars Rebels.
Grégory Ursule is a member of the sports team FC Gueugnon.
Antimony Peak has an elevation of 6851 feet above sea level.
Poul Anderson was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story.
Asthma is associated with genetic variations in the IRF1-AS1 gene.
Telma Santos participated in the Women's doubles event at the 2006 Portugal Badminton Championships.
Philips Plaza has 8 elevators.
Bill Godley is a member of the sports team Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Bella Villa, Missouri has a population of 729.
Kervens Belfort is a member of the sports team Tempête FC.
Jay Johnstone is a member of the New York Yankees sports team.
Charles Stenholm held the position of United States representative.
The 45th World Science Fiction Convention had an attendance of 4,009.
Dave Yovanovits is a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
Zheng Zhi is a member of the sports team Celtic F.C.
Naraguchi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Elena Nozdran participated in the 1999 IBF World Championships in Women's Singles.
General Luna, Quezon has a population of 16,526.
Matej Hradecky is a member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
The South Ferry station (IRT elevated) connects with the IRT Ninth Avenue Line.
Alan Foggon is a member of the sports team Hartlepool United F.C.
Mimosa tenuiflora has fruits of the silique type.
Montecristi, Ecuador, is situated at an elevation of 140 metres above sea level.
Xi Telescopii has a parallax of +12.6 milliarcseconds.
Borislav Karamatev is a member of the sports team FC Lyubimets.
Brian O'Callaghan is a member of the sports team Limerick F.C.
Jon Barwise's doctoral advisor was Solomon Feferman.
Roddy Collins is a member of the sports team Dundalk F.C.
The Minden Museum Railway operates on a standard-gauge railway track.
The Sunday Pops Series consists of 7 episodes.
David O. Russell won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The Lech river has an elevation above sea level of 400 meters.
Stephen Gough played for the football club Shamrock Rovers F.C.
John McGrane is a member of the Canada men's national soccer team.
Acropustulosis is a type of acrodermatitis.
The Sea Cloud has a beam of +14.90 metres.
The Tobu Isesaki Line connects with the Utsunomiya Line.
Yury Astravukh is a member of the sports team FC Minsk.
Yevgeni Skachkov is a footballer who plays for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
The Thelon River has a discharge of 840 cubic meters per second.
Ludwig van Beethoven was sponsored by Count Moritz von Fries.
PU Puppis has a parallax of +5.6667 milliarcseconds.
Niamien Rodolph Amessan is a member of the sports team G.D. Tourizense.
Jon Brady is a member of the sports team Cambridge United F.C.
The Cikawalon River is located at an elevation of 190 metres above sea level.
Gareth Griffiths is a footballer who is a member of Port Vale F.C.
The Chamai Maru Chet Bridge is located on Thanon Phitsanulok.
Robert Bartczak is a member of the Poland national under-16 football team.
Nicky Salapu is a member of the sports team Mitra Kukar F.C.
Diego Barrera is a member of the San Fernando Valley Quakes sports team.
Alessandro Agostini is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
Giorgos Messalas is a cast member in the production "My Daughter, the Socialist."
FC Shurtan Guzar owns G'uzor Stadium.
Pennsdale, Pennsylvania has an elevation of 535 feet above sea level.
Sand Dollars was nominated for the IFFR audience award.
Andy Mulliner is a member of the sports team Accrington Stanley F.C.
Adilcevaz has a population of 30,376.
Murat Suyumagambetov is a member of the sports team FC Ordabasy.
Shlomi Dahan is a member of the sports team Borussia Dortmund.
Hollywood Game Night has four seasons.
Yost, Utah is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
The population of Auhagen is 1,294.
Cunard Line owns MV Britannic (1929).
Rodrigo Riquelme is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Palestino.
Planinica (Mionica) has an elevation of 559 metres above sea level.
Asterix appears in the work "Asterix and the Falling Sky."
Evgeny Sveshnikov has an Elo rating of 2515.
Golden Gate National Recreation Area is designated as an IUCN category V protected landscape/seascape.
James Horner was nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
Lanzhou Zhongchuan International Airport serves a patronage area of +1,281,644 people.
Robin Scherbatsky is partnered with Kevin Venkataraghavan.
Dayton, Virginia, has an elevation of 367 meters above sea level.
Francisco Candel Tortajada is a relative of Juan Genovés.
Alain Behi is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Matsumoto Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Abdul Sattar Edhi received the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize.
Stephen Grant is a footballer who plays for Galway United F.C.
Stefan Kolev is a member of the sports team OFC Spartak Pleven.
Luigi Anaclerio is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
Wings of the Morning, a 1919 film, has a duration of 60 minutes.
José Luis Deus is a member of the Spain national under-20 football team.
Francesco Brioschi was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Cristian Gabriel Chávez is a member of the sports team PAS Giannina F.C.
Aloysius Wleh Penie is a member of the sports team RC Bafoussam.
The mean anomaly of 1389 Onnie is +347.15253 degrees.
Gitega Province has an elevation of 1,647 meters above sea level.
Olga Vasyukova is 170 centimeters tall.
Sergey Armishev is a member of the sports team FC Zvezda Perm.
Ramsey, Minnesota has an elevation of 268 meters above sea level.
Mönkhkhairkhan Mountain has an elevation of 4231 metres above sea level.
Ben Johnson, an outfielder, is a member of the San Diego Padres baseball team.
Katra Sambili was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Willy Boly is a member of the France national under-19 football team.
Florian Faure is a member of the rugby team Oyonnax Rugby.
Emmanuel Cerda is a member of the sports team Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Roma Trastevere railway station is adjacent to Roma San Pietro railway station.
Michael Armstrong, a politician, served in the British Army.
Kings Mountain, Kentucky, has an elevation of 1,178 feet above sea level.
Valeri Burlachenko is a member of the sports team FC Rotor Volgograd.
Yelluru Shri Vishweshwara Temple is located in India.
Tootsie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Burlington International Airport serves the city of Burlington, Vermont.
Baengma station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
The Chiltern Hills have an elevation of 267 metres above sea level.
Desmond Howard is a member of the Detroit Lions sports team.
Nagatoro Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Crystal Lee Sutton is the winner of the Pacem in Terris Award.
Rafael Sánchez Mazas was interested in Madrid.
Alex McCulloch is a footballer who plays for Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Daniel Koffi-Konan is a member of the sports team AC Arles-Avignon.
Jeff Tutuana is a member of the sports team Ayia Napa FC.
Harilyn Rousso is featured on the WikiProject Human Rights focus list.
Patrik Wozniacki is a member of the sports team Hvidovre IF.
Oscar Engsund's mass was +198 pounds.
Maksym Vasilyev is a member of the Kolss Cycling Team.
José Gutiérrez de la Vega's second family name in his Spanish name is de la Vega.
Kameron Loe is a member of the Atlanta Braves sports team.
Nishikioka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Johnny Woodly is a member of the sports team Brujas F.C.
Idaho State Highway 13 is located within the Nez Perce National Forest.
Stanislav Rudenko is a member of the sports team FC SKA Rostov-on-Don.
Terence Jeffers-Harris is a member of the Calgary Stampeders sports team.
Jack Broome plays for the Wigan Warriors rugby league team.
Isle of Man Airport has a patronage of 22,764.
Clay County, Mississippi is different from Clay County, South Dakota.
Justin Hampson is a member of the San Diego Padres sports team.
Richard Agar is a member of the sports team Widnes Vikings.
Ioannis Kanotidis is a member of the sports team Kalamata F.C.
Aki Toyosaki voices the character in the anime Spice and Wolf.
Virtua Fighter 2 has an eSRB rating of Teen.
Franz Michelberger is a member of the sports team SV Eintracht Trier 05.
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport is located at an elevation of 661 feet above sea level.
Costa Rica has a population of approximately 2,052,076.
That '70s Show (season 1) has 25 episodes.
The Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Steve McAlpine was educated at Maryknoll Seminary.
Bruno Pereirinha is a member of the sports team Club Athletico Paranaense.
Osiris Shoes produces clothing.
Patrik Gerrbrand is a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team.
Aleksandr Kurnayev is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda.
Chandelle Estates Airport is located 7 metres above sea level.
Freddie Guest is known as The Right Honourable.
Ryszard Skrobek has an Elo rating of +2360.
György Molnár is a member of the New York Giants soccer team.
Burke Dales is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers sports team.
Alfred Abel was a cast member in the production "Rasputin, the Holy Sinner."
Stefano Botta is a member of the sports team FC Lugano.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos is a member of the sports team Al-Arabi SC in Qatar.
John McGrath, an Irish footballer, is a member of Tamworth F.C.
The Jake Jabs College of Business and Entrepreneurship is located in Bozeman, Montana.
National Highway 143A in India is approximately 71 kilometers long.
Dimechaux's head of government is the Mayor of Dimechaux.
Mérida, Yucatán is twinned with the municipality of Iguala de la Independencia.
Frank Shu won the Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics.
Bart Simpson owns Santa's Little Helper.
Isao Yoneda participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The population of Chevry-en-Sereine is 516.
Team Stronach is aligned with right-wing politics.
The Indian Journal of Palliative Care is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution–NonCommercial-ShareAlike license.
Victor P. Whittaker was a doctoral advisor to Thomas C. Südhof.
Offenburg has a population of 50,554.
Arne Zwaig has an Elo rating of +2439.
Uran Kalilov participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tanzania's inflation rate is 11.3 percent.
Vladislav Zhuk is a member of the sports team FC Slutsk.
Colorectal cancer is associated with genetic variations in the ALOX12 gene.
Scott Willis is a footballer who is a member of Droylsden F.C.
The Campus Antiwar Network operates in the United States.
Edith Wharton is known for her notable work "Roman Fever."
Birdsville has a population of 140.
Carlos Portaluppi is a cast member of Whisky Romeo Zulu.
Pokémon Gold and Silver are distributed on ROM cartridges.
The Fo Shan Ting Da Bo Gong Temple is located in Singapore.
Tommy Hall, the cyclist, is buried at Abney Park Cemetery.
Petter Andersson is a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team.
George Francomb is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
Mohamad Fares, a footballer born in 1990, is a member of Al-Karkh SC.
Homer, Minnesota is located in the Central Time Zone.
Kirishima-Onsen Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Ernest Rutherford was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Gerhard Unger is described by the source in the BEIC Digital Library.
Pilip Vaitsiakhovich is a member of the sports team Assyriska FF.
The Little Alps in Oregon have an elevation of 6,457 feet above sea level.
Ellen Burstyn is a cast member in the film "For Those Who Think Young."
Barnard's Star has an effective temperature of 3286 kelvin.
Johann Ludwig Bleuler worked in Scheveningen.
David Brightwell is a member of the sports team Chester City F.C.
Willie Stevenson is a member of the sports team Liverpool F.C.
Spain has an average life expectancy of 82.4756 years.
Dmitry Karbyshev is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Eric Johnstone is a member of the sports team South Shields F.C.
The Mayor of Jallerange holds the office of head of government.
Big Mountain in Oklahoma has an elevation of 1,145 feet above sea level.
Bruno Gramaglia is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli.
Pavel Kondrakhin is a member of the sports team Ulisses FC.
Salvador Artigas is a member of the sports team Union sportive du Mans.
Kyle Lohse is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Kubay Quaiyan is a member of the sports team PSSB Bireuen.
Simone Bentivoglio is a member of the sports team Modena F.C. 2018.
Giampietro Puppi is described by a source in the BEIC Digital Library.
Didier Angan is a member of the Ivory Coast national football team.
Jennifer Hale voices the character in "Tak and the Power of Juju."
Brooks, Wisconsin has an elevation of 951 feet above sea level.
Miller Memorial Airpark is located at an elevation of 2249 feet above sea level.
Dehradun Airport serves a patronage area with an approximate population of +92,291.
Mount Desert Island's highest point is Cadillac Mountain.
Frank Wilczek is the winner of the Lilienfeld Prize.
Trayon Bobb is a member of the sports team Morvant Caledonia United.
Gilles Rampillon is a member of the sports team FC Nantes.
Bert Sakmann is a winner of the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.
West Midland Safari Park keeps California sea lions as part of its species collection.
Midvale Center station is adjacent to Historic Sandy station.
Lee Hyun-jin is a footballer who plays for Jeju United FC.
DS Andromedae has an apparent magnitude of +9.481.
Elionar Bombinha is a member of the sports team Ituano FC.
Alexias is from the time period of classical antiquity.
Abdul Osman is a member of the sports team Gretna F.C.
Arthur Nugent is a member of the sports team Darlington F.C.
The Humpbacked Horse, a 1947 film, has a duration of 57 minutes.
Montecarlo, West Virginia, is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Lamberto V. Avellana is married to Daisy Avellana.
Int'Air Îles is a member of the Vanilla Alliance airline alliance.
Gábor Gerstenmájer is a member of the sports team FC Baden.
Jacques Anquetil won the 1969 Tour of the Basque Country.
Vadym Shakhraychuk is a member of the sports team Metallurg Magnitogorsk.
Ebitimi Agogu is a member of the sports team Bayelsa United F.C.
Jacques Ciron is a cast member in The Lottery of Happiness.
Ricardo Lopes de Oliveira is a member of the sports team América Futebol Clube (RN).
Dubai International Airport serves a patronage of 23,607,507 passengers.
Javier Umbides is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
Andrey Kolmogorov had Yuri Prokhorov as a student.
Scandia, Kansas has an elevation of 439 meters above sea level.
The Marlow Award is conferred by the Royal Society of Chemistry, Faraday Division.
Shawclough and Healey railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Harvey Island has an area of 0.07 square kilometres.
Lee Pearson participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics.
Cotton, Minnesota has an elevation of 1,329 feet above sea level.
The asteroid 138 Tolosa has an orbital eccentricity of +0.162072658521988.
Omicron Persei has a right ascension of +56.07971683 degrees.
Roads and Maritime Services owns the Milsons Point ferry wharf.
Kurt Van Dooren is a member of the sports team Lierse S.K.
Essendon Airport has a patronage of +18836.
Albert Smithson is a member of the sports team Scarborough F.C.
The Country Girl (1915 film) has an aspect ratio of 4:3.
The population of Eppingen is 14,645.
Cumberland, Edmonton has an elevation of 685 metres above sea level.
Billy Crystal was nominated for the TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Movies, Miniseries and Specials.
The population of Lhuis is 910.
Matthew Hittinger was influenced by Alice Fulton.
Diego Perotti is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors.
Guarino Guarini is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Santa Coloma de Queralt has 153 households.
The List of Named Passenger Trains of Indonesia is a Wikimedia list article.
Pomquet Lake is located 5 metres above sea level.
Lolobau Island has an area of 56 square kilometres.
Valentin Dartilov is a member of the sports team OFC Pirin Blagoevgrad.
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC participated in the 2002–03 Cypriot First Division.
Daniel Nettelbladt is described in the New Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The Visp District contains the administrative territorial entity of Baltschieder.
The population of Poth, Texas is 1,850.
Andrew Hamilton plays for the Norths Devils rugby league team.
DU Stadium is home to the Denver Pioneers.
Pavel Sitko is a member of the sports team FC Rechitsa-2014.
José Espinal is a member of the sports team ASD FBC Saronno 1910.
Thomas M. Norwood held the position of United States representative.
John Jaramillo is a member of the Colombia national under-20 football team.
Clarence Mitchell Jr. is the focus of the WikiProject Human Rights on Wikimedia.
The population of Valle del Retortillo is 184.
The University of Regensburg is a member of the Confederation of Open Access Repositories.
Amanda Leighton is a cast member in the American TV series The Fosters.
Pine Hills, Florida, has an elevation of 112 feet above sea level.
The list of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson episodes in 1985 includes 182 episodes.
Simon Feindouno is a member of the sports team FC Istres.
Aleksander Solli is a member of the Norway national under-18 football team.
Bruno Grassi is a member of the sports team G.D. Tourizense.
The 2019 Strade Bianche Women race had Valcar Cylance 2019 as one of the participating teams.
Steve Ball, a footballer born in 1973, was a member of the sports team Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.
St. Francis, Minnesota, is located at an elevation of 280 meters above sea level.
Roy Greenwood, a footballer born in 1952, was a member of Swindon Town F.C.
Dr. Jay Loeffler was educated at Williams College.
Ludovic Gotin weighs 70 kilograms.
Deon Burton is a member of the sports team Worcester City F.C.
Scott Wilson, a footballer born in 1982, is a member of Brechin City F.C.
Laurie Brown played for the football team Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C.
Nana Smith plays with a two-handed forehand.
Font Mountain has a topographic prominence of 213 metres.
The novel "Victory" is in the public domain.
Ben Roy Mottelson is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Randsfjorden Line terminates at Drammen Station.
Alipore Jail is designated as a KMC Heritage Building Grade I.
The male population at Greenhills Beach in New South Wales is +410.
Sony Pictures owns Animax Spain.
Francesco Benussi is a member of the sports team Hellas Verona F.C.
Michael Cacoyannis was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director.
Fernando Zunzunegui is a member of the Spain national under-18 football team.
The orbital inclination of 704 Interamnia is +17.29 degrees.
Laluenga has a population of 194.
Richard Whorf was a cast member in the film Blues in the Night.
Colorado State Highway 136 is approximately 4.469 miles long.
Sakhalin Energy's total revenue is +314,878,300,000 Russian rubles.
"Tales from Northumberland with Robson Green" has three seasons.
Aleksei Yurishchev is a member of the sports team FC Khimik-Arsenal.
Lanyu Airport serves 4,740 passengers.
Keezhuvaipur is located in the UTC + 05:30 time zone.
David Izazola is a member of the sports team San Luis F.C.
Mark Charnock is a cast member of Emmerdale.
Marc Mboua is a member of the sports team AS Real Bamako.
Steve Phillips, a footballer born in 1954, was a member of Torquay United F.C.
The Ilyushin Il-38 is powered by Ivchenko AI-20 engines.
Alexandru Iacob is a member of the sports team FC Corvinul Hunedoara.
Fukuoka Prefecture owns Fukuoka Prefectural Road Route 706.
Marco Barbo held the position of diocesan bishop.
Aiken Regional Airport is located 161 metres above sea level.
The Group of Thirty is sponsored by Mizuho Financial Group.
Dragan Stojkov is a member of the sports team Indy Eleven.
Stuart Wardley is a member of the sports team Saffron Walden Town F.C.
The Administration Complex Station is located in the time zone of South Korea.
Pomarkku has a population of 2,316.
Mario Danailov is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad.
Camp de Tarragona railway station connects to the Trenhotel service.
Maksym Khvorost participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dahntay Jones is a member of the Indiana Pacers basketball team.
Caetano Calil is a member of the sports team ACF Fiorentina.
Boonoo Boonoo National Park has an elevation of 991 metres above sea level.
Savant Lake is a lake with an elevation of 397 meters above sea level.
Huancayo Province has a population of 545,615.
Galicia, Spain, has a population of approximately 2,767,524.
Ydes is led by a mayor.
Alonso Piola is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio.
Ethnikos Latsion FC participated in the 2015--16 Cypriot Third Division.
Wilfred Lucas is a cast member in the film "They Drive by Night."
Ilham Jaya Kesuma is a member of the sports team MPPJ Selangor F.C.
Matteo Moschetti is a member of the Kometa Cycling Team.
James Scowcroft is a member of the sports team Ipswich Town F.C.
Adauto Neto is a member of the sports team Rochester Rhinos.
Punakha District contains the administrative territorial entity Shenga Bjime Gewog.
Tipishsa Airport is located at an elevation of 783 feet above sea level.
Ishmel Demontagnac is a member of the sports team Walsall F.C.
Alfonso de Santa Cruz held the position of auxiliary bishop.
Braunschweig is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Cenicientos has increased by 2110.
Gamma Centauri has an effective temperature of 9082 kelvin.
The Erlspitze Group has an elevation of 2405 meters above sea level.
Erik Adlerz participated in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Yavorsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Johnny Carey is a member of the sports team Middlesbrough F.C.
Chris Kaman is a member of the Portland Trail Blazers basketball team.
Goryushino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time time zone.
Guido Reybrouck is a member of the cycling team Smith's.
Abukuma Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
The 1995 Peters International tournament was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Acadia Lake is located at an elevation of 55 metres above sea level.
The Hunters (1958 film) has a FSK 12 rating.
Lake Mistassini has the Chalifour River as one of its tributaries.
Mirco Bergamasco is a member of the Italy national rugby union team.
Billy Felton is a member of the sports team Altrincham F.C.
Albert Meijeringh worked in Paris.
Kiyose Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Geoff Pike is a member of the sports team Hendon F.C.
The population of Vodice in the Tábor District is 209.
"The Best of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy" is a work in the English language.
The 2007 Greek forest fires occurred in the Peloponnese region.
Manuel Turchi is 181 centimeters tall.
Alexis Denisof is a cast member of the TV series Justice League.
The Worms--Bingen Stadt railway uses standard-gauge tracks.
AEM Mesogis participated in the 2001-02 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Stuart Law is a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club.
Tandooreh National Park is a national park of Iran.
Amin Affane is a member of the Sweden national under-19 football team.
Garrett Morris is a cast member of The Stuff.
Ihor Kostyuk is a member of the sports team FC Arsenal Kyiv.
Hochheim station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Mohd Faiz Subri is a member of the sports team Kelantan FA.
Iain Flannigan is a member of the sports team Alloa Athletic F.C.
Carlos Diogo is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Sofia.
Martin Lanig is a member of the sports team APOEL FC.
Ron Smith, a defensive back, is a member of the Chicago Bears.
Gogrial Airport is located at an elevation of 416 metres above sea level.
Jan Schulmeister is a member of the sports team SK Sigma Olomouc.
Xavier Adibi is a member of the Tennessee Titans football team.
Bridgestone Arena has a maximum capacity of 19,395.
Perry Tuttle is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The UFO Welcome Center is located in the United States.
Tanzania's inflation rate is 6.7 percent.
Soe Min Oo is a member of the Myanmar national under-23 football team.
Soslan Gatagov is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Moscow.
Armenian Airlines operates the Ilyushin Il-86.
Utah State Route 130 is approximately 43.076 miles long.
The Revillagigedo Islands have an elevation above sea level of 1,130 meters.
Mena Creek, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Hill.
Lloyd Corrigan is a cast member in "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World."
Henry Ezeh is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Ivalo Airport serves an area with a patronage code of +4768.
Hat Khanom is located in the administrative territorial entity of Taling Ngam within Mu Ko Thale Tai National Park.
Caitlyn Jenner is the winner of the James E. Sullivan Award.
Javier Casquero is a member of the sports team CD Toledo.
Eric Felton weighs 200 pounds.
The Semboku Rapid Railway is 14.3 kilometres long.
Robin Kay has works in the collection at the Alexander Turnbull Library.
Antonella Clerici is the presenter of Affari tuoi.
Yevgeni Chupin is a member of the sports team FC Sokol Saratov.
Jon Klemm is a member of the Quebec Nordiques sports team.
Mann Arts and Science Magnet Middle School is named after Horace Mann.
Petar Lakov is a member of the sports team FC Sportist Svoge.
Matthew Steenvoorden is a member of the sports team FC Dordrecht.
The film "Yes Man" has a FSK 6 rating.
Thomas Schlieter is a member of the sports team VfB Homberg.
The Texas Department of Transportation owns Farm to Market Road 649.
Paulista, a footballer born in 1979, is a member of Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.
Mikheil Potskhveria is a member of the sports team FC Zorya Luhansk.
Matt Lockwood is a member of the sports team Sutton United F.C.
Speedworks Motorsport was founded in 2005.
Mike Enriquez is a cast member of the Philippine Agenda.
Peter Laugesen is the winner of the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy.
Juninho Pernambucano was the statistical leader in the 2011 Qatar Crown Prince Cup.
Jens Dowe is a member of the sports team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Bert Hoyle is a member of the sports team Exmouth Town F.C.
Ferenc Hámori is a member of the sports team Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Andé Dona Ndoh is a member of the sports team Luzenac AP.
Avril Lavigne won the Juno Award for Single of the Year.
Khayyam Metro Station is adjacent to Palestine Metro Station in the Mashhad Metro system.
The Belarus national football team is ranked +75.
Rho Geminorum has an apparent magnitude of +3.22.
Maxime Josse is a member of the sports team Stade Brestois 29.
Călărășeuca Stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Paddington 2 was filmed at Tower Bridge.
Chiquinho Baiano is a member of the sports team Niki Volou FC.
Southwick Priory is designated as a Scheduled Monument.
Fernando Peralta Carrasco is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Sean Evans stands at a height of 203 centimeters in basketball.
Paolo Ponzo is a member of the sports team Savona F.B.C.
Crescente Errázuriz consecrated Eduardo Gimpert Paut.
Gamil Agamaliev has an Elo rating of +2515.
Perry, Florida has an elevation of 14 meters above sea level.
The Bodie Hills have an elevation of 2,871 metres above sea level.
The 1892-93 Football League scored a total of +936 points, goals, or set scores.
Horta Airport serves a patronage area with the phone number +5064.
Sabinópolis has an elevation of 714 meters above sea level.
Sigamary Diarra is a member of the sports team Valenciennes FC.
Jorge Silva, a footballer born in 1972, is a member of the U.S.C. Paredes sports team.
Swiss Federal Railways owns the Zofingen, Wässermattenweg Station.
Thomas Kruse is a member of the Germany national under-16 football team.
Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Filho is a member of the sports team Santa Helena Esporte Clube.
Sandgate, Queensland, is located at an elevation of 4 metres above sea level.
Scott Taylor, a footballer born in 1970, was a member of the sports team Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Enrique Parada is a member of the Bolivia national football team.
Tomasz Baliga is a member of the sports team Okocimski KS Brzesko.
Shea Stadium in Peoria, Illinois has a maximum capacity of 3,800.
Reinier Estpinan participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Birsa Munda Hockey Stadium has a maximum capacity of 5000 spectators.
The 312th Cavalry Regiment is based in the United States.
Davit G. Petrosian has an Elo rating of 2468.
Iyo-Nagahama Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of the sports team Manchester City W.F.C.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born in 1983, is a member of the sports team F.C. Aboumoslem.
Veenendaal Centrum railway station has two platform tracks.
Peace Sells was written by Dave Mustaine.
Rufus uses Windows 10 as its operating system.
Kurt Weill was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
Hiram Garcia was an executive producer of the film Shazam!.
Krasnokutsky District is located in the Samara Time zone.
The United States Marine Corps Reserve has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
The Doris Day Show consists of 128 episodes.
Don Strock weighs 220 pounds.
Yair Netanyahu follows a vegetarian lifestyle.
Deltora Quest 1 includes the part "The Shifting Sands."
Kostas Kapetanos is a member of the sports team A.E. Karaiskakis F.C.
Andrei Bugneac is a member of the sports team FC Rapid Ghidighici.
Jason Trifiro is a member of the sports team South Melbourne FC.
Baden, Switzerland, has a population of 19,175.
Hélder Barbosa is a member of the sports team S.C. Braga.
Javier Clemente is a member of the Spain national under-23 football team.
George Ford is a member of the England Saxons rugby union team.
Supreme, Louisiana, has an elevation of 488 metres above sea level.
Gabriel Zakuani is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
The population of Chok Chai District is 82,462.
Jan Balet works in Munich.
John Graham, a diplomat, is described in The National Cyclopaedia of American Biography.
Miguel Miranda is a member of the sports team Deportivo Wanka.
Tayacaja Province contains the administrative territorial entity Colcabamba District.
Christoph Martschinko is a member of the sports team SC Wiener Neustadt.
Qusay Habib is 180 centimeters tall.
Mahbubul Alam is a cricketer who plays for the Dhaka Dynamites team.
The orbital period of Soyuz 16 is approximately 89.2 minutes.
Amvrosios Papadopoulos is a member of the sports team Xanthi F.C.
The European route E52 primarily travels to Strasbourg.
The Allagash River is 105 kilometers long.
Daniel Pedro Minorelli is a member of the sports team ABC Futebol Clube.
Joe Kendrick, a footballer born in 1983, is a member of Bray Wanderers F.C.
U.S. Route 400 is part of the state highway system in Colorado.
Luis Monti is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Huracán.
Ernie Carless was a member of the Glamorgan County Cricket Club.
Bobb'e J. Thompson provided the voice for Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
Nikolai Olenikov is a member of the Russia national football team.
Jeffreys Bay's official language is Afrikaans.
Takeshi Kaga is a cast member in the film "The Emperor's Cook."
Graham Newton is a member of the sports team Worcester City F.C.
Koyaura Station is adjacent to Kure-Portopia Station.
Pratik Chaudhari is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 157.
Latvian Railways owns the Milzkalne Station.
Larisa Li is a member of the Kazakhstan women's national football team.
Pachakutiq in Puno has an elevation above sea level of 5000 meters.
Mohd Hasmawi Hassan is a member of the sports team Penang FA.
Ikema Island has an elevation of 28 meters above sea level.
Firestone Stadium was officially opened on January 1, 1925.
Daysville, Illinois has an elevation of 699 feet above sea level.
Peter Paul Rubens had Matthias Jansz van den Bergh as a student.
Cromer railway stations include Cromer Links Halt railway station.
Japan National Route 479 connects with Matsubara Route.
William Hakewill held the position of Member of the 1601 Parliament.
Clover Township in Clearwater County, Minnesota, is situated at an elevation of 385 meters above sea level.
The Kaulbachplatz station on the Nuremberg U-Bahn was officially opened on December 10, 2011.
Cristian Molinaro is 182 centimeters tall.
The population of Vega de Valcarce is 735.
San Luis, Argentina, is the category for people born there, specifically denoted as "Category:Births in San Luis, Argentina."
José Ramón Alexanko is a member of the Basque Country national football team.
Lisa Smith-Batchen is sponsored by The North Face.
Park Township in St. Joseph County, Michigan, has an elevation of 255 meters above sea level.
Niklas Andersson is a member of the Quebec Nordiques sports team.
Herbert Read was a winner of the Erasmus Prize.
Titus Kaphar is represented by the Jack Shainman Gallery.
Cecilie Pedersen, a Norwegian footballer, is a member of the sports team LSK Kvinner FK.
Zoumana Camara is a member of the sports team Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Henry Seniloli is a member of the Fiji Warriors sports team.
Linda Cardellini is a cast member of the show Freaks and Geeks.
Adam Kokoszka is 187 centimeters tall.
The Cosmos CE2F series is a type of midget submarine.
Emily Bett Rickards is a cast member of the TV series Supergirl.
Ray Semproch is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
William Morton is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Durham City A.F.C.
Bill Radovich was a member of the Detroit Lions.
Hatcher, West Virginia, is located at an elevation of 2028 feet above sea level.
Massimiliano Ammendola is a member of the sports team Crociati Noceto.
Ricardo Buitrago is a member of the Panama national football team.
Burgdorf, Switzerland, is located at an elevation of 533 meters above sea level.
Maastricht Randwyck railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Edwin Gorter is a member of the sports team FC Lugano.
Casey Jones (TV series) consists of 32 episodes.
Delfina de la Cruz is a relative of Francisco Antonio Pinto.
Benson, Vermont is situated at an elevation of 146 meters above sea level.
The asteroid 11885 Summanus has an orbital inclination of +19.41888 degrees.
Ebina Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Daniel Montenegro is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Independiente.
Mahela Jayawardene is a member of the sports team Kochi Tuskers Kerala.
The population of Bueng Sam Phan District is 67,692.
Jim Broadbent is a cast member in the film Bright Young Things.
Arturo Soria y Mata contributed to the creative work "El Progreso."
The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a member of Historic Hotels Worldwide.
Carlos Deltour participated in the men's coxswained pair rowing event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Ben Stiller is a cast member in "The Meyerowitz Stories."
The San Diego Public Library system includes the Otay Mesa-Nestor Branch Library.
The female population of Peterhead, South Australia, is +609.
Adam Nemec is a member of the sports team New York City FC.
Simone Malacarne is a member of the Italy national football C teams.
The film Malaya is 95 minutes long.
Cuiabá is headed by its mayor.
Boudry is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
The population of Anaya de Alba is 228.
Candaba in Pampanga has a population of 16,036.
Floyd County, Virginia, is the birthplace of Category:People from Floyd County, Virginia.
Pedro Correia, born in 1987, was a member of the Portugal national under-20 football team.
Biro-Biro, a footballer born in 1964, was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Tempe Pigott is a cast member in "Man of the Forest."
Charles Wills was a member of the 5th Parliament of Great Britain.
Antonio Moreno is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Mérida UD.
Vaigu is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saaremaa Parish.
Pavel Caicedo is a member of the sports team C.S. Emelec.
Bobby Locke was a member of the Cleveland Indians baseball team.
Pascal Millien is a member of the sports team Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Bobo Bola is a member of the sports team IFK Lidingö.
Mueang Prachinburi District contains the administrative territorial entity Mai Khet.
Roman Smishko is a member of the sports team FC Odessa.
Matteo Guarise participated in the pair skating event of the 2018 Rostelecom Cup.
Tatanagar Junction railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Steve Burton, a footballer born in 1983, is a member of Kettering Town F.C.
Paul Evans, a footballer born in 1973, was a member of the sports team Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Mikhail Ryzhov is a footballer who plays for FC Spartak Kostroma.
Davide Chiumiento is a member of the sports team FC Zürich.
Plamen Iliev, a footballer born in 1994, is a member of the sports team PFC Levski Sofia.
The Sunzha River has a discharge of 82.9 cubic meters per second.
Aris Limassol FC participated in the 2004-05 Cypriot First Division.
The population of Ban Thi Subdistrict is 9,525.
Pollux is a star with an apparent magnitude of +0.39.
Apulia contains the Metropolitan City of Bari.
ASC Diaraf plays at the home venue Stade de Diaraf.
Baskin, Louisiana has a population of 188.
Boykin, Alabama has an elevation of 128 feet above sea level.
The Justice Party of Turkey is categorized under the topic "Category:Justice Party (Turkey)."
Osvaldo Peretti is a member of the sports team Piacenza Calcio 1919.
Davit Benidze has an Elo rating of +2525.
Jim Hagan is a member of the Detroit Express sports team.
The Encanto/Central Avenue station is adjacent to the McDowell/Central Avenue station.
Angadipuram railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Honduras has an inflation rate of 15.7 percent.
Palazuelo de Vedija has a population of 272.
Lee Sharpe is a member of the sports team Manchester United F.C.
Alon Hazan is a member of the Israel national football team.
Nick Viergever is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
The population of Francheleins is 1,482.
Adam Shaiek is a member of the sports team Troyes AC.
Andromeda XXII is a satellite of the Triangulum Galaxy.
Detlef Schrempf won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award.
David Gerrold was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.
Seydou Koné is a member of the sports team ES Uzès Pont du Gard.
Alush Noga Stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,000.
Nicolaus Ferber is described in the 12th volume of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Food security is a focus of the WikiProject Human Rights.
The mean anomaly of 215 Oenone is +4.83020815415958 degrees.
Kentucky Route 242 is approximately 10.275 miles long.
Iris Tabeling participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2015 Swiss International Badminton Championships.
Nariyasu Yasuhara is a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate in Montevideo.
Teresina Airport serves an area with a patronage of +89035.
Fadia (gens) belongs to the main category Category:Fadii.
Liverpool John Lennon Airport has a patronage of 598,844 passengers.
David Nègre is a member of the sports team FC Aurillac Arpajon Cantal Auvergne.
The population of Espeja is 245.
Fredric Steinkamp was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.
Sergio Gori is a member of the Italy national football team.
Giulio Benso has works in the collection at the Nationalmuseum.
Roman Zozulya is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Sangrampur in Maharashtra is located at an elevation of 273 meters above sea level.
Printer, Kentucky, is located at an elevation of 673 feet above sea level.
Ben Stiller is a cast member in the film "While We're Young."
Alan Rawsthorne was a student of Lorne Betts.
Belén, Uruguay, has an elevation of 44 meters above sea level.
Ivan Lazhechnikov is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
The Lebanon national football team ranks +93 in the world.
Billy Konstantinidis is a member of the sports team Pierikos F.C.
Wolf Lake in New York is situated at an elevation of 462 metres above sea level.
The topic's main category for the 2010 League of Ireland First Division is Category:2010 League of Ireland First Division.
The Arctic Archipelago includes Ellesmere Island.
Mark Leiter is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
The 2015 La Madrid Challenge by La Vuelta had 88 participants.
The Principle of Moments was recorded at Rockfield Studios.
Alma, Texas has an elevation of 146 meters above sea level.
Nelson Carneiro is a signatory to the Constitution of Brazil.
The Southeastern Anatolia Region shares a border with the Mediterranean Region in Turkey.
The Joint Strike Fighter video game is set in Afghanistan.
Julian Symons was the winner of the Cartier Diamond Dagger award.
Brunei's inflation rate is 6 percent.
Virginia Madsen won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Acting Ensemble.
Éric Galliano is a cast member in A Soldier's Tale.
The solidus coin is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Utzenfeld has a population of 527.
Grasshoppers (Cavallette) is a film or TV show originally in the Italian language.
Mihai Gheonu is the head of government of Slobozia, Giurgiu.
Daowai District has an elevation of 119 metres above sea level.
Rolf Rasmussen is a cast member of the TV series Sommer.
Fielding, Iowa has an elevation of 1,394 feet above sea level.
Tarrawingee is located in the administrative territorial entity of Victoria, Australia.
Thomas Franck is a footballer who is a member of the SV Darmstadt 98 sports team.
Tawarada Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Christine Magnusson participated in the Women's doubles event at the 1992 Scottish Open Badminton Championships.
Tamazi Yenik is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Sukhumi.
Kwanchai Fuangprakob is a member of the Thailand national football team.
The Soviet submarine K-278 Komsomolets has a beam of 12.3 metres.
Semmangudi is located in the UTC + 05:30 time zone.
Jean-Marie Aubry is a member of the sports team Lille OSC.
Maksim Grigoryev, a footballer born in 1990, is a member of the Russia national under-21 football team.
Slatterys Lake is located 1 metre above sea level.
Valerie Adams participated in the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup.
The HSF Knossos Palace has a length of 214.0 metres.
Everard Mott Williams was a doctoral advisor to David Parnas.
Lyons, Georgia has an elevation of 73 meters above sea level.
Thunderhead Mountain has an elevation of 5,527 feet above sea level.
Asa Hartford is a member of the sports team Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Vadim Bolohan is a member of the sports team FC Nistru Otaci.
Marcel Duchamp was partnered with Maria Martins, who was an artist.
Arsen Balabekyan is a member of the sports team FC Kotayk.
Horacio Erpen is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Brusnica Velika has an elevation of 152 metres above sea level.
Harry Crane Perrin's archives are housed at McGill University Archives.
Mourtala Diakité is a member of the sports team Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C.
Beverly Yanez is a member of the sports team PK-35 Vantaa.
Mikhail Gorbachev received the Golden Plate Award.
Andy Bowman is a member of the sports team Tonbridge Angels F.C.
La Ricamarie is headed by its mayor.
Viktor Melnyk is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
In "Postman Pat: The Movie," Robin Atkin Downes voices the character.
Clark Masters is a member of the sports team Redbridge F.C.
April Wine was nominated for the Juno Award for Group of the Year.
Steve Arnold, a footballer born in 1951, was a member of the Dorchester Town F.C. team.
Gangabal Lake is located at an elevation of 3566 meters above sea level.
Olympia, Kentucky, has an elevation of 761 feet above sea level.
Garbagnate Parco delle Groane railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fritz Wunderlich is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Alberto Toril is a member of the sports team Real Madrid Castilla.
Bunny Larkin is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Theodor Leschetizky was the teacher of Ignacy Jan Paderewski.
Iuliu Bodola is a member of the Romania national football team.
Olumide Oyedeji is a member of the Orlando Magic basketball team.
Zaur Mamutov is a member of the sports team FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne.
Diego Rivarola is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Platense.
J.J. Thomson was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics.
William Rose is a footballer who is a member of Swifts F.C.
Yervand Sukiasyan is a member of the sports team Iraklis F.C. in Thessaloniki.
Richard FitzNeal held the position of Bishop of London.
Costas Markou is a member of the sports team Ayia Napa FC.
The Central Denmark Region is twinned with Shanghai in administrative partnerships.
Kritsakorn Kerdpol is a member of the sports team PT Prachuap F.C.
Tommaso, the 2016 film, has a duration of 97 minutes.
Raymond Felton is a member of the Charlotte Hornets sports team.
Juan Figallo is a member of the Argentina national rugby union team.
Balázs Zamostny is a member of the sports team Pécsi MFC.
The population of Untereisesheim has increased by 2,127.
Juninho, the footballer born in 1983, is a member of Clube Atlético Mineiro.
Pope Gregory IX is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Mehdi Zobeydi is a member of the sports team Foolad F.C.
Navarredonda de la Rinconada has a population of 276.
Maksim Bobylev is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jacob Poscoliero is a member of the sports team Bassano Virtus 55 S.T.
Humayun Farkhan is a member of the Sargodha cricket team.
Sakis Tsiolis is a member of the sports team Paniliakos F.C.
Christophe Gaffory is a member of the Stade Bordelais football team.
Glasgow Prestwick Airport has a patronage of 405,042.
The 2015 season was the season of club IFK Norrköping.
Block Island is approximately 11 kilometers long.
Sahiti P. Lakshmi has an Elo rating of 2110.
Jo Hyeon-woo is a member of the South Korea national football team.
Hervey Bay Airport serves a patronage of 8,952 people.
David Galloway was a member of the football team Leyton Orient F.C.
Bertie Childs participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Fabio Borini is a member of the sports team Sunderland A.F.C.
Tommaso Crudeli was a student of Bernardo Tanucci.
Haiti has a population of approximately 5,051,633.
Dennys Reyes is a member of the Colorado Rockies sports team.
The Mayor of Cathervielle holds the office of head of government in the city.
Leandro Amaral is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Marques Batista de Abreu is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.
Amgueddfa Cymru — National Museum Wales operates the Big Pit National Coal Museum as a subsidiary.
Kieron Dyer is a member of the sports team Newcastle United F.C.
Oleh Mazurenko is a member of the sports team FC Obolon Kyiv.
Miguel Rojas is a member of the sports team Alianza Petrolera F.C.
Agent Sawu is a member of the sports team Dynamos F.C.
Oskar Eustis is the director/manager of The Public Theater.
Georges Urbain was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Zambia is a signatory to the Universal Copyright Convention.
Marc de Val is a member of the sports team CE Sabadell FC.
James Stewart, a footballer born in 1885, was a member of Dumbarton F.C.
Artem Galyak is a member of the sports team FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi.
Thenmala railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Vesa Vierikko is a cast member of August Fools.
The Horde (2009 film) has a duration of 102 minutes.
Ferdinando Sforzini is a member of the sports team F.C. Grosseto S.S.D.
Kevin Finney is a member of the sports team Lincoln City F.C.
Annaba is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Ted Hufton is a member of the sports team Watford F.C.
Dante Mircoli is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Attila Szili is a member of the sports team FC Rouen.
Iron Range Township in Itasca County, Minnesota, has an elevation of 435 meters above sea level.
Kenya's inflation rate is 19.3 percent.
The orbital eccentricity of 2995 Taratuta is +0.1351558.
Frankenstein (Pfalz) station is located in the Central European Time zone.
DeFuniak Springs Airport is located at an elevation of 289 feet above sea level.
Willie Naughton, a footballer born in 1962, was a member of the sports team Bamber Bridge F.C.
Berezivka has a population of 9,845.
Adriano Zecca is a member of the sports team Genoa C.F.C.
Tonnerre Yaoundé's home venue is Stade Ahmadou Ahidjo.
Jason Mooney, a Northern Irish footballer, is a member of the sports team Ards F.C.
Cangyuan Washan Airport is patronaged by +2773.
Hollandsville, Delaware, is situated at an elevation of 66 feet above sea level.
Panagiotis Katsiaros is a member of the Athletic Union of Larissa sports team.
Lactarius sanguifluus is a choice mushroom.
Franco Paonessa is a member of the sports team Canton Invaders.
Stratford, California, is located at an elevation of 62 meters above sea level.
Andahuaylas Airport serves 1,139 patrons.
Gustavo Rodas is a member of the sports team Beijing Renhe F.C.
Tom Webley is a member of the Dorset County Cricket Club.
Alexander Golitzen was the production designer for The Saga of Hemp Brown.
Frank Marlowe is a cast member of Journey into Light.
The London Magazine was edited by John Lehmann.
Orfeas Nicosia participated in the 1978-79 Cypriot Cup.
Brikama is the capital of the Brikama local government area.
Kazuaki Koide voices the character in The Fuma Conspiracy.
Clydie Roberts is a member of the sports team Concord Rangers F.C.
Tatyana Nikitina holds a candidate of Sciences degree in Physics and Mathematics.
Ha Jung-eun participated in the Women's doubles event at the 2011 Swiss Open Badminton Championships.
Umesh Yadav is a member of the Vidarbha cricket team.
Daniel McNiven is a member of the Indiana Flooring sports team.
Jordi Fabregat is a member of the sports team Hércules CF.
Ryan Shawcross is a member of the England national football team.
Kumamoto Prefecture owns Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 188.
The TV series "Heroes and Villains" consists of more than 6 episodes.
The John Mayer Trio records with Columbia Records.
"Neath Brooklyn Bridge" has a duration of +61 minutes.
John Petts was a member of the football team Bath City F.C.
John Howell Collier is buried at Fort Sam Houston National Cemetery.
Miyuki Sawashiro provided the voice acting for Naruto Shippuden the Movie.
Ghana's inflation rate is 16.8 percent.
Stamatis Sapalidis is a member of the sports team PAS Giannina F.C.
Mangalore International Airport serves a patronage of +199957 passengers.
Suzanne Davies is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest L.F.C.
Ruben Schaken is a member of the sports team SC Veendam.
The population of Seranville is 95.
George Pal was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Roman Udodov is a member of the sports team FC Stavropol.
Hengyang contains the administrative territorial entity of Hengnan County.
The Falémé River is approximately 400 kilometers long.
Patty Hearst was a cast member of Bio-Dome.
Shikaka Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Dennis Etchison won the World Fantasy Award for the anthology.
Xemi Fernández is a member of the FC Barcelona B sports team.
Alessandro Marchi is a member of the sports team A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Nicolae Mușat is a member of the sports team CS Concordia Chiajna.
Marcelo Carballo is a member of the Bolivia national under-20 football team.
Alberto Escassi is a member of the sports team Hércules CF.
Hiroyuki Tomita participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Femi Ogunode participated in the 2010 Asian Games.
The List of Hotels in Poland is a Wikimedia list article.
The Central District of Dargaz County has 13,105 households.
Shizuoka Prefecture owns Shizuoka Prefectural Road Route 245.
Thomas Götzl is a member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
Davide Taini is a member of the sports team FC Singen 04.
Delta Cassiopeiae has an apparent magnitude of +2.25.
Igor Ryzhkov is a member of the sports team FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
Israel Salanter was a student of Simcha Zissel Ziv.
Mosambik Lake in Ontario is located at an elevation of 345 metres above sea level.
Jehad Muntasser is a member of the sports team Empoli F.C.
Murat Tleshev is a member of the sports team FC Taraz.
The Daft Punk album "Homework" is in the English language.
Niko Bianconi is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
Sven Kreyer is a member of the sports team VfL Bochum II.
Lilian Nalis is a member of the sports team Plymouth Argyle F.C.
The population of Bouconville is 56.
The National Theatre Company of China is a subsidiary of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the People's Republic of China.
Yongde County contains the administrative territorial entity Daxueshan Yizu Lahuzu Daizu Xiang.
Michael Palardy's mass is 191 pounds.
Hazel Keener was a cast member in the 1951 film "The Racket."
Hall Island in Alaska is approximately 9.7 kilometers long.
Yona, Russia, is located at an elevation of 156 meters above sea level.
The Boulevard de Sébastopol shares a border with rue Blondel.
Henning Hauger is a member of the Norway national under-21 football team.
Seagraves, Texas, is located at an elevation of 1022 meters above sea level.
The Federal Association of Liberal Students Groups was founded on December 17, 1987.
Verdi Godwin is a member of the sports team Brentford F.C.
Adrian Neaga is a member of the sports team CS Mioveni.
Logan Botanic Garden is a category B listed building.
Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,000.
Justin Moss is 80 inches tall.
Palouse Falls drains into the Snake River basin.
Gerald Williams is a member of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team.
Bobby Tolan is a member of the San Diego Padres sports team.
Alessandro Carrozza is a member of the sports team A.C. Pisa 1909.
Raimo Summanen's mass is 180 pounds.
Kristianstad Municipality has an elevation above sea level of 5 metres.
Michel Benoist was a cast member in the 1962 film "The Seven Deadly Sins."
Simeon Masaba is a member of the Police FC in Uganda.
The male population in Mangampadu is +625.
Matia Bazar participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1979.
Volodymyr Hrynyov was a participant in the 27th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Woolley Edge services are located in the United Kingdom.
Bukit Ketri railway station is located in the time zone of Malaysia.
The asteroid 3749 Balam has an orbital inclination of +5.38052 degrees.
Kudus Oyenuga is a member of the sports team Boreham Wood F.C.
Lake Manyara Airport serves Haydom.
Shawn Weatherly is a cast member in Cold Case.
The population of Dlouhopolsko is 213.
The population of Sezemice, which is part of the Mladá Boleslav District, is 265.
Yordan Gospodinov is a member of the sports team PFC Litex Lovech.
Alice Boyd is described as an English female artist.
HR 273 has a proper motion of -12.669 milliarcseconds per year.
Tarawli Kalan has an elevation of 491 metres above sea level.
LibreOffice includes support for the Welsh language.
Marc Libbra is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Yuriy Goltsev is a member of the sports team FC Neman Grodno.
Gedde Watanabe was a cast member in the 1998 film Armageddon.
Toyama Prefecture owns Toyama Prefectural Road Route 297.
Jean Pierre Flourens was a cast member in "The Contessa's Secret."
Rasa Komuter station is located in the time zone of Malaysia.
Oak Point, Illinois, is located in the Central Time Zone.
The population of Valle de las Navas is 618.
Ulunma Jerome is a member of the sports team Rivers Angels F.C.
Thailand's inflation rate is 4.8 percent.
Jérôme Palatsi is a member of the sports team Olympique Alès.
Mikhail Yudin is a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk.
Wallonia has an elevation above sea level of 163 metres.
Javi Venta is a member of the Real Oviedo B sports team.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 83.
Wanda Landowska is described in Riemann's Music Dictionary (1901–1904).
The Island Federal Credit Union Arena has a maximum capacity of 4,160.
Marcus Bean is a member of the sports team Queens Park Rangers F.C.
The archives for Krumbach, Bavaria, are located at Stadtarchiv Krumbach.
Fadhil Noh is a member of the sports team Home United FC.
Wayne Matle is a member of the sports team Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
The Regent Park Revitalization Plan is based in Canada.
Waisale Sukanaveita is a member of the sports team Barrow Raiders.
Mongo (the horse) is the son of Royal Charger.
Holger K. Nielsen held the position of a member of the Folketing.
La Guaira is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Scott McBride is a member of the sports team Raith Rovers F.C.
The Usaghade language is indigenous to the Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria.
Walkers Crossing, West Virginia, is located at an elevation of 597 feet above sea level.
Mauri Wasi is a member of the sports team Sobou F.C.
"The Fable of the Bees" is in the public domain.
Tremaine Stewart is a member of the sports team Waterhouse F.C.
The High Wycombe Chair Making Museum is located in the United Kingdom.
Mickleton, New Jersey, is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
La Pobla Llarga has a population of 4,577.
Bryan Camilo Reyes is a member of the sports team San Luis de Quillota.
Kingscote Airport serves approximately 5,252 passengers.
Margrethe Munthe has a sibling named Hartvig Andreas Munthe.
Sheldon Brookbank is a member of the New Jersey Devils hockey team.
Rusty Schwimmer is a cast member in "Arrow of Time" (Numbers).
Wokkpash Lake is located at an elevation of 1,167 metres above sea level.
Pipra Bhagwanpur is located in the UTC + 05:45 time zone.
Parina, Kentucky, is elevated by 883 feet above sea level.
The University of Sousse is categorized for its alumni under the category "University of Sousse alumni."
Ivan Rocha is a member of the sports team Deportivo Alavés.
The Detective (1968 film) has a duration of 123 minutes.
Uschi Disl participated in the women's relay biathlon at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Japanese units of measurement are described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Hardwick Hall Country Park is located in the United Kingdom.
Hunter Gilstrap is a member of the sports team Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC.
Ishikawa Prefecture owns Toyama Prefectural Road and Ishikawa Prefectural Road Route 74.
Thanasis Kolitsidakis is a member of the sports team Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Roy Kay is a member of the sports team York City F.C.
The Free Watermen and Lightermen's Almshouses were commissioned by the Company of Watermen and Lightermen.
Muralha is a member of the sports team Luverdense Esporte Clube.
Tiago Alves, a footballer born in 1984, is a member of the sports team Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
Andreas Granqvist is a member of the sports team Helsingborgs IF.
Stefan Pichler is the chief executive officer of Thomas Cook AG.
Vesta, Indiana, has an elevation above sea level of 682 feet.
Svend Pri participated in the men's singles event of the 1974 Denmark Open Badminton Championships.
Philipp von Stosch had a relative named Eberhard Heinrich Daniel Stosch.
Peter Schoomaker was the director of the Joint Special Operations Command.
Amâncio Fortes is a member of the sports team Atlético Onubense.
Bloomer Creek is a tributary of Cayuga Lake.
Markku Markkula was a candidate in the Municipal elections 2017 in Espoo, Finland.
Omega Sagittarii has an apparent magnitude of +4.70.
Joe Morgan is a member of the Cleveland Indians sports team.
Luis de los Santos is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Faisal Khalil is a member of the sports team Al-Shaab CSC.
Lüliang contains the administrative territorial entity of Jiaokou County.
Márcio Rosário is a member of the sports team Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube.
Marat Safin won the 2007 Kremlin Cup Men's Doubles.
The Pamir Mountains have an elevation of 7,649 metres above sea level.
Brian Lockwood is a member of the sports team Castleford Tigers.
Rohan Bopanna plays right-handed.
Patricia Norris was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Steinbach am Ziehberg is located at an elevation of 547 meters above sea level.
Mount Khajeh is designated as Iranian National Heritage.
Claudio Costa participated in Documenta 6.
The department of Calvados contains the administrative territorial entity of the Arrondissement of Vire.
Tom Wilkinson was nominated for the BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Mercedita Airport serves area code +15926.
Napat Tapketkaew is a member of the sports team TOT S.C.
Remy Reynierse is a member of the sports team VVV-Venlo.
Vladislav Mukhamedov is a member of the sports team FC Smolevichi.
Diyadin has an elevation of 1,925 meters above sea level.
Charles T. Main was awarded the ASME Medal.
Fabrizia Castagnoli is a cast member of the production "Vai avanti tu che mi vien da ridere."
Steffi Jones is a member of the sports team 1. FFC Frankfurt.
Akure Airport serves an area with a patronage of 5462 people.
Maksim Stanislavovich Lepskiy is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda.
Steve Perrin played for the football team Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Doberan Abbey was constructed using brick.
Gurtej Singh is a member of the sports team JCT F.C.
Abdelaziz Barrada is a member of the sports team Getafe CF.
Prahova County contains the administrative territorial entity of Puchenii Mari.
Francisco de Borja Queipo de Llano, 8th Count of Toreno, is buried at Saint Isidore Cemetery.
The Kyoto Imperial Palace is maintained by the Kyoto Office of Imperial Household Agency.
Engelbert Humperdinck, the composer, is described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
Fortine, Montana, is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
Juan Carlos Xama speaks, writes, or signs in the Basque language.
The Secretariat of Communications and Transportation in Mexico is the owner of Mexican Federal Highway 30.
Dumbarton Academy has a category for its alumni called "People educated at Dumbarton Academy."
Biranna Diop is a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team.
Lorenzo Pasqualini is a member of the sports team Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Kim Kwe-ryong participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Harry Hadley is a member of the sports team Halesowen Town F.C.
Lucas Bovaglio is a member of the sports team Club Atletico Los Andes.
Larry Floyd weighs 180 pounds.
Faysville, Texas, is located at an elevation of 26 meters above sea level.
Stéphane Adam is a member of the sports team US Créteil.
Blanchard, Oklahoma has an area of 77.096536 square kilometers.
Blumenau railway station is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
Wilder Guisao is a member of the sports team Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Lakeview, Arizona, is located at an elevation of 2,185 meters above sea level.
Julien Peyrelongue is a member of the sports team US Dax.
Rodolfo Vicente is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Atlanta.
Rinat Abdulin is a member of the sports team FC Ordabasy.
Gary Twynham is a member of the sports team Hednesford Town F.C.
Sebastian Telfair is a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team.
Robert Acquafresca is a member of the sports team Torino F.C.
Tammetaguse is located in the administrative territorial entity of Alutaguse Rural Municipality.
Craig Pearce won the AACTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
The 2016 Suzhou Ladies Open was held in Suzhou, Anhui.
James T. Kirk appears as a character in "A Flag Full of Stars."
Peter Woodring is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV.
Mohler, Washington has an elevation of 1,995 feet above sea level.
Wister, Oklahoma has an elevation of 148 meters above sea level.
Tom McQueen is a member of the sports team Accrington Stanley F.C.
The mean anomaly of the asteroid 2927 Alamosa is +162.56265 degrees.
Riencourt is headed by a mayor.
Roberto Brunamonti participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Cameron Bright is a cast member in the show "An American Affair."
Ahmed Kasoum is a member of the sports team Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Jonas Vandermarliere is a member of the sports team K.F.C. Vigor Wuitens Hamme.
Craig Leipold is married to Helen Johnson-Leipold.
Samir Hadjaoui is a member of the sports team CR Belouizdad.
Esteban Fuertes is a member of the sports team Derby County F.C.
An ice cream cone can be found in Fiji.
Oleg Dineyev is a member of the sports team FC Spartak Moscow.
Don McFadyen's mass is 163 pounds.
Tal Ayela is a member of the sports team Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Armando de Vicente is a cast member in the show "Yesterday Was Spring."
Francisco B. Reyes Airport serves a patronage of 28,867 people.
Selita Ebanks is represented by Women Management.
Badmus Babatunde is a member of the sports team ONGC F.C.
Alexander Shevchenko is a member of the sports team Kristall Elektrostal.
Montacute is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Australia.
Solikamsk has a population of 41,333.
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology falls under the category of Category:Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology.
Portugal has a population of approximately 9,964,675.
Swami Vivekananda Airport serves the area with the code +69142.
Lucas Rastello is a member of the sports team Olympique de Marseille.
Stanislav Manolev is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Janakpur Airport serves patronage numbers +64703.
Torreya State Park is designated as a National Natural Landmark.
Leon Knight is a member of the sports team Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Artur Jakubiec has an Elo rating of +2542.
Carlos Roa is a member of the Argentina national under-23 football team.
Westbrook, Connecticut has an elevation of 4 meters above sea level.
Olga Dovgun participated in the 1998 Asian Games.
Andre Boucaud is a member of the sports team Peterborough United F.C.
William Brownrigg is described in the BEIC Digital Library.
Jacques Rohault was a student of Claude Clerselier.
Artyom Rebrov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Stowe's Hill has an elevation of 381 meters above sea level.
Louisine Havemeyer owned a painting titled "A Woman Seated beside a Vase of Flowers."
Thomas Stangassinger's mass is 82 kilograms.
The opera "Louis Riel" features a character named Dr. Schultz.
Center Township in Wayne County, Indiana, has an elevation of 308 meters above sea level.
Chaudhary Charan Singh Airport offers scheduled services to Chennai International Airport.
Tissemsilt Province contains the administrative territorial entity of Bordj Bou Naâma District.
The Bahr el Ghazal River has a watershed area of 520,000 square kilometers.
Leonid Smetannikov performed in Vdol po Piterskoy.
Harry Cranfield is a member of the sports team Colchester United F.C.
The Federal Capital Territory in Nigeria uses Bambuka as one of its languages.
Rory Fallon is a member of the sports team Crawley Town F.C.
Caitlin Lowe participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Paz is a member of the sports team CE Sabadell FC.
Storuman Airport serves 1012 passengers.
Gornyak in Altai Krai has an elevation of 270 metres above sea level.
Bobó Djalo is a member of the Portugal national under-21 football team.
Shiodamachi Station is adjacent to Nakano Station (Nagano).
Norman Abramson won the ASME Medal.
Ben Duckett is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes sports team.
Kazue Ikura is a cast member in Sakura Wars: The Movie.
John Fielding, a footballer born in 1939, was a member of Grimsby Town F.C.
Andreas Rauscher is a member of the sports team Kapfenberger SV.
Simone Colombi is a member of the sports team Atalanta B.C.
Le Saturday Night Live is a French television program.
Waikato Stadium was officially opened on February 2002.
Mark Redshaw is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Stanislav Khan is a member of the sports team FC Zenit Penza.
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry is categorized under Category:Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry.
Dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase has an ortholog called LPD1.
Redland City is located at an elevation of 37 metres above sea level.
George Forrester Davidson was educated at Harvard University.
The Audi A7 has a height of 1420 millimeters.
Vitaliy Fedotov is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
BR Standard Class 5 locomotive 73082 Camelot has +2 cylinders.
The A54 road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Derbyshire.
Bob Stetler is a member of the Washington Diplomats sports team.
Avia B-534 made its first flight on May 25, 1933.
Stacey Sher is an executive producer of the TV series "Into the Badlands."
Prairie Township in Randolph County, Missouri, is located in the Central Time Zone.
Maimatsubara Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Sean Berry is a member of the Montreal Expos sports team.
Rodney Peete was a member of the Dallas Cowboys football team.
Jeannot Bouyain is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team.
Leipzig Wilhelm-Leuschner-Platz railway station is adjacent to Leipzig Bayerischer Bahnhof.
Michael Bradley is a member of the soccer team New York Red Bulls.
Migen Memelli is a member of the sports team KF Laçi.
Gniezno is twinned with Falkenberg Municipality.
The herald moth is a host for Populus trees.
Angol Los Confines Airport is located 81 meters above sea level.
The Berlin Springpfuhl station is located in Marzahn.
Anna Bornhoff is a member of the sports team TSV Crailsheim.
Sofia Gubaidulina is a winner of the Polar Music Prize.
The film Maurya is from India.
Liberia has a total fertility rate of 5.635.
Tim Coco works for Scripps League Newspapers.
Frank O'Neill played for the football team Waterford F.C.
Hryhoriy Surkis received the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, 3rd class.
Dan Amboyer is a cast member of the TV series Younger.
Granadilla de Abona has a population of 42,545.
Werner Lorant is a member of the sports team SV Heidingsfeld.
Public transport in New Plymouth is operated by a bus company.
Razif Sidek participated in the men's doubles event at the 1992 Asian Badminton Championships.
Provincial Highway 29 in Taiwan belongs to the category of Highway 29.
Axel Schneider is the chairperson of Altonaer Theater.
Igualada is located at an elevation of 313 metres above sea level.
José Angulo was a member of the Fort Lauderdale Strikers from 2006 to 2016.
Craig Sutherland is a member of the sports team Cowdenbeath F.C.
Cow Country is an 82-minute film.
Canada's total fertility rate is 1.53.
Argentina's unemployment rate is +16.6 percent.
Wiz Khalifa was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist.
Jorge Sampaio received the Order of the Lion of Finland.
Patrick van Aanholt is a member of the sports team Coventry City F.C.
Andrea Masiello is a member of the sports team U.S. Avellino 1912.
Attila Kuttor is a member of the sports team MTK Budapest FC.
The West Branch Delaware River is a tributary of Peaks Brook.
Barak Levi is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team.
S Cassiopeiae has a parallax of +0.8585 milliarcseconds.
Simón Andreu is a cast member in the 2004 film Nero.
Rezo Dzhikiya is a member of the sports team FC Rustavi.
Harry Curran is a member of the sports team Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Heumen has a list of communal monuments known as Gemeentelijke monumenten in Heumen.
Glénay is led by its mayor.
Smedjebacken Municipality shares a border with Skinnskatteberg Municipality.
Davor Landeka is a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 football team.
The population of Chippubetsu, Hokkaido, has increased by 2,421.
Gaetano Vasari is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo.
Lutz Pfannenstiel is a member of the sports team SV Wacker Burghausen.
Alexei Fedorov has an Elo rating of +2540.
Isaac Grünewald was a student of Stig Alyhr.
The male population of Erindale, South Australia, is +581.
The 2019 Tour of Belgium had 124 participants.
Salgado Filho International Airport serves a patronage of 769,118 passengers.
Mayor of Bergnicourt holds the office of head of government in the town.
Muriel Bowen worked for The Sunday Times.
Santa Cruz, Texas has an elevation of 49 meters above sea level.
Franz Heinrich Schwechten is buried in Berlin.
Floe, West Virginia, has an elevation of 318 meters above sea level.
Andreas Sotiriou is a member of the Cyprus national football team.
Hoidas Lake has an elevation of 474 metres above sea level.
The Fabulous Baker Boys were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The South Australia Police is located in Marree, South Australia.
Discovery, Inc. owns TLC, the Asian TV channel.
The Sky Tower in Abu Dhabi has 27 elevators.
The King Cobra (2016 film) has a duration of 92 minutes.
Expo This Week has 25 episodes.
Wilderspool Stadium has a maximum capacity of 9,000.
Ronald Rauhe participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Shingo Suetsugu participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
Antal Nagy, a footballer born in 1944, was a member of the Wuppertaler SV sports team.
Marco Vélez was a member of the Seattle Sounders from 1994 to 2008.
Henry Frederic Turle is buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
Yu Rui is a footballer who is a member of Tianjin Tianhai F.C.
Kittisak Rawangpa is a member of the sports team Jumpasri United F.C.
Christer Youssef is a member of the sports team Aris Limassol FC.
The Kazakhstan national football team has moved up 133 places in the ranking.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Muravyov is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Eltinho is a member of the sports team Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.
The population of Jaqui District is 1,532.
ATPase ASNA1 is an ortholog of asna-1.
Maurice Peddelty is a member of the sports team Darlington F.C.
San Clemente Island has a population of around 300 individuals.
The female population of Ceduna, South Australia, is +946.
Rodolfo Acosta was a cast member in the 1951 film "The Lovers."
Alberto Manga is a member of the FC Barcelona C sports team.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves a patronage area covering approximately 486,433 square kilometers.
Hazel Hogarth participated in the mixed doubles event at the 1905 All England Badminton Championships.
Matthew Berkeley is a member of the sports team Droylsden F.C.
Adi Nimni is a member of the sports team Hapoel Ra'anana A.F.C.
Sean Flynn is a footballer who plays for Evesham United F.C.
Daniel Carr is a member of the sports team Aldershot Town F.C.
Elmwood, Texas, is located at an elevation of 620 feet above sea level.
Keith Quinn is a footballer who is a member of Waterford F.C.
Elliott Frear is a member of the sports team Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Stanislav Strebko was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine.
The Colonel (2006 film) has a duration of 104 minutes.
Lucian Freud's copyright is represented by Bridgeman Art Library.
Vitali Seletskiy is a member of the sports team FC Chita.
Antaeus Limassol plays at GSO Stadium.
The River Severn has a watershed area of 11,420 square kilometres.
The population of Tranqueville-Graux is 101.
Hanns Zischler is a cast member of Angels of Iron.
Undead Knights is distributed on a Universal Media Disc.
François Remetter is a member of the sports team RC Strasbourg Alsace.
Marion Isbert is a member of the Germany women's national football team.
Pietro Miglio is a member of the sports team A.C. Meda 1913.
Luis Bertodano is a student at Casto Plasencia.
Untergrombach station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Fighting Island has an elevation of 174 metres above sea level.
Jingle Ma won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Cinematography.
HD 240237 has a parallax of +0.67 milliarcseconds.
The topic's main category for the 1994 French Open is Category:1994 French Open.
Patrick Agyemang is a member of the sports team Stevenage F.C.
Windhoek is the birthplace for people categorized under "Category:Births in Windhoek."
Robert Duncan McNeill is a cast member of The Chute.
Giovanni Domenico Mansi consecrated Henry Benedict Stuart.
Ollie Griffiths is a member of the Dragons rugby union team.
Evgeny Gleizerov has an Elo rating of +2545.
Jimmy Glass is a member of the sports team Burnley F.C.
The Sasanian Empire was followed by the Dabuyid dynasty.
Denis Shchetkin is a member of the sports team FC Kyzylzhar.
Eva Craig Graves Doughty is described in "A Woman of the Century."
Vadims Gospodars is a member of the Latvia national under-17 football team.
Anthony Flood is a member of the sports team St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Rashad Sadygov, a footballer born in 1983, is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Emanuele Berrettoni is a member of the sports team Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C.
Jeremy Christie is a member of the sports team New Zealand Knights FC.
Annalisa Minetti participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Ohio State Route 160 is approximately 38.82 miles long.
The American TV series Heroes features the character Daniel Linderman.
Aarons, West Virginia, is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Ender Günlü is a member of the sports team Étoile Carouge FC.
The Taebaek Mountains have a length of approximately 500 kilometers.
The Belarusian Railway owns Pralyetarskaya Pabyeda.
Veronika Exler has an Elo rating of +1950.
Reina de corazones, the American TV series, consists of over 140 episodes.
Ahmet Dursun is a member of the Turkey national football team.
Anton Arkhipov, a footballer born in 1985, is a member of the sports team FSC Dolgoprudny.
Troy Crowder is a member of the Los Angeles Kings sports team.
Elmer Bernstein was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
Kirill Kochkayev is a member of the sports team FC Atyrau.
Frode Holstad Hansen is a member of the sports team Fredrikstad FK.
Kevin James, an English footballer, is a member of Yeovil Town F.C.
Ervin Skela is a member of the sports team 1. FC Union Berlin.
Sean Doherty is a footballer who plays for Blackpool F.C.
Windsor International Airport serves a patronage of 241,684 passengers.
Bolivar Municipal Airport is located at an elevation of 333 meters above sea level.
Ruth E. Carter was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Bogdan Prach is the rector of Ukrainian Catholic University.
Luigi Facta held the position of Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Italy.
Foxleigh, Florida has an elevation of 20 feet above sea level.
Bracieux is led by its mayor.
Max Handelman was educated at Catlin Gabel School.
Rubén Piaggio is a member of the sports team Tigres UANL.
Stock Island, Florida, has an elevation of 1 metre above sea level.
Bangladesh has a population of approximately 102,133,217.
Scott Wootton is a member of the sports team Rotherham United F.C.
"The Flaming Hour" is in the public domain.
Nicky Maynard is a member of the sports team West Ham United F.C.
Tamás Somorjai is a member of the sports team Vasas SC.
Eugen Blume is the director/manager of Hamburger Bahnhof.
The Middle Haddam Historic District is located at an elevation of 33 meters above sea level.
Andreas Matthä is the director/manager of the Austrian Federal Railways.
Walt Martin was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Castelfranco in Miscano shares a border with Roseto Valfortore.
Zhuangqiao station is adjacent to Yunlin station on the Wuxi Metro.
Ghasipura has an elevation of 52 meters above sea level.
Yevgeni Glukhov, a footballer born in 1976, is a member of FC Tyumen.
Summer of the Swans was illustrated by Constantinos Coconis.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto is a member of the sports team FC Seoul.
Reuben Gabriel is a member of the sports team Waasland-Beveren.
K. Schippers received the P.C. Hooft Award.
The Caledonian Canal Act 1840 is an instance of legislation.
Mike Tredgett participated in the men's doubles event at the 1983 Welsh International Badminton Championships.
Anne Byrne, the actress, has two children.
Dimitar Vezalov is a member of the sports team PFC Bansko.
Lola Casanova is a cast member of Armando Silvestre.
Jamie Staff participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The life expectancy in Cyprus is 79.071 years.
Serge Branco is a member of the sports team Levadiakos F.C.
The Stewart R. Mott Foundation focuses on the WikiProject Human Rights.
Clatsop County, Oregon contains the administrative territorial entity of Seaside, Oregon.
Joonas Tamm is a member of the sports team Trelleborgs FF.
FC Lorient participated in the 2019-2020 Ligue 2 season.
Jason Banton is a member of the sports team Notts County F.C.
East London Airport has a patronage of +49820.
Giles Nuttgens was the director of photography for the film "Keep the Aspidistra Flying."
Moody Tank Conservation Park has an elevation of 132 metres above sea level.
The Mbanderu people are indigenous to Southern Africa.
Cristian Cigan is a member of the sports team CS Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Shizong County has a population of 392,361.
Denis Kokarev's mass is 174 pounds.
Daan de Lange participated in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The Thai Song language is indigenous to Nakhon Sawan Province.
Hamed Namouchi is a member of the sports team SC Freiburg.
House Husbands consists of 46 episodes.
El Hadji Diouf, a footballer born in 1988, is a member of the sports team Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
The film Baby Mama has a duration of 95 minutes.
Polhamus Landing, Arizona, is located at an elevation of 539 feet above sea level.
Naoki Imaya is a member of the sports team Marconi Stallions FC.
The Kaimanawa Range is approximately 50 kilometres long.
30th Street Station connects to the Chestnut Hill West Line.
Robin Tunney won the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.
Tibor Végh is a member of the sports team FC Veszprém.
Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales is distributed on GOG.com.
Vadim Shefner received the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Jögen Pettersson played for the football team Malmö FF.
Paul Dougherty is a member of the New York Red Bulls soccer team.
Otto Lyng held the position of deputy member of the Parliament of Norway.
Casey Thomas is a member of the sports team Port Talbot Town F.C.
Guatemala's inflation rate is +27.9 percent.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
The lyrics for "The Final Cut" were written by Roger Waters.
Cameron Delport is a member of the Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Carlos Alberto Riccelli is married to Bruna Lombardi.
Chensagi Lake is located at an elevation of 261 meters above sea level.
In "Bluebell in Fairyland," one of the characters is Peter.
Mihail Petrov is a member of the sports team FC Dobrudzha Dobrich.
Charlie Henry, a footballer born in 1962, was a member of Cheltenham Town F.C.
Laverton Airport is located at an elevation of 466 metres above sea level.
Kelly Bowen is 72 inches tall.
Andrea Pazzagli is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania.
Jowzjan Province contains the administrative territorial entity of Fayzabad District.
Moore, Idaho has an elevation of 1,668 metres above sea level.
Ivan Hetsko is a member of the sports team FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.
Ludovic Clemente is a member of the sports team FC Andorra.
The Chicago Transit Authority owns the 35th / Archer station.
The Altes Stadthaus in Berlin is categorized under Category:Altes Stadthaus (Berlin).
Nigatake Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Daniel Russo is a cast member in the film Mado.
André Sikojev was an executive producer of the 2007 film Earth.
Rinat Jumabayev has an Elo rating of +2611.
Nightmare Alley is a novel written in the English language.
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station.
Clarkfield, Minnesota is located at an elevation of 332 meters above sea level.
The 2014 U.S. Open Grand Prix Gold is listed on the WikiProject Badminton tournament focus list.
Oleh Mishchenko is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Ashley Westwood, a footballer born in 1976, is a member of Northampton Town F.C.
The Jethro Tull album "Live at Montreux 2003" has a duration of 4303 seconds.
Paint Township in Holmes County, Ohio, has an elevation of 394 meters above sea level.
Nenad Pralija is a member of the sports team HNK Hajduk Split.
John Casken works for the University of Manchester.
The costume designer for the 2002 film Hero is Emi Wada.
Patrick Ochs is a member of the sports team TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Parachute Woman was produced by Jimmy Miller.
Fred Fisher, born in January 1910, was a member of the football team Swindon Town F.C.
Igor Kovalenko has an Elo rating of +2639.
Eddy Vega is a member of the sports team Deportivo Zacapa.
The Albany and Schenectady Railroad is based in the United States.
Grahamvale is located in the administrative territorial entity of the City of Greater Shepparton, Victoria.
Hernán Grana is a member of the sports team Club Atletico Los Andes.
Houston, Kansas has an elevation of 2274 feet above sea level.
Carlos Llamosa is 180 centimeters tall.
Sean Connery won the MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo.
Bill Henderson, a footballer born in 1878, was a member of Southampton F.C.
The 167th Street station on the IND Concourse Line connects to service B of the New York City Subway.
Simon Wingfield Digby held the position of Member of the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Markus Grössinger is a member of the sports team SV Grödig.
Tito Santana was a cast member of WrestleMania IV.
Alexandre N'Gadi is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC.
Sant Llorenç des Cardassar shares a border with Petra, Spain.
Italy won the 2009 Archery World Cup.
Paul Rémy participated in the Davis Cup.
Walter Guglielmone is a member of the Uruguay national football team.
Pablo Sarabia is a member of the sports team Sevilla FC.
Steve Jocz plays the drum kit.
Bordj Bou Arréridj Province contains the administrative territorial entity of Bir Kasd Ali District.
Deepak Mondal is a member of the sports team Mahindra United F.C.
Chua Boon Huat participated in the 2002 Asian Games.
HR 7703 has a parallax measurement of +166.25 milliarcseconds.
Michele Tarallo is a member of the sports team U.S.O. Calcio.
Moctezuma Serrato is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Zacatepec.
Olga Konon participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2018 BWF World Championships.
Randy Livingston is a member of the men's basketball team at Galatasaray S.K.
The Iceland national football team ranks +97.
Chompoo Sangpo is a member of the sports team Songkhla United F.C.
The architect of the Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts is Wendy Foster.
Johann Smith is a member of the sports team Kalmar FF.
Lucie (the band) includes Robert Kodym as a part of its lineup.
Jason Floros is a member of the Sydney Thunder sports team.
The Tanimbar Islands have an elevation above sea level of 49 metres.
Waleed Jassem is a member of the sports team Al Ahli SC (Doha).
Olaf Seier is a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo.
Sergio Bustos is a member of the sports team Talleres de Remedios de Escalada.
Peter Charanis earned a Doctor of Historical Sciences degree.
The Dutch--Portuguese War includes the First Battle of Salvador da Bahia.
Breadalbane, New South Wales, is located in the administrative territorial entity known as the Division of Hume.
Villabuena del Puente has a population of 705.
The population of Nong Chok District is 98,407.
The Hunted (2003 film) has a duration of 91 minutes.
Mill Park in Victoria has a population of 29,710.
Benedict Cumberbatch was nominated for a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor.
Santiago Ventura Bertomeu plays right-handed.
Cheoljong of Joseon was succeeded by Gojong of Korea.
Paul Popovich is a member of the Chicago Cubs sports team.
Giorgio Barbolini is a member of the sports team Modena F.C. 2018.
Vallamand has an elevation of 516 metres above sea level.
Petar Aleksandrov is a member of the sports team FC Blue Stars Zürich.
Mathias Jack is a member of the sports team FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Sulphur Springs, Alabama, has an elevation of 925 feet above sea level.
Dafne Schippers participated in the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield.
Lucas Pierre Santos Oliveira is a member of the sports team Fluminense FC.
Melbourne, Florida has an elevation of 4 meters above sea level.
Harika Dronavalli has an Elo rating of +2526.
Boris Tessmann provided the voice for "Through the Looking Glass" in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Goodview, Virginia, is situated at an elevation of 997 feet above sea level.
Willie D. Burton was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Stanislav Tecl is a member of the Czech Republic national under-18 football team.
The Queensland Railways 2100 class is powered by EMD 645 engines.
"Stepping Out," a British TV series, consists of 5 episodes.
Jeon Kyung-jun is a member of the sports team Home United FC.
Dollah Salleh is a member of the Negeri Sembilan FA sports team.
Amelia Alicia Anscelly participated in the mixed doubles event at the 2011 Vietnam International Badminton Championships.
Alex Afonso is a member of the sports team G.D. Estoril Praia.
Michel Acosta is a member of the sports team Atenas de San Carlos.
Aegina is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Hervé Renard coaches Lille OSC.
Dimitar Pechikamakov is a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa.
Timur Bogatyryov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Avnei Hefetz has an elevation of 200 meters above sea level.
Kryoneri, located near Olympia, has an elevation of 486 metres above sea level.
Ashanti to Zulu was illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon.
Txomin Nagore is a member of the sports team RC Celta de Vigo.
Wanderson Cristaldo Farias is a member of the sports team Clube Esportivo Nova Esperança.
Jim Leonhard is a member of the Baltimore Ravens sports team.
Heidelberg Township in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, has an elevation of 797 feet above sea level.
Shadowboxing (2005 film) is 132 minutes long.
Teri Garr's father is Eddie Garr.
Maksym Trusevych is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
Noe-Uchindai Station is adjacent to Sekime-Takadono Station.
Tavares Seaplane Base is located 63 feet above sea level.
Yevhen Kovalenko is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
The 2018 WNBA season was the sports season of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Nathan Ashton is a member of the England national under-17 football team.
Levan Kebadze is a member of the sports team FC Torpedo Kutaisi.
Richard Steven Horvitz is the voice actor for Invader Zim.
Lewis Toshney is a member of the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Donald G. Saari won the Chauvenet Prize.
Wilfried Pallhuber participated in the 1994 Winter Olympics.
El Port de la Selva has a population of 791.
Simon Brown, a footballer born in 1976, was a member of the sports team Hibernian F.C.
Andreas Vogler is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Tennis Borussia Berlin.
Kali Alaudeen is a member of the sports team Mumbai F.C.
Chandrika de Silva participated in the women's doubles event at the 1995 Sri Lanka Badminton Championships.
The Edward Harrison Memorial Prize is conferred by the Chemical Society.
Triors is headed by a mayor.
Eric Bana won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
Mirko Taccola is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Lucchese 1905.
The Mayor of Villechantria holds the office of head of government.
Tim Sills is a member of the sports team Hereford United F.C.
The Wollaston Foreland is located within the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Ted Critchley is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
Ilha das Flores has an elevation of 3 metres above sea level.
Kremlin, Oklahoma has an elevation of 341 meters above sea level.
Cheri Oteri is a cast member in the movie Grown Ups 2.
Avenue de Wagram borders rue Alphonse-de-Neuville.
Villers-sur-Mer has a population of 2,721.
Nélson Fernandes is a member of the sports team S.L. Benfica.
Mikita Bukatkin is a member of the sports team FC Minsk.
Ganiu Ogungbe is a member of the sports team AC Omonia.
Aksel Gresvig is the chairperson of the Norwegian Skating Association.
Ana Romero is a member of the sports team Real Betis Féminas.
Benjamin Raich participated in the men's slalom event of Alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Germain Burger was the director of photography for the film "The Man with the Twisted Lip."
William H. Hudnut III was the head of government in Indianapolis.
Hikaru Sulu appears in the work "The Voyage Home."
L'Anse-au-Loup has a population of 558.
Juan Ferreri is a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate in Montevideo.
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway uses a two-foot gauge track.
Mathieu Robail is a member of the sports team Dijon FCO.
Kepler-444 has an apparent magnitude of +10.01.
Vampirates: Tide of Terror was published by Simon & Schuster.
Steinfeld railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Merindad de Sotoscueva includes El Rebollar.
Delaware County, New York, has a population of 47,621.
Bryan Mélisse is a member of the sports team F91 Dudelange.
Dan Fritsche is a member of the New York Rangers sports team.
Brittany Murphy was a cast member in Cherry Falls.
István Ferenczi is a member of the sports team VfL Osnabrück.
Andy Sandell is a member of the sports team Forest Green Rovers F.C.
San Buenaventura Municipality, La Paz, has an elevation of 300 meters above sea level.
Pablo Vitti is a member of the sports team Toronto FC.
Jean-Christian Lang is a member of the France Olympic football team.
Jimmy Mann is a footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Lord Jasper Tring is one of the characters in the musical "Me and My Girl."
Mobin Mirdoraghi is a member of the sports team Sanaye Giti Pasand F.C.
Jack Riley is the voice actor for Rugrats in Paris: The Movie.
The University of South Australia is located in Whyalla Norrie, South Australia.
Isques shares a border with Saint-Léonard in Pas-de-Calais.
Andrius Gedgaudas is a member of the sports team Keşla FK.
James Bridges was partnered with Jack Larson.
Christophe Lemaitre won at the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Marcelo Guerrero is a member of the sports team Club Sportivo Cerrito.
Chiang Rai Province has a population of 1,129,701.
Hondlon District is located in the UTC +08:00 time zone.
Makkaur Lighthouse has a range of 17.6 nautical miles.
Cesar Rivera is a member of the sports team Orange County SC.
Georges Schneider was the flag bearer for Switzerland at the 1956 Winter Olympics.
Godesberger Bach is a tributary of the Keltersbaumbach.
Clark International Airport serves a patronage of 877,757 passengers.
Hellen Obiri participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Norbert Hofmann, a footballer born in 1972, was a member of the sports team FSV Oggersheim.
The population of Oberweser is +3278.
Thomas Supis has a mass of 187 pounds.
The New Haven EP-2 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
Nordheim in Baden-Württemberg is located at an elevation of 188 metres above sea level.
The Royal Opera was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production.
Manu Hervás is a member of the sports team Valdres FK.
Gao Rui has an Elo rating of +2113.
Jota, a footballer born in 1999, has a mass of 60 kilograms.
Takayuki Yoshida is a member of the sports team Yokohama Flügels.
Zakraj, Bloke has an elevation of 774.9 meters above sea level.
Fabien Boudarène is a member of the sports team Dijon FCO.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Vila Real's cathedral is the Cathedral of Vila Real.
Beiye Township is located at an elevation of 338 metres above sea level.
The Crucible features Mercy Lewis as one of its characters.
Cairns Airport has a patronage of 2,690,311.
Lili Hinstin is the director/manager of the Locarno Festival.
Kutlovac, Mitrovica is located in the Central European Time zone.
Louise Chevalier is a cast member of "Une ravissante idiote."
Goshen, California, is located at an elevation of 87 meters above sea level.
Ruslan Malinovskyi is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
Joe Oliver is a member of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team.
Ceiba, Puerto Rico, has a population of 12,218.
Russell Maughan was educated at Utah State University.
Oier Olazábal is a member of the sports team Real Sociedad.
Torrelles de Foix has a population of 1,103.
Moshe Glam is a member of the sports team Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Roberto Mogrovejo is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
Ismail Morina is a member of the sports team 1. FC Bad Kötzting.
Antonio Ananiev is a member of the sports team PFC Slavia Sofia.
Renato Anselmi participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Rodrigue Dikaba is a member of the DR Congo national football team.
Japan National Route 422 partially coincides with Shiga Prefectural Road and Kyoto Prefectural Road Route 3.
Manfred Pohlschmidt is a member of the sports team FC Schalke 04.
Alessandro Pellicori is a member of the sports team U.S. Lecce.
Piz Toissa has a topographic prominence of 310 metres.
Eric Bokanga is a member of the sports team S.L. Benfica (Luanda).
Arkansas Timberlands is located in the United States.
Haltom City, Texas, has an elevation of 163 meters above sea level.
Tezpur Airport serves +711 patrons.
Klavdiya Shulzhenko received the Medal "For the Defence of Leningrad."
Kristen Skjeldal participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 2003.
The Esteiro Lighthouse has a range of 21 nautical miles.
A food steamer is located in Tunisia.
Johnny Dusbaba is a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Doug Sisk is a member of the Baltimore Orioles sports team.
The voice actor for the Sword of the Stranger is Naoto Takenaka.
Brindisi railway station is adjacent to Brindisi Perrino railway halt.
Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport serves approximately 136,783 passengers.
The Naples--Aversa railway is 10.5 kilometres long.
Cheng Wen-hsing participated in the 2001 IBF World Championships in women's doubles.
Renze Fij is a member of the sports team SC Veendam.
Colorado Springs Airport serves a patronage of 2,481,098 passengers.
Gerrie Mühren is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax.
Mahovci has an elevation of 223 metres above sea level.
Kim Barnett is a member of the Impalas cricket team.
Jonathan Howard is a footballer who plays for Burton Albion F.C.
The Sadang River is 180 kilometres long.
San Salvador has an elevation of 658 meters above sea level.
Saralee Thungthongkam participated in the women's doubles badminton event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stefan Johansen is a member of the Norway national football team.
Jingdezhen Luojia Airport is located 34 meters above sea level.
Norton's, Oregon, has an elevation of 187 feet above sea level.
Iliyan Kiryakov is a member of the sports team OFC Akademik Svishtov.
Zaza Janashia is a member of the Georgia national football team.
King Island Airport serves an area with a patronage of +34975.
Craig Stanley is a footballer who plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Taylor Peay is a member of the sports team Ogden Outlaws.
Ulrich Vinzents is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Johnny Downie is a member of the sports team Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
John Alt is 80 inches tall.
Bell, Wisconsin has an elevation of 339 meters above sea level.
Metcalfe Street in Ottawa has its details available in the attached KML file Template:Attached KML/Metcalfe Street.
Denys Vasin is a member of the sports team FC Belshina Bobruisk.
Luis Abramovich is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Belgrano.
Abhimanyu Mithun is a member of the Sunrisers Hyderabad sports team.
Marcel Oerlemans is a member of the sports team First Vienna FC.
Jorge Espinoza is a member of the Illinois Thunder sports team.
Mozambique has a life expectancy of approximately 50.007 years.
Stowaway is a 2001 film from Hong Kong.
The Statute of Westminster 1931 applied to the jurisdiction of Mauritius from 1968 to 1992.
Francisco Sánchez de la Fuente held the position of diocesan bishop.
Berrian Mountain has a topographic prominence of 927 feet.
Malcolm Thomas, born in 1988, is a member of the Austin Spurs basketball team.
Kimiko Shiratori is a member of the Japan women's national football team.
Abdellatif Boutaty is a member of the sports team Stade Toulousain.
Marcel Schied is a member of the sports team TSG Neustrelitz.
The Villa Viciosa Agta language is used in the Philippines.
Vladislav Kulik is a member of the sports team FC Rotor Volgograd.
Johannes Walther is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Robert Vidalin is a cast member in "Elena and Her Men."
Valerii Semenets is the rector of Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics.
Bobby McFerrin's album "Simple Pleasures" is in the English language.
Maxime Faget won the ASME Medal.
Rodrigo Ruiz is a member of the sports team Tecos F.C.
The 2016 Strade Bianche race had a distance of 176 kilometres.
Shlomi Yosef Azulay is a member of the sports team Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Roberto de Assis Moreira is a member of the sports team CR Vasco da Gama.
Kumano Nachi Taisha has part of its grounds in the Nachi Primeval Forest.
José Manuel Babak is a member of the sports team Club 2 de Mayo.
Kathryn V. Marinello is the chief executive officer of Thrifty Car Rental.
The Raven River is 85 kilometres long.
Billy Bitzer was the director of photography for "The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of."
Steve Balboni is a member of the Texas Rangers baseball team.
Yevgeni Pesegov is a member of the sports team FC Tolyatti.
Eckert Field Airport is located at an elevation of 426 feet above sea level.
Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin was the rector of Humboldt University of Berlin.
Rubén Capria is a member of the sports team Chacarita Juniors.
Antoine Tassy is a member of the Haiti national football team.
Deon Butler weighs 182 pounds.
Chiayi Park includes the Sun-Shooting Tower.
The 2016-17 Azerbaijan Premier League had 8 participants.
Kanagawa Prefecture owns Kanagawa Prefectural Road Route 75.
Davide Biondini is a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio.
Otis Roberts is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
Rocco Sabato is a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918.
Upshur County, West Virginia shares a border with Harrison County, West Virginia.
John Middleton, a footballer born in 1910, was a member of Darlington F.C.
The musical "Sally" features the character Rosalind Rafferty.
Ricky Januarie is a member of the sports team Lyon OU.
Sangamori Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
William Robert Colton worked in Paris.
John Burgoyne is described in The New Student's Reference Work.
Ardian Kozniku is a member of the sports team GNK Dinamo Zagreb.
Littlefield, Arizona is located at an elevation of 565 meters above sea level.
Brundage, Texas is located in the Central Time Zone.
Nick Wright, a footballer born in 1987, is a member of Tamworth F.C.
Aleksandr Molodtsov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Jorge Manuel Ulate is a member of the Costa Rica national under-20 football team.
Protoconchoididae is a taxonomic group that belongs to the parent taxon Monoplacophora.
Jon Conway is a member of the sports team Chivas USA.
Star Trek: The Next Generation (season 6) has 26 episodes.
Sania Mirza participated in tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gustav Siemon worked in Berlin.
Torrington, Wyoming, is located in the Mountain Time Zone.
The album "Paradise Lost" is written in the English language.
Faulquemont is headed by a mayor.
Jim Allenby is a member of the Leicestershire County Cricket Club.
Julia Dent Cantacuzène Spiransky-Grant was married to Prince Mikhail Cantacuzène.
The population of Ide in Kyoto is 79,100.
Paul Sabatier University has a category for its alumni called "Category:Paul Sabatier University alumni."
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 had 42 participants.
Amin Younes is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli.
Ethan Jolley is a member of the sports team Lynx F.C.
Kjetil Osvold is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Histon railway station has two platform tracks.
Mueang Ranong District contains the administrative territorial entity of Ngao.
Tobias Duffner is a member of the sports team Kickers Emden.
Bradley Bubb is a member of the Grenada national football team.
Alan Lascelles was awarded the Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath.
The topic main category for the 2008 BNP Paribas Masters is Category:2008 BNP Paribas Masters.
Joeri Schroyen is a member of the sports team VVV-Venlo.
Niklas Westberg is a member of the sports team AFC Eskilstuna.
Daniel Quaye is a member of the sports team Chongqing Dangdai Lifan F.C.
Aleksandr Valentinovich Zhidkov is a member of the sports team FC Saturn Ramenskoye.
R.A. Dickey is a member of the sports team Tacoma Rainiers.
Linköping/Saab Airport is managed under the patronage of +46 96.
Alim Karkayev is a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk.
Lee Beevers is a member of the sports team Ipswich Town F.C.
Neil Harvey is a footballer who plays for Hednesford Town F.C.
Winnenden has a population of +24,655.
Anton Kostadinov is a member of the sports team FC Montana.
Lewis Young is a member of the sports team Yeovil Town F.C.
Oguchi Uche is a member of the sports team Enyimba International F.C.
Franck Lepage was inspired by Karl Marx.
Chiba Prefecture owns Chiba Prefectural Road Route 32.
Vampeta is a member of the Sport Club Corinthians Paulista sports team.
Hesperange has a population of 12,395.
Mike Perkins is the illustrator of Ruse, a comic.
Panagiotis Spyropoulos is a member of the sports team Niki Volou FC.
Andy McGuigan is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
Ismo Lius is a member of the sports team Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, has two children.
Frank McEwen was educated at Mill Hill School.
Arne Feick is a member of the Germany national under-20 football team.
Marcus Richardson is a member of the sports team Harrow Borough F.C.
Salamanca Airport serves a patronage of 2,271 passengers.
John Paterson is a footballer who is a member of the sports team Leicester City F.C.
Giuseppe Alessi is a footballer who plays for S.S.C. Napoli.
Eta Microscopii has an apparent magnitude of +2.596.
Sydney Trains operates the Bankstown Line.
Lev Aptekar has an Elo rating of +2240.
Andy Marriott is a member of the sports team Nottingham Forest F.C.
Osip Senkovsky is described in the Russian Biographical Dictionary.
Randall William Cook was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Starpoint Gemini uses a computer keyboard as its input method.
Viktor Mikhalchuk received the Order of Merit, 3rd class, in Ukraine.
Souleymane Youla is a member of the Guinea national football team.
Harib Al-Habsi is a member of the Oman national football team.
Sergei Kosov is a member of the sports team Columbus Crew SC.
Ohio State Route 363 is 1.43 miles long.
Stanislav Savchenko has an Elo rating of 2526.
Sergei Kovalev received the Officer of the Legion of Honour award.
Yevgeni Varlamov is a member of the sports team FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Fritz Weiss was detained in the Theresienstadt Ghetto.
Eduardo Ribeiro dos Santos is a member of the sports team RC Lens.
Brian Deane is a member of the sports team Sheffield United F.C.
Gladstone, Queensland has an elevation of 21 metres above sea level.
Fabián Bordagaray is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia.
GoGo Penguin includes Chris Illingworth as a part of the band.
Marcel Gassouk was a cast member in the 1960 film "The Joker."
Deborah Richter is a cast member in the film "Winners Take All."
Carrie Preston is a cast member of The Good Wife.
Steve Buscemi was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male.
Dmitry Ignatenko, a footballer born in 1969, was a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok.
The Neustrelitz -- Warnemünde railway terminates in Neustrelitz.
Harry Penk is a member of the sports team Wigan Athletic F.C.
Jon Knudsen is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland.
Roberto Cortese is a member of the sports team A.S.D.P. Ribera 1954.
Lenzburg is situated at an elevation of 413 metres above sea level.
Bebe Neuwirth is a cast member in The Good Fight.
John Preskill had Sandip Trivedi as a doctoral student.
Omar Sowunmi is a member of the sports team Braintree Town F.C.
Mick Mahon is a member of the sports team North Shields F.C.
German Avenue Road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saxony.
The population of Sostis is 1,176.
Arad County contains the administrative territorial entity Dezna.
Townline Tunnel crosses the Welland Canal.
Nathan Paulse is a member of the sports team Ajax Cape Town F.C.
John Vogel contributed to the Catholic Encyclopedia.
Sofie De Vuyst is a member of the Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.
Jimmy Argue is a member of the sports team Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Alex Pineda Chacón is a member of the LA Galaxy soccer team.
The Mattersburg District contains the administrative territorial entity of Wiesen, Austria.
Omsukchan is located in the Vladivostok Time zone.
Andy Sayer is a member of the sports team Fulham F.C.
Serampore is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Catuji has a Human Development Index of +0.621.
Thomas Mavros is a member of the sports team Panionios F.C.
Miah Dennehy is a member of the sports team Waterford F.C.
Kota Airport serves an additional 215 patrons.
Soh Wooi Yik participated in the men's doubles event at the 2018 BWF World Championships.
Georgi Kaloyanov is a member of the sports team PFC Burgas.
Conor Ramsay is a member of the sports team Arthurlie F.C.
Hong Kong is a signatory to the Berne Convention.
Collado de la Vera has a population of 181.
Stefan Halper was educated at Stanford University.
Miguel Herlein is a member of the sports team Club Recreativo Granada.
John Brown, a footballer born in 1947, was a member of Stockport County F.C.
Martin McNeil is a member of the sports team Torquay United F.C.
Hristijan Dragarski is a member of the sports team FK Radnik Surdulica.
Jonas Lindberg is a member of the sports team Varbergs BoIS.
The Misumi Line connects with Kumamoto Prefectural Road Route 50.
Montenegro has a total fertility rate of 1.875.
John Morris is a member of the England cricket team.
Matthias Morys is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
Vallda has a population of 913.
Mikkel Andersen is a member of the sports team Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mario Cáceres is a member of the sports team FC St. Gallen.
La Rioja Province, Argentina contains the administrative territorial entity Independencia Department.
The Branisko Tunnel is 4,975 metres long.
Lapu-Lapu, Philippines, has a population of approximately 217,019.
Lusk, Tennessee has an elevation of 801 feet above sea level.
Iwate Prefecture owns Iwate Prefectural Road Route 225.
The Bolshoy Salym River is a tributary of the Chupa.
Antron Dillon weighs 270 pounds.
Aleksei Trinitatskiy is a member of the sports team FSC Dolgoprudny.
Stephan Loboué is a member of the sports team SC Paderborn 07.
Batman Returns was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Fuxian Lake has a length of 30 kilometers.
Pingfeng Mountain has an elevation of 3250 metres above sea level.
Muscat has an elevation of 69 meters above sea level.
Suradej Saotaisong is a member of the sports team Police Tero F.C.
Cory Gibbs is a member of the New England Revolution sports team.
Julianne Moore won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead.
Belle Valley, Ohio has an elevation of 227 meters above sea level.
Saeed Al-Zahrani is a member of the sports team Al-Wehda Club (Mecca).
Evan Bates participated in the ice dancing event at the 2019 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
The Wells Fargo Center in Los Angeles includes the Wells Fargo Tower.
Cec Edey is a member of the sports team Macclesfield Town F.C.
Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore is maintained by the National Park Service.
John Fishbaugher is a member of the sports team Kitsap Pumas.
Perth railway station in Scotland is adjacent to Ladybank railway station.
Thiouthioune has an elevation of 23 meters above sea level.
Jack Obersteller is a member of the sports team Grays Athletic F.C.
San Benedetto del Tronto is twinned with Alfortville.
Gutach im Breisgau has a population of 3,498.
The population of Poinville is 144.
The Rio de Janeiro Metro has Line 1.
Sanma Province uses the Tasmate language.
Gavin Strachan is a member of the sports team Corby Town F.C.
Ilitch Holdings was founded by Marian Ilitch.
Mike Williamson is a footballer who plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Japan National Route 313 is maintained by Hiroshima Prefecture.
Sandy Sánchez is a member of the sports team CF Granma.
Chris Brown, a footballer born in 1984, is a member of Norwich City F.C.
Paracetamol has a molecular mass of 151.063 daltons.
PJ Marsh is a member of the New Zealand Warriors sports team.
The James Monroe Building has 12 elevators.
Andreas Hilfiker is a member of the sports team FC Aarau.
Chinna Rajulagumada has a total of 419 households.
MacAskills Lake is located at an elevation of 192 metres above sea level.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference was founded by the Saeima.
"Inside Fighting China" is a program that lasts for 22 minutes.
Livio Pin is a member of the sports team Udinese Calcio.
Aurelio Bacciarini consecrated Domenico Bianconi.
La Roue Tourangelle season starts in April.
The population of Diyala Governorate is 1,371,035.
Walldorf has a population of 14,592.
Luke O'Neill is a member of the England national under-17 football team.
Werner Schroeter was a participant in Documenta 5.
Prayag-Bareilly Express is an express train operating in India.
Joel Filani is a member of the Tennessee Titans sports team.
Canaseraga Creek has a watershed area of 334 square miles.
Wang Wei participated in the men's doubles badminton event at the 2002 Asian Games.
R Coronae Australis is an infrared source.
Adrian Viveash is a member of the sports team Swindon Town F.C.
Strasbourg Airport serves approximately 964,000 passengers.
Misbun Sidek participated in the 1980 IBF World Championships Men's Doubles.
Sergi Darder is a member of the Spain national under-21 football team.
Clifford Heap is a member of the sports team Burnley F.C.
David Chipperfield received the European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards.
Dave Beasant is a member of the England national football team.
Francisco Zuela is a member of the sports team Xanthi F.C.
Mike Ambersley is a member of the St. Louis Strikers sports team.
Randy Kuhl held the position of member of the New York State Assembly.
Kaiji in the manga series is voiced by Toshiharu Sakurai.
Frank Richardson, a footballer born in 1897, was a member of West Ham United F.C.
Royersford, Pennsylvania, sits at an elevation of 239 feet above sea level.
Fiji has a population of approximately 754,923.
Ariel Damian Grana is a member of the sports team CD Toledo.
Fritz Lindemann received the Order of the Crown from Romania.
Dudgeon Offshore Wind Farm has an installed capacity of 402 megawatts.
Paul Adelstein is a cast member in the TV series Medium.
Chris Rogers is a member of the Australia national cricket team.
Sonny Pike is a member of the sports team Barnet F.C.
David Bruno is a member of the FC Porto B sports team.
Bruno Koagne Tokam is a member of the sports team Odivelas F.C.
The Software and Information Industry Association was founded in 1984.
Dean Chandler is a member of the sports team Woking F.C.
Thomas Birtles is a member of the sports team Barnsley F.C.
Kaliningrad Oblast contains the administrative territorial entity of Nemansky District.
The Lithuania national football team is ranked +98.
Itoigawa Station is adjacent to Himekawa Station (Niigata).
Gershon Koffie is a member of the sports team International Allies F.C.
Kadov in the Znojmo District shares a border with Petrovice in the same district.
Fort Sill is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The 2011 Kelantan FA season refers to the season of the Kelantan FA club or team.
Oliver Grainger voices the character in the TV series Arthur.
Mikhail Alfimov is a member of the sports team FC Yelets.
Hoyershausen has an elevation of 142 metres above sea level.
Samir Subash Naik is a member of the India national football team.
STS-60 has a periapsis of 348 kilometers.
The Hardanger District Court applies to the jurisdiction of Granvin.
Matthias Peßolat is a member of the sports team Chemnitzer FC.
Adam Sandler is a cast member in The Wedding Singer.
Jawad Williams is a member of the sports team Hapoel Jerusalem B.C.
Jason Ward is a member of the New York Rangers sports team.
Federico Nanni is a member of the San Marino national football team.
Peter Tempesta has a sister named Maria of Naples.
Jonathan Filewich's mass is 208 pounds.
Pavel Loskutov was a participant in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Kearney, Missouri has an elevation of 261 meters above sea level.
Lester Conner is a member of the sports team Rapid City Thrillers.
Luck, North Carolina is located at an elevation of 780 meters above sea level.
Youngs Bottom, West Virginia, is located in the Eastern Time Zone.
Leo White was a cast member in "Little Miss Thoroughbred."
The Elms is located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
The 2nd Spetsnaz Brigade was involved in the Second Chechen War.
Union Maids was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The Remains of the Day (film) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Production Design.
Ty Shipalane is a member of the sports team Richmond Kickers.
Laura Linney provided the voice for Arthur in the Christmas animated film.
Jerry Springer: The Opera features Steve Wilkos as one of its characters.
Heiwajima Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Ed Olwine is a member of the sports team Norfolk Tides.
Alessandro Petrucci was the consecrator of Pope Paul V.
Myleene Klass was the presenter of Miss World 2013.
The 2016 Internationaux de Strasbourg tournament includes the doubles event.
Gilles Sunu is a member of the sports team Derby County F.C.
Winslow, Arkansas has an elevation of 527 meters above sea level.
Pentala Harikrishna has an Elo rating of 2741.
The 1987 film Sleeping Beauty is based on the fairy tale "The Beauty Sleeping in the Wood."
Duffy Cobbs has a mass of 178 pounds.
Vanderson Stolk Francisco is a member of the Central Sport Club.
Svoboda in Burgas Province has an elevation of 24 metres above sea level.
Oleksandr Koval is a member of the sports team FC Metalurh Donetsk.
Oliver Springs, Tennessee, sits at an elevation of 243 meters above sea level.
Ivan Petkov is a member of the sports team FC Kaliakra Kavarna.
The Rehburg Hills have an elevation of 138 metres above sea level.
La Chapelle-Yvon has a population of 525.
Peng Bunchay is a member of the sports team Boeung Ket Angkor FC.
The Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway owns the Vuarennes station.
Julio Marchant is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors.
Wang Mang is described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia.
Guido Balsamo Stella has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum.
Gare de Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is adjacent to Gare de Gannat.
The population of Devanakonda is 10,493.
Estonia's inflation rate is 3.9 percent.
The South Asian Federation of Accountants is an international organization.
State Route 343 between New York and Connecticut is approximately 18.45 miles long.
Pavel Bugalo is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team.
Joel Sánchez, a Mexican footballer, is a member of the sports team C.D. Guadalajara.
Kagawa Prefecture owns Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 24.
Sofiane Ben Braham is a member of the sports team Amiens AC.
Faryab Province has an elevation above sea level of 584 metres.
Doug Beach is a member of the sports team Colchester United F.C.
Hristo Yanev is a member of the sports team PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.
The Parc Naturel Régional de la Chartreuse is located in the administrative territorial entity of Barraux.
Vaja has a population of 3515.
Altbach has a population of 5,559.
Bridget Malcolm is represented by The Society Management.
Stockport, Iowa has an elevation of 229 metres above sea level.
Aroostook County, Maine contains the administrative territorial entity Ludlow, Maine.
Chandler Catanzaro is 191 centimeters tall.
Leigh Jakes is a member of the sports team Kokkola Futis 10.
Xiangtan North railway station has 3 platform tracks.
Exhibition Stadium cost 17.6 million Canadian dollars.
Artem Simonyan is a member of the Armenia national football team.
Dimitris Karademitros is a member of the sports team Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Kita-Urawa Station has 2 platform tracks.
Shimane Prefecture owns Shimane Prefectural Road Route 310.
The 26th Division of the German Empire was located in Stuttgart.
Marcello Boldrini is described by the BEIC Digital Library.
Roger Morin was the consecrator for Francis B. Schulte.
Youssef Absi consecrated Gregory III Laham.
Sydney Airport's patronage has increased to +681,321 passengers.
Dennis Schmidt is a footballer who is a member of TSV Meerbusch.
The Fraunhofer Society has a subsidiary called the Fraunhofer Institute for Photonic Microsystems.
Lake Gardner Seaplane Base is located at an elevation of 87 feet above sea level.
Javier Bardem was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Actor.
Hakim Warrick is a member of the Phoenix Suns basketball team.
Pennsylvania Route 445 is approximately 11.998 miles long.
John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Melanie Garside-Wight is a member of the sports team Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C.
Agustín Torassa is a member of the sports team Chacarita Juniors.
The Burundi national football team has moved up in the rankings by +112 positions.
Vercelli railway station is adjacent to San Germano Vercellese train station.
Highlander: The Series features a character named Darius.
Frans Badens works in Amsterdam.
The Rhode Island Historical Society reported a total revenue increase of $652,075.
Waldeck Ornelas was a signatory to the Constitution of Brazil.
Fausto Fernandes was a signatory to the Constitution of Brazil.
John Fleming, a footballer born in 1890, was a member of the Newcastle United F.C. team.
Roskilde Airport serves an area with a patronage of +30252.
Saessolsheim is headed by its mayor.
Anatoli Kozhemyakin weighs 78 kilograms.
Eswatini has a life expectancy of 47.805 years.
Salmon Falls, California, is located at an elevation of 469 feet above sea level.
Kelve Road railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Sarah Wagenfuhr is a member of the Western New York Flash soccer team.
Nagano Prefecture owns Nagano Prefectural Road Route 183.
André Gomes is a member of the FC Barcelona sports team.
Jeff Francis is a member of the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team.
Nick Ingman was educated at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
The 900 South station is maintained by the Utah Transit Authority.
Clayton Township in Perry County, Ohio, has an elevation of 299 meters above sea level.
Fatboy Slim won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction.
Gunma Prefecture owns Gunma Prefectural Road Route 222.
Roman Oreshchuk is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Yani Urdinov is a member of the Belgium national under-17 football team.
Simona Quadarella participated in the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships.
Jordan Kirkpatrick is a member of the sports team Dumbarton F.C.
Jermaine Jackson is a member of the Great Lakes Storm basketball team.
J. Smith-Cameron is a cast member in The Equalizer.
Asempa FM broadcasts at a frequency of 94.7 megahertz.
Frank Martin, the mayor, speaks and writes in English.
Sara Bronfman is a sibling of Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Sven Dodlek is a member of the Slovenia national under-17 football team.
Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. is a single-player video game.
Supriyadi is a footballer who plays for Persitara Jakarta Utara.
Shanghai Express was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Gibralter Hill has an elevation of 483 metres above sea level.
Ludwigsfelde-Struveshof station has 2 platform tracks.
Freddie Woodman is a member of the sports team Crawley Town F.C.
Donald Duck's universe is described in the story "Trash or Treasure."
Pat Heard is a member of the sports team Rotherham United F.C.
Wally Schang is a member of the Boston Red Sox sports team.
Wilman Conde is a member of the sports team S.D. Aucas.
Tony Bird, a footballer born in 1974, was a member of Cardiff City F.C.
North Korea's total fertility rate is 1.991.
Freck Langsam has a duration of 84 minutes.
Emiliano Bigica is a member of the sports team Mantova 1911 S.S.D.
Rena Inoue partners with John Baldwin, a figure skater, in business or sport.
Sorin Cârțu is a member of the sports team CS Universitatea Craiova.
Ken Wallace participated in canoeing at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The common shrew has a gestation period of about 20 days.
Sif Ruud is a cast member of "Sommar och syndare."
Theta Centauri has an effective temperature of 4755 kelvin.
Elisabeth Risdon was a cast member in The Roaring Twenties.
Jaime Navarro is a member of the Chicago Cubs baseball team.
Milton James is a cast member in the 1987 film "The Stranger."
Liteyny Bridge is 396 metres long.
Henrique Loureiro dos Santos is a member of the sports team Esporte Clube Bahia.
Nikola Marinov was a student of Ilija Petrov.
Ian Muir is a member of the sports team Tranmere Rovers F.C.
El Salvador's inflation rate is 9.8 percent.
Iba, Zambales is headed by a mayor.
Marco Rossi, a footballer born in 1987, is a member of the sports team Robur Siena.
Hagens Berman Axeon participated in the 2019 Tour of Utah.
The Viking Stadion has a maximum capacity of 16,300.
Barra Airport serves 8,486 patrons.
Jamie McQuilken is a member of the sports team St Johnstone F.C.
Bates County, Missouri shares a border with Cass County, Missouri.
Colin Blakely is a cast member of Red Monarch.
Matthias Lehmann is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart II.
Dimitrios Verginis is a member of the sports team Panathinaikos B.C.
Vladimir Kazakov is a member of the sports team FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Shlomi Avisidris is a member of the sports team Hapoel Ironi Safed F.C.
Serge Djiehoua is a member of the sports team Stella Club d'Adjamé.
Ronen Harazi is a member of the Israel national football team.
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire are available in the French language.
Jim Barron is a member of the sports team Peterborough United F.C.
Ball's Bluff Battlefield and National Cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ramón Rivas participated in the 1990 FIBA World Championship.
Ken Loach received the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Andrea Gasbarroni is a member of the Italy national under-18 football team.
Fabio Lauria is a member of the sports team Parma Calcio 1913.
New Harmony, Utah, has an elevation of 1,617 meters above sea level.
The Sky Office Tower has 22 floors above ground.
Ryan Baldacchino is a member of the sports team Hume City FC.
Maure in Pyrénées-Atlantiques has a population of 112.
Dillingen district contains the administrative territorial entity Villenbach.
Tony Smith is a member of the Phoenix Eclipse basketball team.
Ichikawa-Hommachi Station is located in the Japan Standard Time zone.
Andy Kennedy, a footballer born in 1964, was a member of the Sheffield United F.C. team.
Camille Patha is focused on the Art + Feminism project within the Wikimedia ecosystem.
Banj, Croatia, is located in Zadar County.
Porto Santo Airport serves 1,083 people.
Artyom Kulishev is a member of the sports team FC Vityaz Podolsk.
Bojan Djordjic is a member of the sports team Aarhus Gymnastikforening.
Andrzej Kubica is a member of the sports team Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Marianne Vos won the 2010 Giro d'Italia Femminile.
Amir Hossein Yousefi is a member of the sports team Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Walter Tyndale worked in Paris.
Juanjo is a futsal player who is a member of Santiago Futsal.
Taylor Pyatt is a member of the Buffalo Sabres sports team.
Adam Stachowiak is a member of the sports team Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Jan Justus Enschedé has a sibling named Frederik Eduard Enschedé.
Randy Niemann is a member of the Minnesota Twins sports team.
Alnus cremastogyne has fruits of the type nucule.
Milano Certosa railway station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone.
Luke McAlister is a member of the sports team Sale Sharks.
ABNT NBR 15607 is a technical standard.
Hejiang County contains the administrative territorial entity Fawangsi.
Marshall Soper is a member of the Australia national soccer team.
Tol Air was established in 1981.
The NGC 5679 Group has an apparent magnitude of +12.200.
André Luciano da Silva is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional.
Morten Christensen is a cast member in the film "This Life."
Olympiakos Nicosia participated in the 1954-55 Cypriot First Division.
Eaton Square connects with Lyall Street.
Zyryansky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time time zone.
Antun Kovacic is a member of the sports team Oakleigh Cannons FC.
Ricardinho Paraiba is a member of the sports team Valeriodoce Esporte Clube.
Pontassieve has a population of 20,646.
Efosa Eguakun is a member of the Nigeria national under-23 football team.
Paulo Henrique Carneiro Filho is a member of the sports team Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
Albert Hall participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nitish Kumar holds the position of Chief Minister of Bihar.
Winterthur Wallrüti railway station is located at an elevation of 458 metres above sea level.
Eugene Chung is 193 centimeters tall.
Chiraiotsu Station is adjacent to Ishikari-Tsukigata Station.
Miss Venezuela 2012 was presented by Mariángel Ruiz.
Vladimir Golmak coaches the sports team FC SKVICH Minsk.
Kymi River is described in the Small Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Simone Borgheresi won the 2000 Giro del Trentino.
The County of Moira contains the administrative territorial entity Boomahnoomoonah.
Gustavo Bastos is a member of the sports team ABC Futebol Clube.
Georgi Kanev participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Kamarul Effandi is a member of the sports team Perak FA.
Daniel Waenga is a member of the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union team.
David Chadwick Smith was educated at Harvard University.
Brian Vandenbussche is a member of the women's sports team Club Brugge KV.
Erftstadt has an elevation of 94 meters above sea level.
The 1992 Leeds City Council election followed the 1991 Leeds City Council election.
Rio Grande City, Texas, has an elevation of 53 meters above sea level.
Silvio Pagano is a member of the sports team Wuppertaler SV.
Kazuhiro Suzuki is a member of the sports team JEF United Chiba.
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania is a subsidiary of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education.
Drew Powell is a cast member in the TV series Twisted.
Podgora in Dobrepolje has an elevation of 438.9 meters above sea level.
Robert Baxter Llewelyn held the position of Administrator of Grenada.
NGC 6210 has a right ascension of +251.1229983222050 degrees.
S Coronae Australis has an apparent magnitude of +11.76.
Berrilee, New South Wales, has an elevation of 182 meters above sea level.
Sascha Lenhart is a member of the sports team Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
The Haixia Olympic Center has a maximum capacity of 60,000.
The Tuska Open Air Metal Festival takes place in VR warehouses.
Eynsham railway station has 2 platform tracks.
Parli Vaijnath railway station is located in the Indian Standard Time zone.
Ramon Sinkeldam is 193 centimeters tall.
The Tunnel (2009 film) was originally filmed in the Shona language.
The female population in Keilor North, Victoria, has increased by 34.
Walnut Springs, Texas, has an elevation of 278 meters above sea level.
Ruslan Khubetsov is a member of the sports team FC Elista.
Chozas de Abajo has a population of 2,449.
Bill Cobbs is a cast member in the film Duck.
Lilian Astier is a member of the sports team FC Mulhouse.
Patrick Galbraith plays ice hockey for Frölunda HC.
The 2012 film Deadfall has an aspect ratio of 2.35:1.
The South Estonian language includes the Mulgi dialect.
Darryl Shannon was a member of the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996.
Marlon Moore's mass is 190 pounds.
Sophia Kokosalaki, a Greek fashion designer born on January 1, 1972, in Athens, is educated at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and identifies as female.
During the 2007-2008 season, the Cypriot Fourth Division was won by Digenis Oroklinis, who was also promoted. Enosis Kokkinotrimithia and ASPIS Pylas were among the participating teams.
The song "Belfast Child," performed by Simple Minds, was adapted and composed by Jim Kerr, with lyrics also contributed by Charlie Burchill. It is based on a traditional piece.
The HM Passport Office, an executive agency and organizational subdivision of the United Kingdom, was established on 13 May 2013 and is headquartered at 2 Marsham Street. It is regulated by the Identity Documents Act 2010.
Block Island, which is coextensive with New Shoreham, is an island located in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. It was established in 1664 and is situated in the Atlantic Ocean.
The 2018 film "Venom" was released on October 5, 2018, and is rated for ages 15 and up. It was directed by Ruben Fleischer and features cast members Ellen Gerstein and Scott Haze.
Dmitry Skolil is a male canoeist from Czechoslovakia who participates in canoeing and kayaking.
The 2001 Betty Barclay Cup Women's Singles is a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association, held in 2001.
André Ghem, a male tennis player born on May 29, 1982, in Porto Alegre, Brazil, represents his country in tennis.
Andre Cushing III, a member of the Republican Party, including the Maine Republican Party and the broader Republican Party in the United States, serves as a member of the Maine House of Representatives and is also a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council. He is a human.
True at First Light, authored by Ernest Hemingway and published by Charles Scribner's Sons in 1999, is both a memoir and a work of fiction.
Love Is in the Air, a musical film directed by Simon Staho and released on June 23, 2011, stars Donna Marie Thyrrestrup and Claus Gerving.
Taylor Ware is a female human who performs country music and uses her voice as her instrument. Her family surname is Ware.
Pierre Bousmanne, a male born in 1925, was a field hockey player.
Palisades Park, a borough in New Jersey, United States, was established on March 22, 1899, and is located in Bergen County, sharing a border with Leonia, New Jersey.
The 1977 Paris Open men's singles tennis event took place in France in 1977.
Tune Up! is a jazz album released in 1971 by Don Patterson, produced by Ozzie Cadena, and recorded under the label Prestige Records.
Regina Ip, a Chinese politician born on August 24, 1950, in Hong Kong, was educated at the University of Hong Kong and identifies as female.
Flavia Company, born on September 27, 1963, in Buenos Aires, is a Spanish citizen and has worked as a screenwriter, journalist, and writer.
"For a Friend" is a pop music single by The Communards, released in 1988, and part of their album "Red."
Spy Groove is a television series created by Elliot M. Bour and directed by Elliot M. Bour and Saul Andrew Blinkoff, first published in 2000 in the United States.
Bayswater railway station, which was named after Bayswater, Victoria, served the area as a train station until it was officially closed on October 15, 2016, after being opened on December 4, 1889. It is owned by VicTrack.
Tom Hasslan, a male guitarist and musician, was born on November 23, 1983, in Kongsberg and is a jazz musician.
Imanol Rojo, a male cross-country skier born on November 30, 1990, in Tolosa, Gipuzkoa, is a citizen of Spain and participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 2015.
Sukavich Rangsitpol, a male politician born on December 5, 1935, in Bangkok, Thailand, held the position of Member of the House of Representatives of Thailand.
Roman Zobnin, a male football player born on February 11, 1994, in Irkutsk, Russia, participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Sublime is a band formed in 1988 in the United States, known for genres including reggae rock and ska punk, and signed to Gasoline Alley Records.
Yasuhito Morishima, a Japanese male born on September 18, 1987, in Kobe, is a football player who plays association football.
Briton Ferry Athletic F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1925 and played in the Welsh Football League Division Three until it was dissolved in 2009.
Dumpy Goes to the Big Smoke is a short film directed and written by Mirrah Foulkes, produced by David Michôd, and starring Anthony Hayes. It was released on January 1, 2012.
Keith Potger, an Australian folk musician and human, received the Officer of the Order of Australia award, was educated at Melbourne High School, and performs with his voice.
Chief White Eagle is a silent film produced by Siegmund Lubin and directed by Romaine Fielding, which starred Romaine Fielding. It was released in 1912.
Claudio Nieto Jiménez, a male from Chile born on September 24, 1977, in Santiago, is both a triathlete and a ski mountaineer.
Shane Mangroo, a male swimmer from Seychelles born on March 12, 1993, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Judah and 19th Avenue station, an instance of a tram stop owned by the San Francisco Municipal Railway, is located in San Francisco, United States, and opened on October 21, 1928, serving the N Judah line.
The Warehouse District/Hennepin Avenue station, owned by Metro Transit in Minnesota, is a train station that opened on June 26, 2004, and is adjacent to the Target Field station in the United States.
Orbisongs is a rock music album released in 1965 by Roy Orbison, produced by Fred Foster, and recorded under the label Monument Records.
Out of the Dark is a science fiction novel and alien invasion story by David Weber, published on 28 September 2010 in the United States.
Andriy Khomin is a Ukrainian human who plays as a defender for FC Borysfen Boryspil.
Dusty's Trail is a television comedy series from the United States, directed by Earl Bellamy and Leslie H. Martinson, and starring Bob Denver.
Yuliana Slashcheva, a businessperson born on September 9, 1974, in Moscow, is a citizen of Russia (formerly the Soviet Union). She identifies as female.
Onaje Allan Gumbs, born on September 3, 1949, in New York City and a citizen of the United States, is a jazz musician, pianist, and songwriter.
Patrik Abrahám, born on December 10, 1991, in Czechoslovakia, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for FK Dubnica and specializes in association football.
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor is a Japanese action and platform video game published by Capcom, released on March 1, 1992.
Hong Tai-kwai, a female gymnast born on December 8, 1946, in Pingtung City, Taiwan, participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Creighton University, a private not-for-profit educational institution located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, is affiliated with the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities and was founded in 1878.
Trading Places is a film released on January 1, 1983, starring Philip Bosco and Eddie Jones, among others, though it is noted for its toplessness scene. It was also released on December 16, 1983.
Maggi Hambling, a British female painter born on October 23, 1945, in Suffolk, was educated at the Slade School of Fine Art.
Harri Nykänen, a Finnish writer and journalist born on June 20, 1953, in Helsinki, has worked as both a screenwriter and a journalist.
Greg Feek, a male rugby union player born on 20 July 1975 in New Plymouth, New Zealand, holds New Zealand citizenship.
Margot Eppinger, a female athletics competitor born on January 1, 1952, in Denkendorf, Baden-Württemberg, participated in the sport of athletics.
Yuma Kawamori, a male football player born on February 1, 1993, in Yokkaichi, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football.
"The Way of Cross and Dragon," a science fiction short story by George R.R. Martin, was published in Omni magazine on June 1, 1979.
The Unicorn Series is a speculative fiction novel series authored by Tanith Lee, published in 1991, and originates from England. It is a literary trilogy.
Metal Masters is a fighting game developed by Bit Managers and published by Electro Brain, released on December 19, 1993, with music composed by Alberto Jose González.
George Aiken is a human who was educated at Brattleboro Union High School and a primary school. He held the positions of Lieutenant Governor of Vermont and Governor of Vermont, and his work location was in Montpelier, Vermont.
The Statue of Niels W. Gade, created by Vilhelm Bissen in 1897, is a bronze statue located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark.
Bothwell Chapungu, a male cricketer born on November 22, 1987, in Kwekwe, Zimbabwe, plays cricket.
The Malediction is a French novel published in 1951 by Éditions Gallimard.
Enzo Sacchi, a male from Italy, participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and was a track cyclist for Italy.
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, a business based in Rancho Cordova, California, United States, was founded in 1915 and owns Aerojet.
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 is a sports video game published by Electronic Arts and developed by EA Vancouver, released on June 17, 1997, for the Nintendo 64.
Eva Golinger, a female lawyer and journalist born on February 19, 1973, in New York City, holds citizenship in the United States.
Marlborough Girls' College, a secondary school established in 1963, replaced Marlborough College and is named after the Marlborough Region in New Zealand, located in the Marlborough Region administrative area.
Mike Bellamy, a male American football player born on June 28, 1966, in New York City, holds citizenship in the United States and plays American football.
Orivesi is a city and municipality in Finland, located in the Pirkanmaa constituency, established on January 1, 1869.
Marianna Csörnyei, a Hungarian mathematician born on October 8, 1975, in Budapest, works as a mathematician at University College London. She is a female citizen of Hungary.
Fernando Palomeque, a male born on March 20, 1968, in Mexico City, is both a former football player and a manager in association football, and he holds Mexican citizenship.
CZ12 is an action and martial arts film starring Jackie Chan, Shu Qi, and Daniel Wu.
Olga Ivanova, a Russian female taekwondo athlete born on March 23, 1993, in Verkhneuralsk, competes for Russia in taekwondo.
Christina Gonzalez, a female reporter from New York City and a citizen of the United States, was educated at the University of Miami and works for KTTV.
The SNCF Class Y 9000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive manufactured by Socofer and operated by SNCF, originating from France.
Dragon Age Pure is a Japanese magazine published by Fujimi Shobo, which began its publication on January 30, 2006. It originated on January 1, 2006.
De Staat is an alternative rock band formed in 2006 in Nijmegen, Netherlands.
Baishizhou station, an underground metro station in Shenzhen, China, was opened on September 28, 2009, and is part of the Shenzhen Metro system, located in Nanshan District.
Dean Brown, born on November 16, 1945, in McDonough, Georgia, was an American football player who played as a defensive back for the Miami Dolphins.
Mykolas Romeris University, founded in 2004 and headquartered in Vilnius, Lithuania, is a member of the European University Association and located in the administrative territory of Vilnius.
Bo'ness is a town in the United Kingdom, located within the Falkirk Council area and the administrative territorial entity of Bo'ness and Carriden.
Needle is a science fiction novel published in 1950 by Hal Clement, originally from the United States, and published by Doubleday.
The Charioteer of Delphi, a novel published in 2006 by Caroline Lawrence, is an instance of a literary work originating from the United Kingdom and published by Orion Publishing Group.
Marselisborg Palace, an architectural structure designed by Hack Kampmann, was inaugurated in 1902 in Aarhus Municipality, Denmark.
One Clear Call is a historical novel published in 1948 by Upton Sinclair, originally from the United States, and published by Viking Press.
The Statue of Henry Havelock, located in Trafalgar Square, City of Westminster, United Kingdom, is a public art piece created by William Behnes in 1861.
Jewelled Nights is a silent film released on January 1, 1925, directed and starring Louise Lovely, with Gordon Collingridge also in the cast.
The Rouge River Bridge, located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, was built and officially opened in 1994.
Abdul Gaddy, a point guard from the United States, plays for the Maine Red Claws and competes in men's basketball.
Aaron Westervelt is a human who plays as a midfielder for both Adelaide Cobras FC and Seaford Rangers FC.
Chetumal International Airport, an international airport operated by Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares, serves the city of Chetumal in Mexico.
Robert Bouloux, a French cyclist born on May 22, 1947, in Ploubalay, is associated with cycle sport.
Kalichaat is an Indian film directed and produced by Sudhanshu Sharma, with music composed by Sanjeev Kohli, originally in Hindi.
Barry House, a member of the Liberal Party of Australia, held positions as both President and Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council and attended Busselton Senior High School.
Dulquer Salmaan, a male actor and businessperson born on July 28, 1986, in Kochi, India.
Sylvan Hills High School, an instance of a state high school in North America, was established in 1956 and is located in the Pulaski County Special School District, Arkansas, United States.
The NZR KB class is a locomotive class operated by the New Zealand Railways Department, introduced in 1939 and retired in 1969, both in New Zealand.
Jan Fredrik Vogt, a Norwegian politician born on February 18, 1974, is a male deputy member of the Parliament of Norway and a member of the Progress Party.
Miki Tanaka, a female judoka born on October 20, 1987, in Nagahama, Shiga, Japan, competes in Judo.
Colorado State Highway 140 is a road maintained by the Colorado Department of Transportation, located in Colorado, United States, as part of the state highway system in Colorado.
Tarryl Clark, a female lawyer and politician born on July 31, 1961, in Norfolk, Virginia, holds citizenship in the United States.
Dulce Pontes, a Portuguese female singer and singer-songwriter born on April 8, 1969, in Montijo, Portugal.
Mario Torelli, born on May 12, 1937, in Rome, is an Italian classical scholar, art historian, and archaeologist.
Bruce Bouton, a male guitarist born in 1954 in South Carolina and educated at Virginia Commonwealth University, is a human.
Blade of the Immortal is a Japanese action drama film produced by Jeremy Thomas, originally from Japan but also associated with the United Kingdom.
Seiko Hashimoto, a female track cyclist, is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan and participated in the 1994 Asian Games, though she also competed in speed skating.
Son of Django, a film directed by Osvaldo Civirani and released on January 1, 1967, features actors Daniele Vargas and Ignazio Spalla, with music composed by Piero Umiliani.
"Si Todos Fuesen Iguales a Ti" is a pop music song by Miguel Bosé, composed by Antônio Carlos Jobim, and was released on Papito in 1992.
Zonergy, a company founded on January 1, 2007, with headquarters in Beijing, is owned by ZTE and operates in the palm oil industry.
Chris Biotti is a defenceman from the United States who plays ice hockey and was educated at Harvard University.
Douglas Luiz, a Brazilian male born on May 9, 1998, in Rio de Janeiro, is an association football player.
Robert R. Reisz, a human and paleontologist who works at the University of Toronto, was advised by Robert L. Carroll and mentored Michel Laurin.
Ivan Almeida Dias, a male football player born on August 28, 1972, in Niterói, is a human who plays association football.
Lee Trevino won the 1971 Open Championship, which took place at Royal Birkdale Golf Club and is part of The Open Championship golf season.
Rakesh Mohan, a male economist born on January 14, 1948, in Uttar Pradesh, India, holds citizenship in India and was educated at Princeton University.
Nina Bassuk, a female landscape architect and architect born on February 16, 1952, was educated at Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and works for Cornell University.
Youth, a film directed by Georges Lacombe and released on January 1, 1934, features composers Georges Van Parys, actors Lisette Lanvin, and Robert Arnoux.
The Kiev Municipal Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre for Children and Youth, an opera house and youth theatre located in Kiev, Ukraine, was established in 1982.
Jil is an action film produced by UV Creations, originally filmed in Telugu and directed by Sakthi Saravanan, with editing by Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao. The film originates from India.
Empire, a historical novel published by Random House in 1987, is an instance of a literary work originating from the United States and authored by Gore Vidal.
Kavalu is a fictional book written by S.L. Bhyrappa, published in 2010 in Kannada, and originated from India.
Hoar Cross Hall, an English country house and hotel, was built in 1871 by architect Henry Clutton and is owned by Hugo Meynell, located in the United Kingdom.
Vanessa Boslak, a French female pole vaulter born on June 11, 1982, in Lesquin, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Victoria (2015 film) is a PG12-rated movie starring Franz Rogowski and Martin Goeres, released on 11 June 2015.
The List of Delaware Byways is a highway system maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation, located in Delaware, United States. It was established in 2000.
Szandra Szalay, a female triathlete from Hungary born on July 30, 1989, competes in the sport of triathlon.
The Keio Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Yokohama, Japan, since 1999, played on hardcourt surfaces.
WAPS (FM) is a radio station owned by Akron Public Schools and licensed to broadcast to Akron, Ohio, in the United States. It was established on January 1, 1955, and is located in Ohio.
Elias Bjuhr, a male ice hockey player born on October 17, 1988, in Sweden, holds Swedish citizenship.
Tweetie Pie is a comedy and children's film produced by Edward Selzer, distributed by Warner Bros., originating from the United States, and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.
Serhiy Zahidulin is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv and has previously been a member of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Colton Hills Community School is a secondary community school located in Wolverhampton, United Kingdom, established on January 1, 1974.
The Elephant Celebes is a painting created by Max Ernst on January 1, 1921, and is located at Tate Modern in the United States. It is painted on canvas.
Kurt Stillwell is a human who plays shortstop and has been a member of both the Cincinnati Reds and the San Diego Padres.
Cedric Gondo, born on November 25, 1996, in Divo, Ivory Coast, is a football player who has played for Delfino Pescara 1936 and ACF Fiorentina.
The York County Courthouse, located in York, South Carolina, United States, is a Neoclassical-style courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places, designed by architect William Augustus Edwards.
Vin Bourke, born on September 14, 1933, in Henty, New South Wales, was an Australian rules football player who played for both the North Melbourne Football Club and the North Albury Football Club.
Auston Matthews, born on September 17, 1997, in San Ramon, California, is a male ice hockey player from the United States.
Satyamurthy, an instance of a film directed by Trivikram Srinivas and released on January 1, 2015, features Vennela Kishore and Upendra in its cast. The film is composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
Luciano Astudillo, a Swedish politician and member of the Swedish Social Democratic Party, was born on January 1, 1972, and serves as a member of the Swedish Riksdag.
Judith W. Rogers, a female judge born on January 1, 1939, in New York City and a citizen of the United States, was educated at Harvard Law School.
Dragon Hunters is a children's film distributed by InterCom, originally from Germany and Luxembourg, and directed by photography in French.
Sharon Needles, a male drag queen and singer born on November 28, 1981, in Newton, Iowa, holds citizenship in the United States.
"The Science of Discworld II: The Globe," written by Jack Cohen and originating from the United Kingdom, is part of the Discworld series, following "The Science of Discworld" and preceding "The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch," all in the English language.
Thomas Dougherty, a male diplomat born in 1951 in Casper, Wyoming, was educated at Brown University and is a human.
NHL 08 is a sports video game published by EA Sports on September 12, 2007, developed by EA Vancouver for Microsoft Windows.
The Alexander Theatre, an opera house and theater located in Helsinki, Finland, was built in 1879 as part of the Esplanadi-Bulevardi area.
Homemade Millionaire is an English-language reality television series from the United States, originally aired on TLC and set in New York City.
Demetrio Steffè, born on July 30, 1996, in Trieste, is a midfielder who plays association football for Robur Siena.
Frank Torre, a first baseman, played for the Philadelphia Phillies and the Atlanta Braves in baseball.
The Night Riviera is a passenger train service operated by Great Western Railway, which began on July 11, 1983, and operates as a night train in the United Kingdom.
Funtaine Hunter, a male American football player born on December 27, 1983, in Valdosta, Georgia, holds citizenship in the United States.
The Orpheum Theatre in San Francisco, United States, is a movie theater and theater structure that opened on January 1, 1926.
The 2003 Japanese Grand Prix, part of the 2003 Formula One World Championship, took place on October 12, 2003, at the Suzuka International Racing Course in Japan, as an event in auto racing.
Columbia TriStar Television, a business based in the United States and owned by Sony, was founded in 1994 and operated until 2002, after which it was succeeded by Sony Pictures Television.
Katya Adler, a female journalist born on May 3, 1972, in London, was educated at the University of Bristol and works for the BBC.
"After Hours at the London House" is a live album of vocal jazz performed by Sarah Vaughan, released in 1959 by Mercury Records under the production of Jack Tracy.
A Paris Apartment is a book authored by Michelle Gable, published on January 1, 2014, by Thomas Dunne Books in the United States, written in English.
Indie Allen, a male singer born on December 27, 1992, in Montego Bay, is a human with the surname Allen.
Muthal Mariyathai is a film directed and written by P. Bharathiraja, starring Sivaji Ganesan, with Ilaiyaraaja as the composer. It was released on January 1, 1985.
Iwanka Sanjula, a male cricketer from Sri Lanka, was born on February 16, 1997, in Galle.
Rag Tale is a comedy film directed by Mary McGuckian and starring John Sessions and Simon Callow, released in 2005.
Anzhi Arena, a soccer-specific stadium located in Kaspiysk, Russia, is operated by FC Anzhi Makhachkala and serves as the home ground for both FC Anzhi Makhachkala and FC Makhachkala.
Hammerson, a public limited company and business enterprise based in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1942, with its headquarters in London.
The Schleicher ASW 20 is a German aircraft from the 15 metre Class, manufactured by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co and designed by engineer Gerhard Waibel.
Roy Brindley, a male journalist born on June 10, 1969, in Southampton, United Kingdom, holds citizenship in the UK.
Hachi: A Dog's Tale, produced by Richard Gere and written by Kaneto Shindo, features actors Kevin DeCoste, Richard Gere, and Robert Capron in its cast, with the film originally in the English language.
Rough River Lake is a lake located in Kentucky, United States, with Rough River as both its outflow and inflow.
A Chef in Love is a romantic comedy drama produced by Temur Babluani and Alexander Rodnyansky, with Irakli Kvirikadze as the screenwriter and Jean-Yves Gautier in the cast.
Justin Catanoso, a male journalist born on November 5, 1959, in the United States, is educated at and employed by Wake Forest University.
Alexander Tarasov is a human who competes in pair skating for the Soviet Union. He has the family name Tarasov and the given name Alexander.
Gwethalyn Graham, a human author, received the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award and two Governor General's Awards for English-language fiction for her notable work "Earth and High Heaven." She was married to David Yalden-Thomson.
Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty, an Indian film produced and distributed by August Cinema, is originally in Malayalam and stars Sekhar Menon and Nedumudi Venu.
Mitchell R. Julis, a male business executive born on January 1, 1955, was educated at Princeton University and Harvard Law School.
Milton Jones, a male comedian born on 16 May 1964 in the United Kingdom, is educated at Middlesex University and works as a stand-up comedian.
The 2011 International Cup of Nice, a figure skating competition held in France, took place from October 26 to October 30, 2011.
Johan Sotil, a Peruvian male born on August 29, 1982, in Lima, has worked as both a football player and a manager in association football.
The Blue Bonnet is a drama film directed by Louis Chaudet and written by Eugenie Magnus Ingleton, produced by William Parsons, and was released in 1919.
"The Magician's Elephant" is a novel authored by Kate DiCamillo and published by Candlewick Press on January 1, 2009, in the United States.
Air Above Mountains is a live jazz album by Cecil Taylor, produced by Matthias Winckelmann, released in 1978. It falls under the genre of free jazz.
Jordan Palmer-Samuels, born on 10 June 1995 in London, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of Karmiotissa FC.
Masato Matsui, a male baseball player born on November 19, 1987, in Maebashi, Japan, holds Japanese citizenship and plays baseball.
Elizabeth Anton, a female football player born on December 12, 1998, in Auckland, New Zealand, specializes as a midfielder.
The Stranger Next Door is a novel published in 1995 by Amélie Nothomb, originally from Belgium, and published by Éditions Albin Michel.
Harvey Pulliam, an American outfielder and pitcher, plays for the Colorado Rockies.
Denis Shapovalov, a Canadian tennis player born on April 15, 1999, in Tel Aviv, is also known for his involvement in ice hockey.
Martin Cameron, a male football player born on June 16, 1978, in Dunfermline, United Kingdom, plays association football.
Velenka is a municipality in the Nymburk District of the Czech Republic, located in Bohemia and sharing a border with Kounice. It is also considered a cadastral area in the Czech Republic.
Paradise Hills is a film written by Brian DeLeeuw and produced by Adrián Guerra, starring Emma Roberts, Danielle Macdonald, and Awkwafina, all of whom speak in the film's original English language.
Marian Dougherty, a female football player born on November 25, 1984, in Denver, is a citizen of the United States and plays association football.
Takuya Murayama, a male football player born on August 8, 1989, in Osaka, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football.
The Supremes' album "High Energy," produced by Brian Holland and released under Motown in 1976, is a soul music album.
Jacob Gillbee, a male Australian rules football player born on 13 September 1992, plays for the Gold Coast Suns.
Hazel English, a musician born on November 27, 1990, in Sydney, Australia, is a female citizen of the country.
Cornelius Redick, a male American citizen born on January 7, 1964, played American football and was a member of the Green Bay Packers.
La mascotte is an opera in the opéra comique genre, composed by Edmond Audran and written by Alfred Duru. It was published in 1850 and is performed in the French language.
J-League Dynamite Soccer 64 is a sports video game published on September 5, 1997, for the Nintendo 64. Developed in Japan by Imagineer, it is an instance of a sports game originating from Japan.
The JGR Class 8150, an American locomotive class, entered service in 1890 and retired in 1927, operated by the Ministry of Railways in Japan.
The 1988 Tokyo Indoor tennis tournament, which took place in 1988, was a singles edition that followed the 1987 Tokyo Indoor tournament.
Suzuka 8 Hours is a Japanese racing video game released on October 10, 1992, for arcade platforms, set in Japan.
Jarmo Jokila, a male ice hockey player born on February 13, 1986, in Turku, Finland, is a citizen of Finland.
Hollyn, a female songwriter born on January 3, 1997, in Waverly, Ohio, is a citizen of the United States.
Morecambe F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom since 1920, plays in EFL League Two and is headquartered in Morecambe.
The Apostles is a thriller film from China, released on 17 January 2014, with Josie Ho in the cast. An earlier release date of 2013 is also noted.
Cam Neely, a winger in ice hockey, played for the Vancouver Canucks and the Boston Bruins. His family name is Neely.
Keiko Terada, a Japanese singer and singer-songwriter born on July 27, 1963, in Funabashi, identifies as female.
Faber and Faber, a book publishing company founded by Geoffrey Faber in 1929, is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
Tommy Steel, a male football player from Glasgow and a citizen of the United States, played association football for Fore River.
A Few Good Men is an English-language legal drama play by Aaron Sorkin, set in the United States and centered on the United States Marine Corps.
William César de Oliveira, a male football player born on October 17, 1968, in Cuiabá, Brazil, is a citizen of Brazil and plays association football.
"Every Loser Wins" is a pop music single by Nick Berry, released on BBC Records in 1986, and is part of the compilation "New Vintage: The Best of Simon May."
The Three Rivers Heritage Trail is a rail trail located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States, and designated as a National Recreation Trail in North America.
Renat Yanbayev, a male football player born on April 7, 1984, in Noginsk, Russia, participated in UEFA Euro 2008.
The Picton Reading Room and Hornby Library, a public reading room and part of Liverpool Central Library, was established in 1906 in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
Sibel Güler, a female taekwondo athlete born on September 28, 1984, in Bulgaria and a citizen of Turkey, resides in Ankara.
Vladimir Solovyov, a human and alumnus of Bauman Moscow State Technical University, received awards including the Gold Star, Order of Honour (Russia), and holds a Doctorate in Engineering from his alma mater.
Josef Tal was a human who was both a composer and a musicologist, known for his work in opera. He received the Wolf Prize.
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop is an English-language mystery film distributed by Warner Bros., starring Donald Woods and Ann Dvorak, and produced by Bryan Foy.
Martin Gethin, a male boxer born on November 16, 1983, in Walsall, United Kingdom, competes in boxing.
Mathew Barzal, a male ice hockey player born on May 26, 1997, in Coquitlam, Canada, plays ice hockey.
Fulvio Pea, a male born on February 10, 1967, in Casalpusterlengo, Italy, is both a former football player and a manager in association football.
Freddie Jenkins, born on October 10, 1906, in New York City, was a jazz musician, trumpeter, and composer who passed away on July 12, 1978.
Justin Orenduff, a male baseball player born on May 27, 1983, in the United States, plays for the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes.
Dmytro Tishyn, a male chess player from Ukraine, was born on June 24, 1988, and represents Ukraine in sports.
The Lowry Avenue Bridge, a steel bridge located in Minneapolis, United States, was inaugurated on October 2, 2012, and serves as part of the transportation infrastructure in Minnesota.
"O Prithibi Ebar Ese Bangladesh Nao Chine" is a song performed by Elita Karim, published on February 17, 2011, and associated with cricket in Bangladesh. The lyrics were written by Zulfiqer Russell.
Wizz Air UK, an airline based in London and a subsidiary of Wizz Air, was founded on September 26, 2017, with its hub at Luton Airport.
South Carolina Highway 83 is a road owned and maintained by the South Carolina Department of Transportation, located in the United States within South Carolina, and was established in 1938.
Phil Groeneveld, a male ice hockey player born on September 18, 1974, in Oshawa, Canada, plays ice hockey.
The NREC RL class locomotive, manufactured by the National Railway Equipment Company in Australia, is a diesel-electric locomotive operated by Southern Shorthaul Railroad and part of the locomotive class in Australia.
The Maserati Shamal is a sports car and a car model manufactured by Maserati, following the Maserati Khamsin and preceded by the Maserati 3200 GT.
Montmartre Rose is a silent film directed by Bernard F. McEveety, released in 1929, and set in Paris, originating from the United States.
Mike Matheson, a male ice hockey player born on February 27, 1994, in Pointe-Claire, Canada, plays ice hockey.
Alfred Pittard was a male politician born on August 3, 1868, who served as a Member of the Victorian Legislative Council and passed away on May 16, 1950.
Claudio O'Connor, a male singer born on April 28, 1963, in Llavallol, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina.
The Decision is a science fiction novel published by Scholastic Corporation on May 1, 1998, in the United States, authored by K.A. Applegate.
Neesha Wieser, a female netballer from New Zealand, was born on 25 October 1986 and is a human.
The Kirkby Project is a sports venue owned by Everton F.C., located in Kirkby, United Kingdom, operated by the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley, and designed by Barr Construction.
The University of Bolton, a public higher education institution located in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton, United Kingdom, has its headquarters in Bolton.
Rhinestone Cowboy, a country song produced by Dennis Lambert and composed by Larry Weiss, originated from the United States and was both nominated for and won the American Music Award for Favorite Country Single.
Acclaim Studios Manchester, a business headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom, was owned by Acclaim Entertainment and operated from 1987 to 2004.
Rock School is a documentary film directed by Don Argott and produced by Sheena M. Joyce, featuring Paul Green (a musician) in its cast. It was released on June 3, 2005.
Buffalo Airport, located in Texas, United States, was established on January 6, 1954, and serves the city of Amarillo.
Bas Paternotte, a male journalist born on September 1, 1976, in the Netherlands, holds citizenship in the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The Boeing AH-64 Apache, developed and manufactured by Hughes Helicopters in the United States, made its first flight on September 30, 1975, and entered service on January 26, 1984, with operators including the Royal Netherlands Air Force.
Mouhamadou Sarr, born on January 5, 1997, in Kaolack, is a football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Bologna F.C. 1909.
Al-Tai FC, an association football club based in Saudi Arabia since its inception on July 23, 1960, has its headquarters in Ha'il and plays in the Saudi Professional League.
Tokyo Fiancée, an autobiographical novel published in 2007, is a written work by Belgian author Amélie Nothomb, published by Éditions Albin Michel.
Gundello Godari is a film or TV show produced in both Tamil and Telugu languages, with Lakshmi Manchu and Sundeep Kishan in the cast, and it originates from India.
"The Electric Light Orchestra" is a studio album produced by Roy Wood, released under Harvest Records, and categorized as progressive rock. It is part of the band's studio albums discography and includes an edition titled "The Electric Light Orchestra - First Light Series."
Dean is a comedy film written by Demetri Martin, starring Demetri Martin, Kevin Kline, and Reid Scott, all of whom speak in the original English language version.
Barrett's Ferry Bridge, an instance of a bridge, was inaugurated on January 24, 2009, in James City County, Virginia, United States.
Henry Wood Hall, a concert hall located in Southwark, London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, was designed by architect Francis Octavius Bedford and is named after Henry Wood.
Dheena is an action film from India, set in Chennai, with Suresh Gopi and Yuvan Shankar Raja in key roles, and written by AR Murugadoss.
The Best of Sugar Ray is a pop rock album released in 2005 by Sugar Ray under Atlantic Records, produced by David Kahne.
Luke Glendening, a male ice hockey player born on April 28, 1989, in Grand Rapids, Michigan, holds citizenship in the United States.
Trish Hina, a female rugby union player born on May 3, 1977, is a citizen of New Zealand and a member of the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Nishi-Obihiro Station, an train station in Japan, was officially opened on September 8, 1907, and is located in Obihiro, Hokkaido, along the Nemuro Main Line.
Vivian Segnini, a Brazilian tennis player born on January 3, 1989, in São Carlos, is a female athlete in tennis.
The Winter Room is a novel published by Scholastic Corporation in 1989, authored by Gary Paulsen and originating from the United States.
Jermaine Gresham, an American human, was educated at Ardmore City Schools and plays as a tight end for the Cincinnati Bengals.
Allen Tankard, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born on 21 May 1969 in Islington and played association football.
Behind Closed Doors is a country music album by Charlie Rich, released in 1973 through Epic Records, with production by Billy Sherrill.
Over the Pop is a dance-pop album by Sabrina Salerno, released in 1991, following Super Remix and falling under the genres of dance-pop and pop music.
Wally Moon, a male baseball player, played as an outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals and was also a member of the Rochester Red Wings. He worked for John Brown University.
American Psycho 2, a thriller and horror film distributed and produced by Lionsgate Home Entertainment, stars Lindy Booth and Robin Dunne.
Super Adventure Rockman, an interactive film video game published on June 25, 1998, originated in Japan for the Sega Saturn and was published by Capcom.
Silent Hill 2, a Japanese video game published on September 24, 2001, is known for its psychological horror genre and was composed by Akira Yamaoka.
Gossip in the Grain is a folk music album by Ray LaMontagne, produced by Ethan Johns, released on October 14, 2008, under BMG Rights Management.
Ben Jeffries, a male rugby league player born on September 4, 1980, in Australia, holds Australian citizenship.
The 1995 Stockholm Open is a tennis tournament edition held in Sweden during the 1995 season.
The Greek National Tourism Organization, a government agency and destination marketing organization based in Athens since its inception on January 1, 1927, is part of the Ministry of Tourism in Greece.
Passaic County, located in New Jersey, United States, was established on February 7, 1837, and shares a border with Bergen County. Its capital is Paterson.
Adrian Liu, a Canadian badminton player born on September 17, 1983, in Prince Rupert, British Columbia, participated in the 2010 Peru International Badminton Championships in mixed doubles.
Grand Slam is an album by The Isley Brothers, released in 1981 by T-Neck Records. It belongs to the funk genre and originates from the United States.
Erling Moreno, a male baseball player born on January 13, 1997, in Cartagena, Colombia, holds Colombian citizenship.
Troy Menzel, a male Australian rules football player born on September 22, 1994, plays for both the Adelaide Football Club and the Carlton Football Club.
God: The Failed Hypothesis is an English-language written work published in 2007 by Victor J. Stenger, published by Prometheus Books in the United States.
Alabama State Route 239 is a road maintained by the Alabama Department of Transportation, part of the Alabama State Route System and located in Alabama, United States.
La Booga Rooga is a pop rock album released in 1975 by Andy Fairweather Low, produced by Glyn Johns, and recorded under the label A&M Records.
Imaginary Day is a jazz fusion album by the Pat Metheny Group, released on Warner Bros. Records in 1997. Pat Metheny also produced the album.
Lauri Johnson, a female actor born on December 27, 1949, in Santa Monica, California, holds citizenship in the United States.
Hang Lung Properties, an enterprise in the real estate economics industry, was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Hong Kong. It is owned by the Hang Lung Group.
"Girls of Riyadh" is an epistolary novel published on July 5, 2007, by Penguin Books. Written by Rajaa al-Sanea, it originates from Saudi Arabia.
Free Love is a comedy film directed by Hobart Henley and published in 1930, starring Conrad Nagel and written by Edwin H. Knopf.
Carthage College, an inception year liberal arts college located in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States, has its headquarters in Kenosha.
Mohammad Khodabandelou, born on September 7, 1999, in Tehran, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Paykan F.C.
WildStorm is a book publishing company owned by DC Comics, based in the United States since its inception in 1992, with headquarters in La Jolla.
Iowa is a state in the Midwestern United States, sharing borders with Minnesota and South Dakota. Its capital is Des Moines, and it includes Delaware County. The lowest point in Iowa is at the Mississippi River.
Yuki Muto, a male football player born on May 9, 1995, in Chiba Prefecture, plays association football for Matsumoto Yamaga FC.
Josh Ralph, a male rugby league player born on July 21, 1997, in Southport, Queensland, is a member of the Tweed Heads Seagulls. He is a human.
Adriana Lima, born on June 12, 1981, in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, is a model and actress.
Bertha Isaacs was a teacher and suffragette from The Bahamas who was also a member of the Progressive Liberal Party and played tennis. She identified as female.
Dave Carlock, a male songwriter and record producer born in 2000, specializes in hard rock music.
Albert Masland, a male politician born on September 18, 1956, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Dickinson College.
Tracers, directed by Daniel Benmayor and written by Leslie Bohem, features Marie Avgeropoulos and Taylor Lautner in its cast and was released on 20 March 2015 and 28 May 2015.
Wendy Armoko, born on May 8, 1978, in Jakarta, is an Indonesian male actor.
Argiro Zapata, a male sport cyclist from Colombia born on June 14, 1971, competes in cycle sport.
The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open was a tennis tournament organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals in India, running from 1996 to 2007.
Cecilio Lastra, a male boxer born on August 12, 1951, in Santander, Spain, is a citizen of Spain.
The Almost Impossible Gameshow is an English-language TV game show series that originated in the United Kingdom and was distributed by Endemol Shine UK, first airing on ITV2 on October 1, 2015.
Stephanie Grebe, a German female born on September 24, 1987, in Berlin, is a table tennis player.
Per Carlsen, a Danish male politician and diplomat born in 1948, served in both diplomatic and political roles.
Bojan Kusmuk, a male basketball player born on September 12, 1969, in Kraljevo, is a member of the sports team KK Sloga.
Babita, a female Indian actor, was born on April 20, 1948, in Mumbai and is a human.
Mother Holly, a children's film directed and screenwritten by Fritz Genschow, was released on December 5, 1954, with cast members including Werner Stock and Peter-Uwe Witt.
Massimo Carraro, a male politician and entrepreneur born on March 8, 1959, in Camposampiero, Italy.
The Ashram is an Indian novel published on April 2005 by Sattar Memon, set in India.
The Secret Ways, produced by Euan Lloyd and distributed by Universal Pictures, stars Howard Vernon, Sonja Ziemann, and Oskar Wegrostek in an English-language film.
The Pioneering Spirit, a working ship manufactured by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering and assembled in Geoje, operates under the flag of Malta for Allseas.
Hernani Almeida, a male musician born on April 7, 1978, in Mindelo, is a citizen of Cape Verde.
Night in Paradise is a historical film produced by Walter Wanger, with Ernest Pascal as the screenwriter. The cast includes Gale Sondergaard, Jerome Cowan, and Rex Evans.
The 1986 U.S. Open golf tournament, held at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in the United States, was won by Raymond Floyd in 1986.
Ten Modern Commandments is a silent romance film distributed by Paramount Pictures, starring Neil Hamilton and Esther Ralston.
Genaro Borrego Estrada is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and has held positions including member of the Senate of Mexico, President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, and Member of the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico. He works in Mexico City.
Wrong is an English-language comedy film with screenwriter Mr. Oizo, starring Regan Burns, William Fichtner, and Todd Giebenhain.
Jim Anderson, a male basketball coach from the United States, was born on April 20, 1937. His family name is Anderson.
Russell Martin resides in Montreal and was educated at Chipola College. He plays as both a third baseman and a catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Myles Wakefield, a male tennis player born on June 13, 1974, in Durban, South Africa, represents his country in tennis.
Takayuki Ochiai, a Japanese politician born on August 17, 1979, in Tokyo and educated at Keio University, is male.
Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses is an Italian comedy film written by Bernardino Zapponi, starring Giovanna Ralli, Giacomo Rizzo, and Gigi Proietti.
Lambert Belmas, a French male rugby league player born on August 11, 1997, in Carcassonne, is a professional athlete in rugby league.
The Oxford Internet Institute, founded by Derek Wyatt in 2001, is a research institute located in Oxford, United Kingdom, and is part of the University of Oxford.
Deep Saini, a male biologist and physiologist born on October 25, 1955, in Canada, was educated at the University of Alberta.
Your Memory and Me is a comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado, released on June 25, 1953, with cast members Domingo Soler and Pedro Vargas.
Brodie Moles, a male Australian rules football player born on November 7, 1985, in Hobart, plays for the Western Bulldogs.
Federico Proia, born on February 4, 1996, in Rome, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Robur Siena.
Georg von Habsburg, a male journalist born on December 16, 1964, in Starnberg, Austria, received the honor of being a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Victor Posa, a male ice hockey player born on November 5, 1966, in Bari, Italy, holds Italian citizenship.
Klaas-Jan van Noortwijk, a male cricketer born on July 10, 1970, in Rotterdam, is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and plays cricket.
Vaalii Faalogo, born on 11 September 1983 in Samoa, is a football player who plays association football and is a member of Vailima Kiwi FC.
Norm Spencer, born on February 23, 1958, in Canada, is a Canadian actor and voice actor.
River City Marketplace, an American shopping mall owned by RPT Realty, was opened in Jacksonville, Florida, on November 17, 2006.
The Pearl River Delta Metropolitan Region intercity railway, a regional rail system operated by China Railway Guangzhou Group and officially opened in 2011, is part of the broader network including the Dongguan-Huizhou intercity railway, all based in China.
Princesa Yamal, born on January 1, 1901, in Mendoza, Argentina, was an Argentine film actor and dancer.
Darwin's Radio, a techno-thriller authored by Greg Bear and published on August 31, 1999, is an instance of a written work originating from the United States.
The Skulls II is a thriller film composed by Christophe Beck, directed by Joe Chappelle, and starring Robin Dunne. It was released on January 1, 2002.
Marc Sagmoen, a male baseball player born on April 16, 1971, in Seattle, United States, is a citizen of the United States.
Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams was developed by Avalanche Software and released on the PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Game Boy Advance, with gameplay controlled using a DualShock 2 controller and distributed on optical discs.
Yamato Tamura, born on May 28, 1979, in Hachinohe, Japan, is a former figure skater who now coaches the sport and holds Japanese citizenship. He is male.
Avengers Grimm: Time Wars is a fantasy superhero film produced by Paul Bales and written by Jeremy M. Inman, released in 2015.
Rappottenstein is a market municipality in Austria's Zwettl District and shares borders with Groß Gerungs and Schönbach, Austria.
Generation 1000 Euros, an Italian film set in Milan, features Massimo Venier as the screenwriter and includes cast members Francesco Brandi and Francesca Inaudi.
Kristin Cooper, a female lawyer born on July 19, 1956, in the United States, resides in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, and was educated at the University of Oklahoma.
Yekaterina Marennikova, a Russian female handball player born on April 29, 1982, in Saint Petersburg, participated in the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.
Van Donge & De Roo Stadion, a soccer-specific stadium located in the Government of Rotterdam, Netherlands, was officially opened on July 23, 1902, and is owned by SBV Excelsior, which also occupies the stadium.
The Luxemburger Wort, a daily newspaper and periodical literature, was founded on March 23, 1848, in Luxembourg, and is owned by Saint-Paul Luxembourg.
Leigh Tudor, a male Australian rules football player born on September 25, 1969, played for both the North Melbourne Football Club and the Geelong Football Club.
James Okwuosa, a male football player born on September 14, 1990, in Lagos, Nigeria, is a citizen of Nigeria and plays association football.
Randika Galhenage, a female cricketer born on August 14, 1978, in Colombo, Sri Lanka, represents her country in cricket.
Diana is a biographical film distributed by Entertainment One and produced by Le Pacte, with Naveen Andrews and Juliet Stevenson in the cast, and produced by Douglas Rae.
Evan Dimas, a male football player born on March 13, 1995, in Surabaya, Indonesia, holds Indonesian citizenship and plays association football.
Deathstalker Rebellion, a science fiction novel published in 1996, is a literary work by Simon R. Green, originally from the United Kingdom, published by Victor Gollancz Ltd.
Bernard Pierce is a human running back who plays for the Baltimore Ravens and is from the United States. His surname is Pierce.
Tan White, a female basketball player born on September 27, 1982, in Tupelo, Mississippi, holds citizenship in the United States.
Pink Hill Airport, located in North Carolina, United States, was established on January 8, 1963, and is named after Pink Hill, North Carolina, serving as a transport hub for the area.
"Everything's on Ice" was produced and distributed by RKO Pictures, starring Wade Boteler and George Meeker, with Sol Lesser as the producer, and the film was originally in the English language.
Viktor Bolikhov, a Russian male born on December 1, 1983, is a football player who plays association football for FC CFKiS Lobnya.
Cyril Bagnost, a French male athlete born on January 24, 1985, in Épernay, plays for the Racing Club de France Football team.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot in Casa Grande, Arizona, located in Pinal County and operated by the Southern Pacific Transportation Company, is a train station that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places until it was dissolved, abolished, or demolished in 2009.
Humberto Ramos, born on November 27, 1970, in Mexico, is a Mexican illustrator, comics artist, and painter.
Gregg Blundell, a male football player born on October 3, 1977, in Liverpool, United Kingdom, plays association football.
Malo Vaga, a male born on April 12, 1965, in Samoa, has been both a football player and a manager in association football, and he holds Samoan citizenship.
Alfred Enoch, born on December 2, 1988, in London, is a Brazilian actor with careers in both film and television.
They Just Had to Get Married is a comedy film released on January 1, 1933, directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Preston Sturges, with Slim Summerville in the cast.
Jeon Hye-sook, a female politician born on May 5, 1955, in Chilgok County, South Korea, is a graduate of Yeungnam University.
Lorna Tolentino, a female actor and comedian from the Philippines, was born on December 23, 1961, in Concepcion, Tarlac.
Fist City is a country music album released in 1968 by Loretta Lynn, produced by Owen Bradley, and recorded under the Decca Records label.
Ground Control is a real-time tactics video game developed by Massive Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment for Microsoft Windows, released on June 1, 2000.
All the Rage is a novel by F. Paul Wilson, published on July 2000 in the United States. It is an instance of a written work belonging to the genre of novels.
P. Rajendran, a male politician born on August 28, 1949, in Kollam, India, is a citizen of India.
Kaori Nazuka, born on April 24, 1985, in Tokyo, Japan, is a versatile actor and voice actor in Japan, with her career spanning child acting and adult roles.
Luke Molyneux, born on March 29, 1998, in Bishop Auckland, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Sunderland A.F.C.
Mike Spreitzer, a guitarist born on February 10, 1981, in Torrance, California, is a U.S. citizen and male.
Pooja Khanna, a female archer born on November 19, 1990, in Haryana, India, received an Olympic gold medal.
Tod Sloan played ice hockey and was a member of the Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League, as well as the Pittsburgh Hornets. His family name is Sloan.
Erik Goeddel, a pitcher for the New York Mets from the United States, played his sport at The Nueva School.
Niklas Svedberg, a male ice hockey player born on September 4, 1989, in Sollentuna Municipality, Sweden, holds Swedish citizenship.
The General Office of the State Council, established in 1949 and headquartered in Beijing, is a government agency that replaced the Secretariat of the Government Administration Council and reports to the State Council of the People's Republic of China.
Morningtown Ride is a folk music single released by Malvina Reynolds in 1966, produced by Tom Springfield, and recorded under the label Columbia Graphophone Company.
Bullfighter and the Lady, produced by Republic Pictures and directed by John Wayne with Budd Boetticher, stars John Hubbard and Katy Jurado.
Ma Sufen, a Chinese female sport cyclist, was born on January 28, 1987, in China.
Damian Boeselager, a male, is a member of the European Parliament for Volt Europa and was educated at the University of Bayreuth and the Hertie School. He works for McKinsey & Company.
Ohlsdorf is a rural municipality located in the Gmunden District of Austria, sharing borders with Laakirchen and Gmunden.
Salto is a Polish-language film directed by Tadeusz Konwicki, featuring Zbigniew Cybulski in the cast, and was released on June 11, 1965. The film's score was composed by Wojciech Kilar.
The Tahitian Football Federation, established in 1989, is a sports governing body headquartered in Pirae, representing French Polynesia and overseeing association football under the Oceania Football Confederation.
Christine Blower, a female trade unionist born on April 20, 1951, in Surrey, was educated at Tolworth Girls' School and held the position of Secretary.
Ontario Highway 534 is a road located in Ontario, Canada, owned and maintained by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario, and it was established in 1956.
Vasilis Metaxoulis, a male football player born on June 16, 1995, in Katochi, Greece, is a citizen of Greece and plays association football.
Dinuk Wikramanayaka, a male cricketer born on May 15, 1994, in Kandy, Sri Lanka, plays cricket.
Chieko Higuchi, a Japanese female born on January 30, 1981, in Mitaka, Tokyo, is both a singer and a voice actor in Japan.
The Eisenhower Executive Office Building is a government building located in Washington, D.C., part of the White House Complex, and designated as a National Historic Landmark. It was designed by architect Alfred B. Mullett.
Lidia Vitale, a female actor born on October 12, 1972, in Rome, Italy, holds Italian citizenship.
I'm Still Swinging is a jazz album by Joe Newman, released in 1956 on RCA Records, following The Count's Men.
Jamie Hewitt, a male football player born on May 17, 1968, in Chesterfield, United Kingdom, plays association football.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orizaba, headquartered in Orizaba, Mexico, was established in 2000 and shares borders with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tehuacán.
Jason Gavadza, a male Canadian football player and citizen of Canada born on January 31, 1976, was educated at the University of Toronto and played for the BC Lions.
Sean Conover, a male American football player born on July 31, 1984, in Brockton, Massachusetts, holds citizenship in the United States.
Shishir Hattangadi, a male cricketer born on July 30, 1961, in Kolkata, India, is a citizen of India and plays cricket.
Peter Pund, a male born in Augusta, Georgia, plays American football as a center for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team.
Manuela De Iuliis, a female Italian sport cyclist, was born on March 23, 1991.
Tai Shui Hang station is an elevated Metro station operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, located in the Sha Tin District of China.
Enrique Romero, a Spanish male football player born on June 23, 1971, in Jerez de la Frontera, participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Speed Kings is a racing video game published on May 23, 2003, by Acclaim Entertainment in the United Kingdom for the Xbox console.
Odnoklassniki is a social networking website owned by Mail.Ru, headquartered in Moscow, Russia, and was launched on March 4, 2006.
Mr. Nookayya, an action film from India, was published on January 1, 2012, starring Manchu Manoj and composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.
Odoriba Station, a Metro station located underground in Yokohama, Japan, officially opened in 1999.
Ryan Esders, a male rugby league player born on 20 October 1986 in Kingston upon Hull, is a member of the London Broncos.
Jens Karlsson, a Swedish male born on November 7, 1982, in Gothenburg, is an ice hockey player.
The Alchemy of Desire is a novel published by Ecco Press on December 26, 2006, authored by Tarun Tejpal.
Greasy Lake & Other Stories is an English-language book published in 1985 by T.C. Boyle, published by Viking Press in the United States.
A Little Touch of Schmilsson in the Night is a pop music album released in 1973 by Harry Nilsson, produced by Derek Taylor and released under RCA Records.
Muse is an alternative rock album by Candy Lo, released on February 20, 2000, under Sony BMG, with Kubert Leung as the producer.
Roznovanu Palace, a city hall located in Iași, Iași County, Romania, is designated as a Monument istoric.
Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet, an essay authored by Mark Lynas and published by Fourth Estate in the United Kingdom in 2007, is a written work exploring the impacts of climate change.
RayForce is a Japanese video game published in 1993 by Taito, available on Android. It was composed by Tamayo Kawamoto.
Leandro Lacunza, a male football player born on July 21, 1997, in Punta Alta, Argentina, plays association football.
Sheriddin Boboev, born on April 21, 1999, in Tajikistan, is a forward for FC Istiklol and plays association football.
Ken Watanabe, born on October 21, 1959, in Uonuma, Japan, is a multifaceted actor with careers in film, stage, and television.
The 1st Venice International Film Festival, held in 1932 in Venice, Italy, was the first edition of the Venice Film Festival and was followed by the 2nd Venice International Film Festival.
Tom Nilsson, a Swedish male born on August 19, 1993, in Tyresö Municipality, is an ice hockey player.
Mixed Nuts, a silent short film directed by James Parrott and produced by Samuel Bischoff, featuring Stan Laurel in the cast, was released on January 1, 1922.
"The Pointy End" is an episode of a television series, directed by Daniel Minahan and written by George R.R. Martin. It was originally produced in English and aired on June 5, 2011, with music composed by Ramin Djawadi.
"The Final Countdown," a glam metal single by the band Europe, was released on February 14, 1986, through Epic Records and is part of the album "The Final Countdown."
Dushawne Simpson, a male football player from the United States born on December 5, 1972, plays association football and is a member of the Seacoast United Phantoms.
Hallsberg is an urban area in Sweden, located in the Kumla Municipality and serving as its capital. It falls under the category of Hallsberg.
Addys Mercedes, a Cuban singer-songwriter and musician born on January 1, 1973, in Moa, Cuba, is a citizen of Cuba.
Prester John, an adventure novel published in 1910 by John Buchan and published by William Blackwood, is written in the English language.
Gary Fan, a male politician born on October 30, 1966, in British Hong Kong, is a citizen of Hong Kong and was educated at the Academy of Art University.
Yu Hasegawa, a male football player born on July 5, 1987, in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan, plays association football.
Always and Forever, a pop music single by Kostas Martakis produced by Dimitris Kontopoulos, was released on January 1, 2008, under Sony BMG.
Not on Our Watch is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Los Angeles, California, founded by Don Cheadle.
Arthur Ashe Stadium is a tennis stadium owned by the United States Tennis Association and located within the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the United States.
GNR is a Portuguese punk rock band that was formed on January 1, 1981, and is associated with EMI.
Amal Allana, a female theatre director born on September 14, 1947, in Mumbai, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at the National School of Drama.
Chioma Ubogagu, a female football player born on September 10, 1992, in London, holds citizenship in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
Stan O'Neill, a male Australian rules football player born on January 6, 1932, played for the Sydney Swans.
Sealed Hearts is a drama film directed by Ralph Ince, released in 1919 in the United States, originally produced in the English language.
The City of Moonee Valley, an Australian local government area located in Victoria, was established on January 1, 1994, and shares its border with the City of Maribyrnong. Its administrative center is Moonee Ponds, Victoria.
Pat Crow, a male tennis player born on April 11, 1966, in California, holds citizenship in the United States and plays tennis.
Doom: Annihilation, an English-language film from the United States, is distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and stars Lorina Kamburova, Amy Manson, and Luke Allen-Gale.
Honey, a song by Moby, was composed with contributions from Moby, Bessie Jones, and Alan Lomax, and is from the United States, performed in the English language.
Seiloni Iaruel, a male football player born on April 17, 1995, in Vanuatu, holds citizenship of Vanuatu and plays association football.
Roberth Björknesjö, born on April 30, 1973, in Stockholm, Sweden, is both a former football player and a manager in association football, and he is male and a citizen of Sweden.
Elizabeth Manu, a female netballer born on September 16, 1986, in Wellington, New Zealand, represents her country in the sport.
Konoura Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on June 30, 1922, and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company. Located in Nikaho, Akita, it connects to the Uetsu Main Line.
Three in the Attic, a comedy-drama produced by Richard Wilson and distributed by American International Pictures, features actors Christopher Jones and Judy Pace in its English-language cast.
Fling in the Ring is a comedy film directed by Jules White and written by Clyde Bruckman, featuring Moe Howard in the cast. It was released on January 1, 1955.
Renan da Silva Costa, a Brazilian male born on September 4, 1987, in Campina Grande, is a football player who plays association football.
Transit, a drama film directed by Hannah Espia and released on July 27, 2013, received a Kijkwijzer rating of 9 and features Irma Adlawan in the cast.
Penmani Aval Kanmani, a film directed and written by Visu, was composed by Sankar Ganesh and featured Pratap K. Pothen in its cast. It was released in 1983.
Yolki 3 is a film directed by Levan Gabriadze and composed by Nikolai Fomenko, released on December 26, 2013, with cast members including Ivan Urgant and Anton Bogdanov.
The Ryan Center, owned by the University of Rhode Island and operated by Comcast Spectacor, is a building located in Rhode Island, United States, and is occupied by the Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team.
Texas State Highway 163 is a road owned and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation, located in Texas, United States, and was established in 1930.
Connor Gordon, born on September 11, 1996, in Huntington Beach, California, is a forward for Orange County SC, playing association football.
The Siege of El Arish, which took place from February 11 to February 19, 1799, was part of the French campaign in Egypt and Syria and occurred in Arish, Egypt.
Ahmad Nivins, a male basketball player born on February 10, 1987, in Jersey City, New Jersey, holds citizenship in the United States.
Ma Xichong, a politician born on January 1, 0912, in Changsha, is a male human whose father was Ma Yin.
Iowa Highway 150 is a road maintained by the Iowa Department of Transportation, part of the Iowa Primary Highway System and located in Iowa, United States.
Andy Reece, a male football player from the United Kingdom born on September 5, 1962, played association football for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Andre Agassi Tennis is a sports video game published on March 31, 1994, for the Sega Genesis, distributed as a ROM cartridge in the United States.
Detective School Dropouts is a comedy film produced by Yoram Globus, written by David Landsberg, and starring George Eastman, Giancarlo Prete, and Lorin Dreyfuss.
102 Minutes is a nonfiction book published by Times Books in the United States on January 2, 2005, authored by journalist Jim Dwyer.
Paul Butler, a male boxer born on November 11, 1988, in Chester, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and competes in boxing.
Jonathan Zwikel, a male ice hockey player born on July 16, 1975, in the Brussels metropolitan area and a citizen of Belgium, participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Aizkraukle Station, located in Aizkraukle, Latvia, is an instance of a train station operated by Latvian Railways, which also owns it, and it was officially opened in 1919.
Steve Mandanda, a French male football player born on March 28, 1985, in Kinshasa, participated in the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League.
Geoff Collier, born on July 25, 1950, in Blackpool, was a football player who played as a forward for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Arnold G. Kluge, a male zoologist and herpetologist from the United States, was born on January 1, 1935, and worked at the University of Michigan.
JellyRoll is a male rapper born on December 4, 1986, in Nashville, Tennessee, and he is a citizen of the United States.
Minuta slavy, a Russian-language TV show produced by Soho Media and originally aired on Channel One Russia, was presented by Alexander Oleshko from February 17, 2007, to April 29, 2017.
Norberg Municipality, a Swedish municipality located in Västmanland County, was established on January 1, 1971, and shares a border with Hedemora Municipality. It is part of Västmanland.
Robertstown GFC, a sports club founded in 1919, is headquartered in County Kildare, Ireland, where they play Gaelic football.
Rahul Mahajan, a male artist born on July 25, 1975, in Ambajogai, Mumbai, holds citizenship of India.
Darryl Worley's 2004 album, which is a collection of country music, was released under DreamWorks Records and produced by Frank Rogers.
Javagal Srinath, a male cricketer born on August 31, 1969, in Mysore, India, is a citizen of India.
The Riverside Municipal Auditorium, located in Riverside, California, United States, is a performing arts center and theater structure operated by Live Nation. It was inaugurated on January 1, 1929.
Guardians 4 is a Japanese band formed in Japan, known for their pop music, and their inception in 2009. Aika Mitsui is a part of the group.
Filip Mingotti, a Swedish male born on December 18, 1993, in Sweden, is an ice hockey player.
Plough Publishing House, founded by Eberhard Arnold in 1920, is a publisher owned by the Bruderhof Communities and headquartered in Walden, New York, United States.
Matt Doran, an Australian actor born on March 30, 1976, in Sydney, is known for his roles in both film and television.
Haygrove School is a secondary academy located in Bridgwater, Somerset, United Kingdom, which was established on July 1, 2011.
Valentina is a Spanish-language film directed by Eduardo Gondell, released on January 1, 2008, by Illusion Studios, with its origins in Argentina.
"People of Rome" is a film composed by Armando Trovajoli, starring Fabio Ferrani and Nanni Moretti, with publication dates of January 1, 2003, and January 20, 2005.
Bratty Babies, produced by Capital Arts Entertainment and distributed by Saban Entertainment, was made with English language production and originates from Canada.
David Mitov Nilsson, a Swedish male born on January 12, 1991, in Norrköping, is an association football player.
Gilbert Rozon, a Canadian male born on October 26, 1954, in Montreal, is both a television presenter and a talent manager.
Gung Ho is a film directed by Ron Howard and composed by Thomas Newman, released on January 1, 1986. The film features Clint Howard and Rick Overton in its cast.
Davis Wade Stadium, owned and operated by Mississippi State University, is a stadium located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States, and is home to the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team.
Simran Kaur Mundi, born on September 13, 1988, in Mumbai, India, is a model, beauty pageant contestant, and actor.
The Fiat 508 is a car model in the A-segment, manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, following the Fiat 509 and being succeeded by the Fiat 1100.
Virgilio Rodríguez Beteta, a Guatemalan historian and lawyer born on March 10, 1885, in Guatemala City, passed away on March 23, 1967.
Juan Redondo, a male football player born on 16 January 1977 in Camas, Seville, holds Spanish citizenship.
Arnhem Centraal railway station, located in Arnhem, Netherlands, is a train station owned by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. It was inaugurated on January 1, 1845, with its official opening on May 14, 1845.
Harry Roy is a British jazz musician.
The Liberty Bell Classic, an athletics meeting held in the United States, took place from July 16 to 17, 1980.
On the Fire is a silent film produced by Hal Roach, starring Marie Mosquini and Bebe Daniels, and it originates from the United States, now in the public domain.
Dean Edward Johnson, a male prosecutor born on July 15, 1950, in Atlanta, United States, is a citizen of the United States and graduated from Yale University.
Campbell Best, a male football player born on March 12, 1986, in the Cook Islands, holds citizenship there and plays association football.
Sidney Moraes, a Brazilian male born on March 3, 1977, in Ituiutaba, is both a former football player and a manager in association football.
The Secret Orchard is a silent film produced by Jesse L. Lasky, directed by Homer Scott, and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was originally produced in the English language and originates from the United States.
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, an association football club based in La Plata, Argentina, was founded on June 3, 1887, and plays in the Argentine Primera División.
Jillian Smythe, a female cricketer born on December 19, 1985, in Dublin, plays cricket professionally.
Jens Wahl, a male football player born on July 24, 1966, in East Germany, holds citizenship of both East Germany and present-day Germany.
Kodak Alaris, a private company limited by shares and part of the photo industry, was founded in 2013 and has its headquarters in Hemel Hempstead.
Brian Lavender, a male ice hockey player born on April 20, 1947, in Edmonton, Canada, is a citizen of Canada.
Josh Robinson, a male basketball player born on March 13, 1996, in St. Louis, plays for the Austin Peay Governors.
Scaredy Cat is an English-language comedy horror film produced by Edward Selzer, distributed by Warner Bros., and part of the Merrie Melodies series, originating from the United States.
John Scott, a male ice hockey player born in 1928 and a citizen of Canada, played for the East York Lyndhursts.
DubVision is a Dutch musical duo formed in the Netherlands in 2010, known for their electro house genre and signed to Spinnin' Records.
Chwalfa is a novel written by Thomas Rowland Hughes and published by Gomer Press in Wales. The work is originally written in the Welsh language.
The Captive Temple, authored by Jude Watson and published by Scholastic Corporation on April 1, 2000, is a novel from the United States.
The Duke Spirit, an alternative and garage rock band from the United Kingdom, was formed on January 1, 2003, and is signed to Fiction Records.
Max Osborne, a male cricketer born on November 21, 1990, in Orsett, is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Dalian Airlines, an airline based in Dalian, China, was founded on January 1, 2011, and operates out of Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport. It is a subsidiary of Air China.
Parkside School in Cullingworth is a secondary foundation school in the City of Bradford, United Kingdom, established on September 1, 2000.
Hangup is a film directed by Henry Hathaway and composed by Tony Camillo, released on January 1, 1974, with Cliff Potts and Herbert Jefferson Jr. in the cast.
Ma Boyong, a male novelist born on December 14, 1980, in Chifeng, China, holds Chinese citizenship.
Kirk Bowman, a male ice hockey player born on September 30, 1952, in Leamington, Ontario, is a Canadian citizen.
Holy Diver is a heavy metal song by Dio, released as a single on August 1, 1983.
Tone is a magazine published by Parkside Media in New Zealand, which started on January 1, 1999, with its first issue released on October 1, 1999.
Merlin's Ring is a speculative fiction novel published on June 1974 by H. Warner Munn, originating from the United States and published by Ballantine Books.
The 2015 Aegon Classic Women's Singles is a tennis event held in the United Kingdom in 2015.
Illusion and Reality, a non-fiction book published in 1937 by Christopher Caudwell, originated in the United Kingdom and was published by Macmillan Publishers.
Graham Barrow, a male born on 13 June 1954 in Chorley, United Kingdom, was both a football player and a manager in association football.
Jenny Morrison, a female nurse born on January 8, 1968, in Canterbury, New South Wales, holds Australian citizenship.
Ross McKenzie, a male football player from New Zealand, was born on 16 March 1983 in Dundee and plays association football.
"The Lackey and the Lady" is a silent film produced by the British Actors Film Company, originally filmed in English and featuring Roy Travers in the cast, with Tom Gallon as the screenwriter. The film originated from the United Kingdom.
Chaste Susanne is a comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and released on January 1, 1926, starring Otto Wallburg and Jean Gilbert.
Inoka Ranaweera, a female cricketer born on February 18, 1986, in Balapitiya, Sri Lanka, represents her country in cricket.
The Bookshop is a novel published in 1978 by Gerald Duckworth, authored by Penelope Fitzgerald, and originates from the United Kingdom.
Keith Davis, a defensive back from the United States, played for the Miami Dolphins and later the Oakland Raiders.
Jacek Kurski, a Member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland and the European Parliament, is a member of the Law and Justice political party and has received the Cross of Freedom and Solidarity.
X Factor India is a television series created by Simon Cowell, produced by Fremantle, and originated in India, first airing on May 29, 2011, in Hindi.
Bob Newland, a male American citizen born on October 27, 1948, was an American football player who played for the New Orleans Saints.
Rick Ladson, a male Australian rules football player born on 18 February 1984, plays for the Hawthorn Football Club.
Mihaela Buzărnescu, a Romanian female tennis player born on May 4, 1988, in Bucharest, competes in tennis.
The Walsh County Courthouse, located in North Dakota, United States, is an Art Deco-style courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places, designed by architect Theodore B. Wells.
Indiana is a novel published in April 1832 by George Sand, originally from France, and falls under the genre of literary works.
SV 19 Straelen is a German association football club founded in 1919, headquartered in Straelen, and located within the administrative territory of Straelen.
The Battle, a silent short film directed and written by D.W. Griffith, was released on January 1, 1911, and features Charles West as a cast member, with the drama genre.
Kentucky Route 79 is a road owned and maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, located in Kentucky, United States, as part of the numbered highways system in the state.
Anna Umemiya, born on August 20, 1972, in Tokyo, Japan, is a fashion model and has worked with Tarento.
Svetlana Lipatova, a Russian female born on February 19, 1993, in Kazan, is an amateur freestyle wrestler.
Murarai railway station, an instance of a train station in India, was owned by Indian Railways and officially opened in 1866 in the Birbhum district.
John Curry, a male ice hockey player born on February 27, 1984, in Shorewood, Minnesota, holds citizenship in the United States.
The Mayor of Christchurch is a position in New Zealand, established on June 10, 1868, and applies to the jurisdiction of Christchurch.
Paolo Facchinetti, a male football player born on March 6, 1984, in Calcinate, Italy, is a citizen of Italy and plays association football.
Argentum Fondsinvesteringer, a Norwegian business established as an Aksjeselskap (joint-stock company) in 2001, has its headquarters in Bergen and operates in the investment fund industry.
Gran Hotel Montesol Ibiza, a hotel located in Ibiza, Spain, was owned by Hilton Worldwide and opened on January 1, 1933, with its official opening on June 4, 1933.
Archie Bunker's Place, created by Norman Lear and distributed by ELP Communications, premiered on CBS on September 23, 1979, with cast members including Anne Meara and Danielle Brisebois.
Spinning Around is a house music single by Kylie Minogue, released as part of her Light Years album on June 19, 2000.
Gondwana Choirs, founded by and managed by Lyn Williams in 1989, is a choir headquartered in Sydney, Australia.
The House of Stuart, a royal house that originated in 1371 and was founded by Robert II of Scotland, is part of the Clan Stewart and has a connection with the Clan Stewart of Appin, originally based in the Kingdom of Scotland.
Polina Leykina, a Russian female tennis player born on September 20, 1994, in Moscow, competes in tennis.
Nandana Sen, born on August 19, 1967, in Kolkata, India, is a film producer, screenwriter, and actor.
Kyoga Nakamura, a male football player born on April 25, 1996, in Funabashi, is a Japanese citizen who plays association football.
Libby Copus-Brown, a female football player born on November 10, 1997, in Australia, represents her home country in association football.
Daam Foulon, a male football player born on March 23, 1999, in Mechelen, Belgium, holds Belgian citizenship and plays association football.
Mutsuna Station, an train station in Japan, was officially opened on January 31, 1988, and is located in Okazaki, Aichi, on the Aichi Loop Line.
"Bank Error in Your Favour" is a French film from France, set in Paris, with Gérard Bitton as the screenwriter and starring Roger Dumas and Gérard Lanvin.
Dexter Holland is a human and virologist who composes music in the punk rock genre. He is associated with Epitaph Records and studied at the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
Amanda Nunes, a Brazilian judoka and mixed martial artist born on May 30, 1988, in Salvador, Bahia, is a female citizen of Brazil.
High There is a documentary film directed and written by Wayne Darwen, with Wayne Darwen also starring in it. It was published in 2015.
Soil is a hard rock band formed in 1997 in Chicago, United States, and is signed to DRT Entertainment.
Sirens Stadium, built in 1970 and located in St. Paul's Bay, Malta, is an stadium owned and operated by Sirens F.C.
Stuttgart-Weilimdorf station, an instance of a train station in Germany, was officially opened on December 3, 1988, and is located in the administrative territory of Stuttgart, connecting to the Stuttgart S-Bahn.
The 1998 Eurocard Open was a tennis tournament held in Germany in 1998, consisting of singles events.
Guy A. Lepage, born on August 30, 1960, in Montreal, Canada, is a television producer, presenter, and actor.
Vasili Pavlov, a forward in association football, plays for both FC Rubin-2 Kazan and FC Dacia Chișinău, representing Russia in sports.
Jonas van Genechten, a male Belgian sport cyclist born on September 16, 1986, in Lobbes, has the family name Genechten.
Knot Gneiss, a speculative fiction novel published on October 12, 2010, by Tor Books, was authored by Piers Anthony and originates from the United States.
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C., based in Wolverhampton and a participant in the 1889 FA Cup Final, plays in the Premier League and has its headquarters and home venue at Molineux Stadium.
Something Breathing is a poetry collection published in 1965 by Stanley McNail, published by Arkham House in the United States.
Pepa Poch, a female artist born in 1960 in Barcelona, Spain, is a citizen of Spain.
Iwakuni Station, a train station in Japan, was established on September 25, 1897, and officially opened on January 1, 1897. Located in Iwakuni, it is part of the San'yō Main Line.
Yashio Station, an train station in Japan, opened on January 1, 2005, and is located in Yashio, Saitama. It serves the Tsukuba Express line.
Shenzhou 1, a spacecraft part of the Shenzhou program, was launched on November 19, 1999, by the Long March 2F rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, operated by China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation.
Mick Heath, a male football player born on January 9, 1953, in Hillingdon, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Raksha Khadase, a female politician born on May 13, 1987, holds Indian citizenship and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. She served as a Member of the 17th Lok Sabha.
Saskatchewan Highway 303 is a road maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure in Saskatchewan, Canada, and is part of the highway system in the province.
Pete Smith, a male sport cyclist from the United Kingdom, was born on May 1, 1944, in the United Kingdom. His surname is Smith.
Robin Gladwin, born on August 12, 1940, in Harlow, is a football player who played as a defender for Norwich City F.C. and was involved in association football.
The Steamer is a jazz album released in 1957 by Stan Getz, produced by Norman Granz and recorded under the Verve Records label.
Ilias Manikas, a male football player born on May 11, 1980, in Greece, represents his home country in association football.
Edgar Varela, a male athlete born on March 2, 1996, in Portugal, competes in men's sports and holds Portuguese citizenship.
Deceptive Bends is a progressive pop album by 10cc, released under Mercury Records in 1977.
Jutta Weber, a female swimmer born on June 28, 1954, in Hamm, Germany, participated in the Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Lost Youth, produced by Carlo Ponti and distributed by Lux Film, originated in Italy and was originally filmed in the Italian language.
Cody Fajardo is a human who plays American football as a quarterback for the Nevada Wolf Pack football team and was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno.
Johnny Walker, a midfielder born in 1973, is a human who plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Na Maloom Afraad is a comedy thriller film directed by Nabeel Qureshi, released on August 2, 2014, with Sabir Zafar as the composer and Fahad Mustafa as a cast member.
Christakis Christoforou, a male football player born on January 26, 1964, in Cyprus, holds citizenship of Cyprus and plays association football.
Nightrise is a thriller and speculative fiction novel authored by Anthony Horowitz, published on April 2, 2007, in the United Kingdom.
Nurettin Canikli, a Turkish politician born on May 15, 1960, in Alucra, holds a degree from the University of Sheffield and identifies as male.
The Bunkyo Civic Center, an architecturally designed skyscraper by Nikken Sekkei, was officially opened in 1994 in Tokyo, Japan.
Olga Gorshenina, a Russian female handball player born on November 9, 1990, in Tolyatti, plays for HC Kuban Krasnodar.
Saulo Fernandes, a Brazilian male singer born on September 9, 1977, in Barreiras.
Betty Castor, a female politician and teacher born on May 11, 1941, in Glassboro, New Jersey, holds citizenship in the United States.
Newton Cardoso, a male politician born on May 22, 1938, in Brumado, Brazil, served as a Brazilian federal deputy.
David Celermajer, a male cardiologist born on December 8, 1961, in Sydney, Australia, attended Sydney Grammar School.
Tatum Airport, located in New Mexico, United States, was named after Tatum, New Mexico and opened on January 6, 1958, serving as a transport hub for the area.
Plymouth railway station, located in Plymouth, United Kingdom, is an instance of a train station operated by Great Western Railway and serves the Cornish Main Line and the Exeter-Plymouth line.
The Gentleman Misbehaves is a musical film from the United States, directed by George Sherman and distributed by Columbia Pictures, released in 1946.
Patrice Siolo, a male rugby league player born on 23 February 1994 in Auckland, New Zealand.
Richard Bloom, a member of the California Democratic Party and a human, works in Sacramento, California, and speaks English.
Ricky Greenough, a male football player born on May 30, 1961, in Mexborough, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Cha Hwa-yeon, a film actor born on December 27, 1960, in South Korea, is a citizen of South Korea and attended Seoul Arts High School. She is female.
Robert Eckels is a member of the Republican Party and serves as a member of the Texas House of Representatives. He works in Austin, Texas, and was educated at the University of Houston.
Marco Reus, a German male football player born on May 31, 1989, in Dortmund, participated in UEFA Euro 2012.
High Explosive is a film directed by Frank McDonald and released in 1943, with a score composed by Daniele Amfitheatrof. The movie features Chester Morris in the cast and was written by Maxwell Shane.
Blair Riley, a male ice hockey player born on November 1, 1985, in Kamloops, Canada, is a citizen of Canada.
FlingSmash is an action video game published by Nintendo on November 7, 2010, for the Wii, originating from Japan.
Springfield Municipal Airport, located in South Dakota, United States, was established on January 4, 1964, and serves Springfield, South Dakota.
Yury Kazlow was a member of FC Minsk, with an acquisition transaction recorded for both the start and end times of his involvement with the team.
Eugenio Calderón, a male football player from Mexico born on May 21, 1963, played association football for Tigres UANL.
W. Benton Evans, a male politician born on January 18, 1882, in Fredericton, Canada, held the position of a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick.
Yayoi Kobayashi, a female football player born on September 18, 1981, in Tama, Tokyo, Japan, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
TG Viktoria Augsburg is a German association football club founded in 1897, headquartered in Augsburg, Bavaria.
In Watermelon Sugar is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel authored by Richard Brautigan, published on June 14, 1968, in the United States.
Ahmed Talbi, a male football player born on August 18, 1981, in Berkane, Morocco, is a citizen of Morocco and plays association football.
Omonigho Temile, a male football player from Lagos, Nigeria, was born on October 30, 1984. He plays association football and holds Nigerian citizenship.
Fantasy is a Mandopop album by Jay Chou, produced and released under Sony Music in 2001.
Frozen Land is a film directed by Aku Louhimies, released on January 14, 2005, starring Matleena Kuusniemi and Sulevi Peltola.
Henry Casimir II, a male count and son of William Frederick, Prince of Nassau-Dietz, worked and was buried in Leeuwarden.
Natália Lage, a Brazilian female actor, was born on October 30, 1978, in Niterói.
"1830: Railroads & Robber Barons" is a video game developed by Simtex and published by Avalon Hill in 1995, originally released on DOS and originating from the United States.
EXFO, a business founded in 1985, is headquartered in Quebec City, Canada, and operates in the telecommunication industry.
Pioneer Coal Limited, a Canadian mining company founded in 1980, has its headquarters in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.
Angela Ridgeon, a British female actor, was born in the United Kingdom.
Giorgio Rasulo, a male football player born on January 23, 1997, in Banbury, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Sandra Madgwick, a female ballet dancer born on March 7, 1963, in Taplow, was educated at the Royal Ballet School and has been a dancer throughout her career.
Clifford Durr was a male human who received a Rhodes Scholarship and was educated at both The Queen's College, Oxford, and the University of Alabama.
Eric M. Fowler, a musician born on March 2, 1968, in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, is a U.S. citizen and male.
Original Plumbing is a magazine that was established on January 1, 2009, and first published on September 1, 2009, in the United States. Amos Mac is the editor of the magazine.
Live! Visions of Europe is a power metal live album by Stratovarius, released on July 7, 1998, under Noise Records, following The Past and Now.
Patrick Nys, a male football player born on January 25, 1969, in Turnhout, Belgium, plays association football and holds Belgian citizenship.
Patrik Gunnarsson, born on November 15, 2000, in Iceland, is a football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Brentford F.C.
Microcosmos is a nature documentary and documentary film directed by Claude Nuridsany and Marie Pérennou, produced by Christophe Barratier, and distributed by Miramax.
Bankside Power Station, an oil-fired power station designed by Giles Gilbert Scott and located in Bankside, London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, was operated by the City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited.
Quantum Psychology, an English-language book by Robert Anton Wilson published in 1990, explores consciousness and originates from the United States.
"The Man Who Fights Alone" is a silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It features actors Edward Everett Horton and George Irving, and was produced by Adolph Zukor.
Micky Quinn, whose family name is Quinn and given name is Michael, plays association football as a forward and has been a member of both Portsmouth F.C. and Reading F.C.
ShortCutz Amsterdam is a film festival organization based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, which started in 2013.
Naive John, a male painter born on October 18, 1962, in the United Kingdom, studied at Liverpool John Moores University.
Oklahoma State Highway 79 is a road maintained by the Oklahoma Department of Transportation and part of the numbered highways system in Oklahoma, located within the United States.
Lauren Kinsella, a female singer born in 1983 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, holds citizenship in the Republic of Ireland.
Xhevdet Shabani, a male football player born on October 10, 1986, in Kaçanik, is a citizen of Albania and plays association football.
Ernst Burger, born on March 26, 1937, in Munich, is a German citizen and has multiple occupations including music critic, pianist, and non-fiction writer.
When the People Fell is a science fiction book published on September 2007 by Baen Books in the United States, authored by Cordwainer Smith.
No Down Payment, a film composed by Leigh Harline, was directed by Martin Ritt and released on January 1, 1957, with Sheree North and Patricia Owens among its cast members.
Granrodeo is a rock band formed in Tokyo in 2005, known for their anison genre, and signed with Lantis. The band includes Kishō Taniyama.
Nicole Killian, a female artist born on September 16, 1982, in Buffalo, New York, holds citizenship in the United States.
Imoh Ezekiel, a male football player born on October 24, 1993, in Lagos, Nigeria, participated in football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
"Nico and the Niners" is a song and musical composition performed by Twenty One Pilots, composed and written by Tyler Joseph, released in 2018.
The University of Missouri — Kansas City, a public educational institution in the United States and part of the University of Missouri System, was founded in 1933 and is located in Kansas City, Missouri.
Emily van Egmond was a member of the Western New York Flash, with her tenure starting and ending through an acquisition transaction.
You'd Be Surprised is a silent film produced by Jesse L. Lasky for Famous Players-Lasky, with screenplays by Robert Benchley and starring Dorothy Sebastian and Earle Williams.
Marco Di Lauro, a male human born on June 16, 1980, in Naples, Italy, is a citizen of Italy.
Linnea Olsson, a Swedish female singer-songwriter born in 1983, was born in Sweden and holds Swedish citizenship.
Rod Stewart's Body Wishes Tour, which followed the Worth Leavin' Home For Tour and preceded the Camouflage Tour, ran from May 25 to August 7, 1983.
Roberto Mirri, a male football player born on August 21, 1978, in Imola, Italy, is a citizen of Italy and plays association football.
The Chinese Convert is a portrait painting created by Godfrey Kneller in 1687, painted on canvas and currently located in Windsor Castle.
Michael Hennet Sotomayor, a Spanish male singer born on January 20, 1983, in Tenerife, participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
Benfica TV, a specialty television channel based in Portugal and headquartered at Estádio da Luz, was founded in 2008 and is owned by S.L. Benfica.
Northumberland Park Metro station, an instance of a train station in the United Kingdom, is part of the Tyne and Wear Metro system and was officially opened in 2005 in North Tyneside.
The Appenzeller Kantonalbank, a public-law institution in the financial services industry, was founded in 1899 and has its headquarters in the village of Appenzell in Switzerland.
Archbishop Holgate's School is an academy located in the City of York, United Kingdom. It was founded by Robert Holgate and began operations on April 1, 2011.
Bill Stinchcomb, a male actor born on June 21, 1963, in Sarasota, Florida, is a human.
Terminator Gene is a science fiction novel published in 2003 by Ian Irvine, originally from Australia, and published by Simon & Schuster.
Mississippi Highway 21 is a road maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation and part of the Mississippi State Highway System, located in the United States within the administrative territory of Mississippi.
The 1996 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, held in Centennial Olympic Stadium in the United States, was an event that followed the 1992 Summer Olympics opening ceremony and preceded the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, embodying the philosophy of a significant sporting event.
"Sugar and Spies" is an English-language animated short film directed by Robert McKimson and produced by David H. DePatie, with a composition by Walter Greene. It was released on January 1, 1966.
Jane Bernstein, a human and fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, was educated at both Columbia University School of the Arts and Columbia University.
Rich Busa, a male marathon runner from the United States born on October 30, 1929, is an instance of a human and competes in the sport of athletics.
Dmitri Zarva, a male football player from Russia born on June 15, 1985, plays association football and is a member of FC Krasnodar-2000.
Percy Damman is a male human who played Australian rules football and was educated at Melbourne Grammar School.
Alexandros Tabakis was a member of the Charleston Battery, with an acquisition transaction occurring at both a start time and an end time.
Ri-Fi, an Italian record label founded by Giovanni Battista Ansoldi in 1959, had its headquarters in Milan and operated until 1980.
Santosh Lad, a male politician born on February 27, 1975, in Sanduru, India, holds the position of Member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly.
"Wish I Could Fly" is a pop music single by Roxette from their album "Have a Nice Day," released on February 1, 1999, under EMI.
René Berra, a Swiss male born on February 13, 1942, was an ice hockey player who participated in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
Zhang Xinyi, a female actor born on May 29, 1981, in Sichuan, was educated at the Central Academy of Drama.
Nagato-Misumi Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on November 3, 1924, and is operated by the West Japan Railway Company. Located in Nagato, Yamaguchi, it connects to the San'in Main Line.
Sally Capp, a female business executive and politician from Australia, was born in New Guinea and educated at Melbourne Law School.
Xavian Virgo, a male football player born on October 25, 1985, in Kingston, Jamaica, holds citizenship of Jamaica and plays association football.
Lucas Coelho, a Brazilian male football player born on July 20, 1994, in Lages, plays association football.
Bars and Melody, a musical duo from the United Kingdom, was formed in 2013 and is known for genres including hip hop and pop music, with Syco Music as their record label.
Manisa Celal Bayar University, a public university founded in 1992, is located in Manisa, Turkey, and uses Turkish as its language of instruction, having separated from Ege University.
Dengeki G's Magazine, a Japanese magazine published by MediaWorks, was first published on December 26, 1992, and its current incarnation began on December 26, 2012, in the Japanese language.
Adriana Cardoso de Castro, a female handball player born on October 29, 1990, in Fortaleza, Brazil, is a citizen of Brazil and plays for Randers HK.
Sandvikens AIK Fotboll is an association football club based in Sandviken Municipality, Sweden, founded on January 1, 1901.
Ninetta Vad, a female born on January 1, 1989, in Budapest, Hungary, is a canoeist who competes in canoeing and kayaking.
Serge Chiesa, a French male born on December 25, 1950, in Casablanca, is a football player who competes in association football.
Mama Say is a hip hop song by Bloodhound Gang, released as a single on May 16, 1995, and part of the album Dingleberry Haze.
El Primer Beso is a film directed by Enrique Carreras, released in 1958, and starring Carlos Borsani and Olga Gatti. It is part of Enrique Carreras' filmography.
My Brother Anastasia is a film directed by Steno, starring Feodor Chaliapin Jr. and Maria Tedeschi, and was released on January 1, 1973. The composer for the film is Piero Piccioni.
"Rights of Man," a pamphlet authored by Thomas Paine and published in 1791, is a book primarily discussing the French Revolution in the English language.
Giuliano Pisani, a male linguist born on April 13, 1950, in Verona, Italy, holds Italian citizenship.
Professor Chaos is an episode of a television series, written by Trey Parker and originally performed on April 10, 2002, in the United States, with English as its original language.
Henry Bell Cisnero, a male born on July 27, 1982, in Cuba, is a volleyball player and holds Cuban citizenship.
Larry Chester, born on October 17, 1975, in Hammond, Louisiana, is an American football player who played as a defensive tackle for the Indianapolis Colts.
Amine Khammas, a male football player born on 25 April 1997 in Rumst, Belgium, holds Belgian citizenship.
OpenSUSE is a free, Unix-like Linux distribution developed by The openSUSE Project, which was first released on October 20, 2005, for the X86-64 platform.
Sadeera Samarawickrama, a male cricketer born on August 3, 1995, in Colombo, Sri Lanka, represents his country in cricket.
Yun Bing is a female artist and painter born in Wujin District. She is a human.
Mao: A Reinterpretation is a biography and narrative history book published in 2002 by Lee Feigon, focusing on Mao Zedong.
Ludwig Haas, born on April 16, 1933, in Eutin, Germany, is an actor who worked in both film and television.
Dhananjay is a film composed by Bickram Ghosh, directed by Arindam Sil, and starring Mir Afsar Ali and Anirban Bhattacharya, with its publication date being August 11, 2017.
New York State Route 278 is a road maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation, part of the numbered highways system in New York, United States, and is located in the state of New York.
Premier Election Solutions, a business headquartered in North Canton, Ohio, was formed in Ohio on January 22, 2002, by Dominion Voting Systems and produces voting machines.
Rudolf Seiters was born on October 13, 1937, in Osnabrück, Germany, and he is both a politician and a jurist.
Matt Benning, born on May 25, 1994, in St. Albert, Alberta, is an ice hockey player who plays as a defenceman for the Edmonton Oilers.
Isabel Bayón Gamero, born on May 13, 1969, in Seville, Spain, is a Spanish flamenco dancer, choreographer, and dancer.
Marissa Nadler, born on April 5, 1981, in Washington, D.C., is a United States citizen and a singer, guitarist, and singer-songwriter.
Fort Wadsworth Light, an lighthouse in the United States, served from 1903 to 1965 and is located on Staten Island.
Le olimpiadi dei mariti, an Italian film distributed by Cineriz, features cast members Hélène Chanel and Sandra Mondaini and is set in Rome, Italy.
Vilimaina Davu, a female netballer from New Zealand born on January 15, 1977, is an instance of a human.
The Hong Kong Global Geopark, an urban park located in Hong Kong, China, was established in 2009 and is a member of the Global Geoparks Network.
Emeralds GAA, a hurling sports club based in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland, was founded in 1972 and has its headquarters in the county.
Love Lessons is a country music album by Tracy Byrd, produced by Tony Brown, released on July 18, 1995, under MCA Records.
Richard I. Winwood, a male businessperson from the United States born on January 18, 1943, was educated at Portland State University and is a human.
Way Out Games is a game show that originated in the United States and was directed by Richard S. Kline. It premiered on CBS on September 11, 1976.
Meera Deosthale, a female actor born on November 16, 1995, in Vadodara, India, works in television.
Hasan Bilal, a male football player born on March 12, 1998, in Istanbul, Turkey, holds Turkish citizenship and plays association football.
The Battle of Cooch's Bridge, which took place on September 3, 1777, in Newark, Delaware, was a battle during the American Revolutionary War involving the United States.
"The Cartoon" is an episode of a television series, directed by Andy Ackerman and written by Bruce Eric Kaplan. It was first aired on January 29, 1998, in English.
Elaine Ziemba, a female politician born in 1942 in Toronto, Canada, holds the position of Member of Provincial Parliament.
Salalah SC is an association football club based in Oman, founded in 1981, that plays in the Oman Professional League and hosts its games at Al-Saada Stadium.
Expect No Mercy is a hard rock album by Nazareth, produced by Manny Charlton, and was released on November 1, 1977, under A&M Records.
Malucha Pinto, a female actor born on April 16, 1956, in Santiago, Chile, is a citizen of Chile.
Michael Warren, a male painter born on January 1, 1938, in the United Kingdom, resides in Nottingham and attended Wolverhampton Grammar School.
Alex Kouri, a male lawyer and politician born on April 7, 1964, in Lima, Peru, holds citizenship in Peru.
Navin Chawla, a human, was educated at The Lawrence School, Sanawar, and St. Stephen's College, Delhi. He holds the position of Chief Election Commissioner of India and speaks, reads, and writes Malayalam.
Matt DeMarchi, a human from the United States, plays ice hockey as a defenceman for the Asiago Hockey 1935 team. His given name is Matthew.
Gary L. Browning, a male linguist born on January 1, 1940, in the United States, was educated at and employed by Brigham Young University.
Moez Echargui, a Tunisian tennis player born on January 10, 1993, in La Marsa, is male.
Héctor Ortiz Ortiz, a male lawyer and politician born on July 28, 1950, in Oaxaca City, Mexico, holds citizenship in Mexico.
Cold Turkey is a comedy film distributed by United Artists and produced by Tandem Productions and Norman Lear, starring Judith Lowry and Edward Everett Horton.
The Shadow Lines, an Indian novel authored by Amitav Ghosh and published in 1988, is set in London.
Jocelyn Ho, a Canadian female figure skater born on May 30, 1987, in Etobicoke, is an athlete in the sport of figure skating.
Daiba Station, a train station in Japan, opened on January 1, 1995, and was officially inaugurated on November 1, 1995. Located in Minato, Tokyo, it connects to the Yurikamome line.
Abdalá Bucaram Jr., a member of both Fuerza Ecuador and the Ecuadorian Roldosist Party, held the position of Supreme Director and was a Member of the National Assembly of Ecuador. He also played association football.
Frank Islacker, a German male born on August 29, 1963, was a football player who played association football for VfL Bochum.
Allied General is a turn-based strategy video game published by Mindscape on September 30, 1996, for Microsoft Windows, originating from the United States.
The Golden Gate National Cemetery, located in San Bruno, California, is an United States National Cemetery System site that was established in 1937 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pascale Jeuland, a French female sport cyclist born on June 2, 1987, in Rennes, is a citizen of France.
Mike McGuire, a male politician born on July 7, 1979, in Healdsburg, California, is a member of the California Democratic Party and holds the position of member of the State Senate of California.
Sargis Hovsepyan, a male football player born on November 2, 1972, in Yerevan, Armenia, holds Armenian citizenship and plays association football.
Bill Wegman, a male baseball player born on December 19, 1962, in Cincinnati, is a citizen of the United States.
Primal Fear, directed based on William Diehl's novel, was filmed in Chicago and features Andre Braugher. Michael Chapman handled the cinematography, while Jeannine Oppewall was the production designer.
"The Story of the Amulet," authored by E. Nesbit and published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1906, is a novel originating from the United Kingdom.
The Animals' Christmas is a pop music album released in 1986 by Art Garfunkel, produced by Geoff Emerick, and labeled under Columbia Records.
ArchEnemy is a fantasy literature novel published on 15 October 2009 by Frank Beddor, originating from the United Kingdom.
Shunta Todd, a female cricketer from Bermuda, was born on July 31, 1988, and uses the surname Todd.
Sudhir Asnani, a male cricketer born on December 7, 1960, in Bhopal, India, is also an umpire in cricket.
Up from the Ashes is a hard rock album by Don Dokken, released on October 21, 1990, under Geffen Records, with Dokken also serving as the producer.
Matt Prater, a male American football player born on August 10, 1984, in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, holds citizenship in the United States and plays American football.
Take Me in Your Arms is a film directed by Julio Bracho, released in 1954, with Manuel Esperón as the composer. The movie features Andrés Soler and actress Andrea Palma in its cast.
Clayton Watson, a human, received an AACTA Award for Best Guest or Supporting Actor in a Television Drama and was also nominated for the same award. He attended Pembroke School in Adelaide and his family name is Watson.
"I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X" is a novel authored by Bruce Coville and published by Aladdin Paperbacks in 1994, originating from the United States.
Horses ' Collars is a comedy short film directed by Clyde Bruckman and starring Fred Kelsey and Dorothy Kent, released on January 1, 1935.
"The Devil and His Boy" is an English-language novel authored by Anthony Horowitz and was published on January 1, 1998, in the United States. It is a literary work belonging to the genre of novels.
New Chautauqua is a folk jazz album released in 1979 by Pat Metheny, produced by Manfred Eicher, and recorded under the ECM Records label.
The Great Western 90 is a preserved steam locomotive and tender locomotive originally operated by the Great Western Railway of Colorado and currently operated by the Strasburg Rail Road in the United States. It was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
The 2010 China Masters Super Series, an open badminton championship held in China, took place from September 1 to September 19, 2010.
Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University, founded in 1886 and located in the Petrogradsky District of Saint Petersburg, Russia, is an institution of higher education with its headquarters in Saint Petersburg.
Oruro Royal is an association football club based in Oruro, Bolivia, founded on January 1, 1896, and plays in the Liga Nacional B.
North Dakota Highway 13 is a road maintained by the North Dakota Department of Transportation and part of the numbered highways system in North Dakota, located within the United States.
Alice's Wonderland, produced by and distributed through Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment, was created by Walt Disney and originated in the United States as part of the Alice Comedies series, produced by Laugh-O-Gram Studio.
Ab DeMarco Jr. is a human who plays ice hockey as a defenceman for both the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League.
Agi Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was officially opened on May 24, 1933, in Nakatsugawa, Gifu, and is part of the Akechi Line.
Sammilana is a film directed and written by H.R. Bhargava, with a score by Hamsalekha, and was released in 1994. Shashi Kumar is one of the cast members.
The 2009 ECM Prague Open is a WTA International tennis tournament edition held in Prague, Czech Republic, in 2009.
Ben Kelso, a male basketball player and coach born on April 11, 1949, in Flint, Michigan, holds citizenship in the United States.
John Carter, produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Jim Morris, stars Daryl Sabara and Lynn Collins, with Lindsey Collins also among the producers, and is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
"Do n't Go Out" is a country music single by Tanya Tucker, released on Capitol Records Nashville on June 23, 1990.
Fallout Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game developed by Masthead Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment, originally released on Microsoft Windows in the United States.
Kifuta Kiala, a male football player from Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, was born on January 8, 1988.
Paulo Lino, born on July 21, 1971, in Mirandela, is a football player who plays as a defender for S.C. Braga and specializes in association football.
Ruslan Rzayev, a male football player born on January 24, 1998, in Bataysk, Russia, holds citizenship of Russia and plays association football.
Fuminori Komatsu, a male actor and voice actor born on July 23, 1978, in Tokyo, Japan.
Richard W. Bailey is a male who was educated at the University of Edinburgh and the University of Connecticut, and is employed at the University of Michigan.
Worcester Sixth Form College, an academy located in Worcester, Worcestershire, United Kingdom, was established in 1983.
Bobby Kennedy, born on June 23, 1937, in Motherwell and a citizen of the United Kingdom, was both a football player and a manager in association football. He identified as male.
Chris Willmott, a male football player born on September 30, 1977, in Bedford, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Amy Satterthwaite, a female cricketer born on October 7, 1986, in Christchurch, New Zealand, holds New Zealand citizenship.
Erik Haula, a male ice hockey player born on March 23, 1991, in Pori, Finland, is a citizen of Finland.
Jacob Bagersted, a male born on March 25, 1987, in Copenhagen, Denmark, is a handball player who plays for SC Magdeburg.
Pedrie Wannenburg, a male rugby union player born on January 2, 1981, in Mbombela, is a citizen of South Africa.
The 2001 WNBA season was a women's basketball season organized by the Women's National Basketball Association, held in the United States during 2001.
The First Cut Is the Deepest is a Canadian hip hop album released in 2000 by Entertainment One Music, produced by Jon Levine and performed by Michie Mee.
Epik High, an instance of a boy band, was formed on January 1, 2001, in Seoul, and is known for genres including K-pop and hip hop music, with Woollim Entertainment as their record label.
Anjana Sultana, a female actor born on January 1, 1965, in Dhaka, Bangladesh, received the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Actress. She holds citizenship of Bangladesh.
The Casebook of Solar Pons is a detective fiction book published in 1965 by Mycroft & Moran, authored by August Derleth, and originated from the United States.
Strangers of the Evening is a mystery film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Tiffany Thayer, starring ZaSu Pitts, released on January 1, 1932.
String Beans is a comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger, released in 1918, starring Charles Ray and Jane Novak.
Putnam Magazine, an American magazine published by Gannett, was launched in March 2005.
Our Mutual Friend, a novel published in 1864 by Charles Dickens, was published by Chapman & Hall and is an instance of a literary work.
Rathangan GAA, an Irish sports club founded in 1889, is located in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland, and plays Gaelic football. Its headquarters are also situated in County Kildare.
Murad Hüseynov, a male football player born on January 25, 1989, in Makhachkala, is a citizen of Azerbaijan and plays association football.
John Windows, a cricketer born on May 6, 1976, in Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, is a citizen of the UK.
Devi Shetty, a male surgeon born on May 8, 1953, in Mangalore, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education.
The 2007-08 Japan Figure Skating Championships, organized by the Japan Skating Federation, is a figure skating competition held on December 26, 2007, at the Towa Pharmaceutical Ractab Dome in Japan.
The Sky Ranger, a silent film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Spencer Gordon Bennet and George B. Seitz, was released on January 1, 1921.
Louisiana Highway 76 is a road owned and maintained by the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development, located in Louisiana, United States, and was established in 1955.
Wazimbo, a male human and citizen of Mozambique, was born on November 11, 1948, in Chibuto and is a singer.
Pascal Ohsé, a French male jazz musician, is an instance of a human and is signed with Warner Bros. Records.
James Bailey, born on October 22, 1969, in Melbourne, is an Australian male darts player.
The Lao Football Federation, established in 1951, is a football association that is a member of both the ASEAN Football Federation and FIFA.
Alexandra Maksimova, a Belarusian female ice dancer, was born on June 19, 1989, and competes for Belarus in figure skating.
Cessna Stadium, located in Kansas, United States, is owned and operated by Wichita State University and serves as its primary stadium.
Kevin Long, a baseball player from the United States, plays for the New York Mets and was educated at the University of Arizona. His family name is Long.
Dave Graveline, a radio personality born on March 5, 1954, in Miami, is a U.S. citizen and male.
Larry Jeffrey, a male ice hockey player born on October 12, 1940, in Goderich, Ontario, holds Canadian citizenship.
Amit Rana, a male cricketer born on December 14, 1995, holds Indian citizenship and is human.
The Power Station is an album released by The Power Station band in 1985, produced by Bernard Edwards, and falls under the rock music genre. It was recorded under the EMI Records label.
"Do Your Thing" is a rhythm and blues song by Charles Wright & the Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band, released on Warner Bros. Records in 1968 and featured on their album "Together."
Vesper is a literary work of mystery and paranormal fiction authored by Jeff Sampson, published on January 25, 2011, in the United States.
Pontypool Changes Everything is an English-language novel published in 1995 by Canadian author Tony Burgess, belonging to the genre of literary works.
"The Pirate of Panama" is a silent film directed by Ray Taylor and released on January 1, 1929, starring Jay Wilsey and Natalie Kingston.
Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows is a science fiction novel published on July 1, 1997, by Del Rey Books in the United States. It was written by Kathryn M. Drennan.
Leave It to Me is a comedy film from the United Kingdom, directed by George King and starring Robin Irvine. It was released on October 1, 1930.
Sergei Tyumentsev, a male football player from Russia born on August 9, 1976, played association football for FC Dynamo Omsk.
Jamie Flitner, a female politician born on July 10, 1964, in Buffalo, Wyoming, serves as a Member of the Wyoming House of Representatives and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Herd & McKenzie Shipbuilders, a business based in the United Kingdom and located in Moray with headquarters in Buckie, was founded in 1903 and operates in the shipbuilding industry.
Samu Markkula, a male ice hockey player born on February 27, 1994, in Jyväskylä, Finland, holds Finnish citizenship.
Kangaroo Jack, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer Films and Castle Rock Entertainment, is distributed by Malofilm and Warner Bros., and features Bill Hunter in its cast, with Jerry Bruckheimer as a producer.
The Buenos Aires International Book Fair, founded by Fundación El Libro in 1975, is an annual fair held in Argentina.
The Barrier, a drama film produced by Rex Beach and directed by Edgar Lewis, was released in 1917 and stars Mabel Julienne Scott.
Rossella Gregorio, a female fencer born on August 30, 1990, in Salerno, Italy, holds Italian citizenship.
John Hick is a male paramedic from the United Kingdom, educated at Oriel College, Oxford, and the University of Edinburgh, and currently employed at Claremont Graduate University.
Jarmo Viinanen, a male diplomat born on February 23, 1959, in Imatra, Finland, is a citizen of Finland and was educated at the University of Turku.
The Fabulous Voyage of the Angel is a French comedy film directed by Jean Pierre Lefebvre, released in 1991 in Canada.
Little Rose, an Polish-language film from Poland, features Kazimierz Mazur, Janusz Chabior, and Aleksander Bednarz in its cast and was distributed by Monolith Films.
A Moving Picture is a hip hop music album released in 2013 by Devlin, produced by Ant Whiting and released under Island Records.
Sayonara Jupiter is a science fiction novel authored by Sakyo Komatsu, published in 1982, and written in Japanese. It is part of a literary dyology and originated from Japan.
Henrik Sass Larsen, a Danish male politician born on May 29, 1966, in Virum, received the Ting Prize.
Saskatchewan Highway 749 is a road maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure in Saskatchewan, Canada, and is part of the highway system in the province.
La Pie qui Chante, established in 1921, is a trademark and organization headquartered in Lille, owned by Mondelez International and part of Cadbury France.
The Humbling is a novel published in 2009 by Philip Roth, originally from the United States, and published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
Helena Suková resides in Monte Carlo and plays tennis for the Czech Republic. She was part of the Czechoslovakia Federation Cup team and participated in women's doubles tennis at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is also a member of the Czech Republic Fed Cup team.
Josephine Byrnes, a female actor born on December 28, 1966, in Connecticut, is a citizen of the United States.
Blackboard Jungle was produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starred Sidney Poitier and Margaret Hayes, with Pandro S. Berman as one of the producers.
Lover of Life, Singer of Songs is a rock music remix album released on September 4, 2006, under EMI. It features performances by KEIN BECIL and Freddie Mercury.
Yasuko Tamada, a female mixed martial artist born on June 30, 1967, in Shinagawa, Japan, competes in mixed martial arts.
Loot is a film directed by Nischal Basnet and written by him, with Saugat Malla in the cast. The film was composed by Roshan Thapa and was released on January 13, 2012.
The Company is a miniseries released in 2007, directed by Mikael Salomon and written by Robert Littell. It features Chris O'Donnell in the cast and is scored by composer Jeff Beal.
Thomas Woods, a male born on 30 January 1890 in Wales, was both a rugby union and rugby league player, and held Welsh citizenship.
Masumi Tazawa, a female voice actor born on November 22, 1993, in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, is a citizen of Japan.
China Daily, an English-language daily newspaper, was founded on June 1, 1981, and is headquartered in Beijing. It is owned by the Communist Party of China and originates from China.
The Forests of Silence is a fantasy literature and adventure novel authored by Jennifer Rowe, published in 2000, and originates from Australia.
Carl Landry, a male basketball player born on September 19, 1983, in Milwaukee, United States, is a citizen of the United States.
Yukari Sato, a Japanese economist and politician born on August 19, 1961, in Setagaya, is a female citizen of Japan.
Southland, authored by Nina Revoyr and published in 2003, is a novel set in Los Angeles, originating from the United States.
Jon Morgan, born on July 10, 1970, in Cardiff, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Cardiff City F.C.
The Catherine Palace in Moscow, designed by architect Giacomo Quarenghi, is a palace and a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The Office of National Assessments, an intelligence agency based in Canberra, Australia, was established on October 19, 1977, as part of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
The Wills Creek Bollman Bridge is a truss bridge located in Meyersdale, Pennsylvania, within Summit Township, Somerset County, United States, and serves both road and railway traffic.
Stephan Retzer, a male ice hockey player born on October 11, 1976, in Deggendorf, Germany, represents his country in the sport.
The Fisher Boy with Basket is an oil paint portrait created by Frans Hals in 1630 and owned by John W. Wilson.
Nadeene Latif, a female weightlifter born on 20 May 1978 in Australia, participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She competed in Olympic weightlifting.
Dady, a male football player born on August 13, 1981, in Lisbon, Portugal, holds Portuguese citizenship and plays association football.
Lameck Onyango, a Kenyan male cricketer born on September 22, 1973, in Nairobi, plays cricket.
A Private Venus is an Italian novel published in 1966 by Giorgio Scerbanenco, set in Milan.
Ingjerd Schou, a Norwegian politician born on January 20, 1955, in Sarpsborg, holds a degree from the University of Oslo and identifies as female.
Kamen Rider Battle: Ganbaride is an arcade video game published by Bandai, released on October 15, 2008, in Japan.
Duck for President is a picture book published in 2004 by Doreen Cronin, originally from the United States, and published by Simon & Schuster.
The Kids Are Alright is a television comedy sitcom from the United States, composed by Goldspot and authored by Tim Doyle, originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company.
Elisa Dalla Valle, a female sport cyclist from Italy born on January 16, 1998, competes in cycle sport.
California State Route 237 is a road owned and maintained by the California Department of Transportation, located in Santa Clara County, California, United States, and was established on June 30, 1964.
Koutetsu no Kishi 2: Sabaku no Rommel Shougun is a strategy video game released on January 28, 1994, for Microsoft Windows, originating from Japan and composed by Akihiko Mori.
Philippe Gimbert, a French male born on March 20, 1966, in Firminy, is a rugby union player.
CLP Group, a public joint-stock company and public utility, was founded on January 1, 1901, with its headquarters in Hong Kong. It owns EnergyAustralia.
"Fall for Your Type" is a downtempo single by Jamie Foxx, released on J Records as part of the album "Best Night of My Life" on January 1, 2010.
Lafayette Pitts, born on September 24, 1992, in Duquesne, Pennsylvania, is an American football player who plays as a cornerback for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Neal Tapio, a businessperson born in 2000 in Watertown, South Dakota, is a citizen of the United States and was educated at Minnesota State University Moorhead. He identifies as male.
Recovery Road is an American drama television series originally aired on Freeform, distributed by Disney-ABC Domestic Television, and produced in the English language.
Pierre Bourquenoud, a male born on November 21, 1969, in Vaulruz, Switzerland, is a sport cyclist who specializes in road bicycle racing.
Metro Panteones is a metro station located in Mexico City, part of the Mexico City Metro system, and it was officially opened in 1984.
The 2017 Belarusian Premier League, organized by the Football Federation of Belarus, was a season of association football held in Belarus during 2017.
Tikamporn Changkeaw, a female volleyball player from Thailand born on December 12, 1984, in Suphan Buri.
Aris Nukic, born on December 21, 1993, in Tübingen, is a football player who plays as a forward for FK Olimpik.
You Must Be the Husband is a sitcom from the United Kingdom, first aired on September 8, 1987. It features Diane Keen in the cast and was directed by Richard Boden.
Paul Geis, a male long-distance runner born on February 23, 1953, in Houston, United States, competes in the sport of athletics.
Netherwood station, located in Plainfield, New Jersey, United States, is a train station that opened in 1874 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, with connections to the Raritan Valley Line.
Jiang Na, a female ice hockey player born on October 18, 1988, in Harbin, China, participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Willie Wragg was a footballer who played as a winger for Accrington Stanley F.C., Chesterfield F.C., and Birmingham City F.C.
Essenrode Manor, a Baroque-style manor house in Germany, was built in 1738 by the Bülow family and is located in the administrative territory of Essenrode.
Alok Agarwal, a male politician born on August 25, 1967, in Lucknow, is a citizen of India.
The Night I Fell in Love is an Album by Luther Vandross, released in 1985 under Epic Records. It falls under the Contemporary R&B genre and was produced by Marcus Miller.
Ana Maria Rangel, a female politician born on May 21, 1957, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is a citizen of Brazil.
"Goin' Home" is a rock song by The Rolling Stones, released on their album "Aftermath" on April 15, 1966, and produced by Andrew Loog Oldham.
Sweet & Lowdown is a folk music album released in 2001 by Dave Van Ronk, under the label Justin Time Records, following his Live at Sir George Williams University performance.
Dessislava Mladenova, a Bulgarian tennis player born on June 21, 1988, in Sofia, is a female athlete in tennis.
Katha, a comedy film directed by Sai Paranjpye and released in 1983, stars Farooq Sheikh and Naseeruddin Shah.
Ejovi Nuwere, a businessperson born on January 1, 1980, in Brooklyn, is a male citizen of the United States.
Moonlight Mile is a drama film directed by Brad Silberling, with a score composed by Mark Isham. The film features Tom Dahlgren, Dabney Coleman, and Mary Catherine Garrison in its cast.
Andris Liepa, born on January 6, 1962, in Moscow, was a ballet dancer, theatre director, and producer, and held citizenship of the Soviet Union.
Abdul Mteketa, a male politician born on January 1, 1951, in Tanganyika, is a citizen of Tanzania and served as a Member of the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Andrea D'Errico, born on March 24, 1992, in Milan, is a football player who plays as a forward for A.C. Monza.
Rebeldes is a Brazilian band formed in 2011, part of the rock and pop genre, signed with EMI.
Koch Brothers Exposed is a documentary film directed by Robert Greenwald and produced by Jim Miller, featuring Bernie Sanders in its cast. It was released on January 1, 2012.
Azwan Aripin, born on 21 April 1996 in Kelantan, is a football player who plays for Kelantan FA and is associated with association football.
Ove Pedersen, a Danish male born on August 30, 1954, was both a football player and a manager in association football.
Games People Play is a hard rock album by Pink Cream 69, produced by Dirk Steffens, released under Epic Records in 1993.
Evandro da Silva, a Brazilian male football player born on January 14, 1997, in Messias, Alagoas, plays association football.
Ronald Kasper, a male cricketer born on March 22, 1946, in Auckland, New Zealand, is a citizen of New Zealand and played cricket.
Beachmont is a metro station in Revere, Massachusetts, United States, and it opened on January 19, 1954, on the Blue Line, adjacent to Suffolk Downs station.
Egongyan Bridge, located in Chongqing, China, is a road bridge that opened officially in 2000. It is downstream from Caiyuanba Bridge and upstream from Egongyan Rail Transit Bridge.
Jennifer Martínez, a female lawyer born on November 5, 1971, in San Francisco, holds citizenship in the United States and earned her degree from Harvard Law School.
Manuel Francisco Barreto, a male born on September 12, 1982, in Lima, Peru, is both a former football player and a manager in association football.
Akihito Ozawa, a male football player born on August 10, 1992, in Saitama Prefecture, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays association football.
David Dontoh, a male actor born in 1964 in Cape Coast, Ghana, is a citizen of Ghana.
The Best of Larry Niven is a science fiction book published in 2010, authored by Larry Niven, and originates from the United States, written in English.
Vladimir Kush, born on January 1, 1965, in Moscow, Russia, is both a sculptor and a painter.
Cecilia Norrbom, a Swedish female born on January 28, 1988, is a human.
Jonathan Steele, a human, received the James Cameron Memorial Trust Award and the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism. He studied at Yale University and his surname is Steele.
Badai Pasti Berlalu is a romance novel published in 1974 by Marga T, originally from Indonesia, and published by Kompas Gramedia Group.
"The Pilgrim's Regress," authored by C.S. Lewis and published in 1933, is a fantasy novel originating from the United Kingdom.
Kurt Baschwitz, who holds a doctorate and is employed by the University of Amsterdam, speaks and writes in German and is described by the source Obalky knih.cz.
Chenoa's album, released in 2002 under Jive Records and produced by Brian Rawling, originated from Spain and features the artist Chenoa.
New Jersey Route 163 is a road owned and maintained by the New Jersey Department of Transportation, located in New Jersey, United States, and was established in 1953.
Myrna Dey is a Canadian novelist born in Calgary. She is female and her family name is Dey.
Mike Kosman is a baseball player who played as a second baseman for the Cincinnati Reds and is also a member of the Mobile Bears.
Mike Sutherland, a male Canadian born on June 25, 1971, in Ottawa, is a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Pat Davis, a female musician, was born in Fort Worth, Texas, and her surname is Davis.
Medicine for Melancholy is a drama film directed and written by Barry Jenkins, released on March 7, 2008, in the United States.
Daniel W. Bell is a male human and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He is also a citizen of the United States.
Kim Young-mu, a male football player born on September 3, 1984, in South Korea, holds citizenship of South Korea and plays association football.
Jamarro Diks, a male football player born on April 26, 1995, in the Netherlands and a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, plays association football.
Larissa Muldoon, a female rugby union player born on 11 March 1991 in Donegal, is a citizen of the Republic of Ireland and a member of the Ireland women's national rugby union team.
Angelina Simakova, a Russian female artistic gymnast born on August 26, 2002, competes in artistic gymnastics.
Dave Burgess, a male football player from Liverpool, was born on January 20, 1960, and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom. He played association football.
Sebastian Coe, born on September 29, 1956, in London, is a British politician, athletics competitor, and autobiographer.
Hoodman Blind is a drama film directed by John Ford, released on December 20, 1923, starring Frank Campeau and Gladys Hulette.
Juli Feigon, a female biophysicist and member of the National Academy of Sciences, works at the University of California, Los Angeles and has received prestigious awards including the Presidential Young Investigator Award and Fellowship from the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Scar the Martyr is a heavy metal band formed in the United States in 2013, signed to Roadrunner Records.
Jay Graham, a running back for the Green Bay Packers and the Baltimore Ravens, was educated at Concord High School in North Carolina.
Melbourne Municipal Airport, located in Arkansas and named after Melbourne, Arkansas, is an airport that began operations on January 1, 1994, serving the area as a transport hub.
Rayne Storm, a male rapper and producer born on December 7, 1983, in Harlem, holds citizenship in the United States.
George Hewitt, born in 1878 in Burslem, was an association football player who played as an inside forward for Luton Town F.C.
Lateef the Truthspeaker, a male rapper born on September 28, 1974, in Oakland, California, is a citizen of the United States.
Igor Vamos, a male multimedia artist born on April 15, 1968, in the United States, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was educated at Reed College.
Al-Taraji Club is an association football club based in Saudi Arabia, founded in 1981, playing in the Saudi Second Division and based at the Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Stadium.
The Wedding Bells, distributed by 20th Television, features composers like Danny Lux and executive producer David E. Kelley. The show includes cast members such as Michael Landes, Teri Polo, and Sarah Jones.
Leif Engqvist, a Swedish male football player born on July 30, 1962, in Dalby, Lund Municipality, participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Nancy Boy is an alternative rock single by Placebo, released on United Artists Records on January 20, 1997.
Millions in the Air is a comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Sig Herzig, starring John Howard. It was released in 1935.
Kaia Kanepi, from Estonia, resides in Tallinn and plays tennis. She represented Estonia in the Fed Cup team and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Monsieur Hire, a drama film directed by Patrice Leconte and written by Patrick Dewolf, was released on September 28, 1989, with Luc Thuillier and Philippe Dormoy in the cast.
Julie Brougham, a female equestrian born on May 20, 1954, in Palmerston North, New Zealand, participated in the equestrian events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Husbands and Wives, directed by Woody Allen and composed by Gustav Mahler, is a drama featuring cast members Jerry Zaks, Bruce Jay Friedman, and Cristi Conaway.
Hannah Tyler Wilcox, a female physician born on August 31, 1838, in Boonville, New York, was a citizen of the United States.
The Youngstown Bears were a basketball team based in the United States, founded in 1945 and disbanded in 1947, competing in the National Basketball League.
The Phantom of the Big Tent is a German drama film produced by Friedrich Wilhelm Gaik, directed by Georg Krause, and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Omayya SC is an association football club based in Syria, founded in 1944, that plays in the Syrian Premier League and hosts its games at the Idlib Municipal Stadium.
John Cenci, born on January 4, 1934, in Pittsburgh, was an American football player who played as a center for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team.
Kent Hulst, a male ice hockey player born on April 8, 1968, in St. Thomas, Ontario, holds Canadian citizenship.
The Aloha Tower, an observation tower and lighthouse located in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States, was in service from 1926 to 1975.
Fabien Lamirault, a French male born on March 17, 1980, in Longjumeau, is a table tennis player.
Prince Edward Island National Park, operated by Parks Canada, was established in 1937 and is located in both Kings County and Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada, as part of the National Parks of Canada.
Harry Green, born in 1908 in Sheffield, United Kingdom, was a male football player who played association football.
Diena is a Latvian newspaper headquartered in Riga, which was founded on November 23, 1990, and works in the Latvian language.
Such Pleasure, a novel published by Cresset Press in 1949, follows "Lucinda Brayford" and is authored by Martin Boyd.
Tuula Teeri, a female biologist born on June 20, 1957, in Espoo, Finland, works at KTH Royal Institute of Technology.
Tango Argentino is a documentary film directed by Simón Feldman, released in 1969, with its origins in Argentina and originally filmed in Spanish.
Forest Park High School, a state school located in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, was established in 1924 and is part of the Baltimore City Public Schools district.
Tendai Mtawarira, a male rugby union player born on August 1, 1985, in Harare, Zimbabwe, represents his country in the sport.
Simon Madden, a male football player from Dublin, was born on May 1, 1988, and holds citizenship of the Republic of Ireland. He plays association football.
RMS Medina (1911), a ship owned and operated by P&O, was manufactured by Caird & Company and hailed from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, with its home port in London.
Aimé Étienne Jacquet played association football as a midfielder for Olympique Lyonnais.
Dhushantha Ranatunga, a male cricketer born on November 8, 1991, in Negombo, Sri Lanka, plays cricket.
Owen Hale, a musician born on July 15, 1948, in Louisville, Kentucky, holds citizenship in the United States and identifies as male.
The New Frontier is a Western film directed by Carl Pierson and released on January 1, 1935, starring Sam Flint and Glenn Strange.
Michael Turner, a male business executive from the United Kingdom born on August 5, 1948, was educated at Manchester Metropolitan University and worked for British Aerospace.
Groupama Arena, a soccer-specific stadium located in Budapest, Hungary, is owned by Ferencvárosi TC and operated by Lagardère Group, with Ferencvárosi TC as its primary occupant.
Nikhil Haldipur, a male cricketer born on December 19, 1977, in India, is a citizen of the country and plays cricket professionally.
Hanif Hamir, born on February 22, 1997, in Brunei, is a football player who plays as a defender for DPMM FC.
Bukovinka is a municipality in the Blansko District of the Czech Republic, located in Moravia and sharing a border with Jedovnice. It is also considered a cadastral area in the Czech Republic.
Ben Batger, a male rugby union player born on March 20, 1984, in Sydney and a citizen of New Zealand, plays for the New South Wales Waratahs.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima, an association football club based in Hiroshima, Japan, was founded in 1992 and is owned by Mazda.
Andre Payette, a male ice hockey player born on July 29, 1976, in Cornwall, Ontario, holds Canadian citizenship.
Luke Hemmerich, a German male born on February 9, 1998, in Essen, is a football player who plays association football.
Miloslav Kejval, a male cyclist from the Czech Republic, was born on July 11, 1973, and competes in cycle sport.
Rose Boyko, a Canadian female born in 1950, is both a lawyer and a judge.
Kim Won-gun, born on May 1, 1992, on Jeju Island, is a football player who plays as a centre back for FC Seoul.
Pine County, Minnesota, which became a county on March 1, 1856, is located in Minnesota, United States, and shares a border with Polk County, Wisconsin. Its county seat is Pine City, Minnesota.
Sander Boschker, a male football player born on October 20, 1970, in Lichtenvoorde, is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Yogyakarta railway station, an instance of a train station in Indonesia, was owned by the Indonesian Railway Company and opened on July 20, 1887. It is located in the administrative territory of Yogyakarta.
Love on Ice is a film directed by Kurt Meisel and written by Johannes Kai, with Friedrich Meyer as the composer. It features Sepp Nigg in the cast and was released in 1950.
Andy Craven was a member of the Tacoma Defiance from its start time until the end time, which was determined through an acquisition transaction.
Emily van Egmond, a female football player born on July 12, 1993, in Newcastle, New South Wales, is an Australian citizen who participated in football at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Yves Pierracci, a French male born on July 26, 1916, in Salindres, was a sport cyclist who participated in the Tour de France.
Giles County, Virginia, which was established in 1806 and is part of the United States, is a county located in Virginia, sharing a border with Mercer County, West Virginia, and its capital is Pearisburg, Virginia.
Andreas Hollingen, a male football player born on 02 October 1994 in Molde, Norway, holds Norwegian citizenship.
DJ-Kicks: Thievery Corporation is a lounge music DJ mix released on January 1, 1999, under the label Studio! K7, produced by Thievery Corporation.
The Two Captains is a novel written by Veniamin Kaverin, originally published in 1940 in the Russian language, and originates from the Soviet Union.
"Spaceship to Saturn," a science fiction novel published in 1967 by Hugh Walters, was published by Faber and Faber in the United Kingdom.
David Haas is a winger who played ice hockey for the Calgary Flames and the Edmonton Oilers.
Coco Mbassi, a Cameroonian female singer, was born on February 28, 1969, in Cameroon.
Stu Mills, a male cricketer from New Zealand, was born on June 22, 1982, and his surname is Mills.
"The Victory of Faith," produced by the Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda and distributed by UFA GmbH, was directed by Leni Riefenstahl and starred Julius Streicher and Franz Ritter von Epp, with the film originally produced in the German language.
Ana Binet, a female volleyball player born on February 9, 1992, in Sánchez, Dominican Republic, is a citizen of the Dominican Republic.
Valentin Antov, a male football player born on November 9, 2000, in Sofia, Bulgaria, holds Bulgarian citizenship and plays association football.
Frank Henkel, a male politician born on November 16, 1963, in Berlin, held citizenship in both Germany and East Germany.
Visions is a popular science book written by Michio Kaku and published in the United States in 1998, primarily focusing on physics.
Moin Ashraf, a male cricketer born on January 5, 1992, in Bradford, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom.
Todd Clarke, a male football player from Australia born on April 28, 1951, played association football for White City FC.
Chuck Corgan, a male citizen of the United States, plays American football and is a member of the New York Giants. His family name is Corgan.
The Spanish Gardener is a novel published in 1950 by A.J. Cronin, originally from the United Kingdom, and published by Little, Brown and Company.
Thomas Mann, a male short story writer, was a member of the German Democratic Party and was educated at both the Technical University of Munich and Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was employed by Simplicissimus.
Kevin Newman, a male baseball player born on August 4, 1993, in Poway, California, plays for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Miss Virginia USA is a female beauty pageant headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, and was established in 1952, operating within the administrative territory of Virginia, United States.
Sanjiv Bhatt, a male police officer born on December 21, 1963, in Mumbai, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay.
Qiu Yike, a Chinese male born on January 18, 1985, is a table tennis player and human.
Yokohama Rubber Company, a business enterprise based in Japan and legally structured as a Kabushiki gaisha, was founded on January 1, 1917, with its headquarters in Tokyo.
Johnny Acosta, a male football player born on July 21, 1983, in Quesada, San Carlos, is a citizen of Costa Rica and participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Peter Townend, a male surfer born on May 30, 1953, in Coolangatta, Australia, competes in surfing.
Sam Palumbo, a male American citizen and American football player, was born on June 7, 1932, and played for the Cleveland Browns.
Phoenix City Hall, a skyscraper and city hall located in Arizona, United States, was built in 1994 and owned by the city of Phoenix.
Middlesex Community College, established in 1970, is a public educational institution located in Massachusetts, United States, and falls under the category of community colleges.
Marc Crawford is a human who received the Jack Adams Award and played for the Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League. His family name is Crawford.
Kenneth Chipolina, born on 30 December 1995 in Gibraltar, is a football player who plays association football for Lynx F.C.
Captain Lash is a silent film produced by William Fox and directed by John G. Blystone, featuring Victor McLaglen in the cast. It was released on January 1, 1929.
Abdul Diallo, a male football player born on December 23, 1985, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, is a citizen of Burkina Faso and plays association football.
Dream Demon is a film composed by Bill Nelson, featuring Jemma Redgrave and Mark Greenstreet in its cast, with release dates of January 1, 1988, and October 6, 1988.
Ignat Zemchenko, a male ice hockey player born on April 24, 1992, in Kiev, holds Russian citizenship.
The Game, authored by Ken Dryden and published by Wiley on September 2003, is a book about ice hockey originating from Canada.
Emad Moteab, a male football player born on February 20, 1983, in Sharqia Governorate, Egypt, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Niuvalu Fifita, a male football player born on May 23, 1990, plays as a midfielder for the Tonga national football team.
Symbolics, a business founded by Russell Noftsker on January 1, 1979, was formed in Cambridge, Massachusetts and has its headquarters in Concord, Massachusetts, United States.
Jon Merrill is a defenceman who played for the Michigan Wolverines men's ice hockey team and was drafted by the New Jersey Devils, playing in the National Hockey League.
Walter Waalderbos, a male football player born on July 21, 1951, in the Netherlands and a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, played association football.
Joris Harteveld, a male born on July 2, 1968, in Gobabis, Namibia, is a citizen of Namibia and a sport cyclist in cycle sport.
James Situma, a Kenyan male born on November 11, 1984, in Kenya, is a football player.
Johnny Gaudreau is a human who plays in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames and has received the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy. His full name is John Gaudreau.
The Caterpillar Wish, an Australian film distributed by Palace Cinemas in Australia, was directed by Greig Fraser and edited by Jason Ballantine. It features Victoria Thaine in the cast and is set in South Australia.
Vitaliy Sobko, a male football player born on July 27, 1987, in Kharkiv, Ukraine, is a citizen of Ukraine and plays association football.
Plausible Worlds, an English-language book authored by Geoffrey Hawthorn and published in 1991, explores counterfactual history and originates from the United Kingdom.
Disgaea Infinite is a Japanese visual novel video game released on November 1, 2009, for the PlayStation Portable, composed by Tenpei Sato.
Sword of Honour is a miniseries from Australia, based on the Vietnam War, starring Tracy Mann, and originally aired on the Seven Network starting on October 20, 1986.
Barlow/Max Bell station, a train station located in Alberta, Canada, was officially opened in 1985.
Doug Flynn, whose family name is Flynn, played shortstop for the New York Mets and the Detroit Tigers. He was educated at Bryan Station High School.
Patrick Hall, a human and cricketer with the given names Martin and Patrick, plays cricket for both Hampshire County Cricket Club and Oxford University Cricket Club.
Raimundas Palaitis, a male politician born on October 23, 1957, in Palanga, Lithuania, holds citizenship in Lithuania and was educated at Vilnius University.
Lunde Station, an instance of a train station in Norway, was owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration and officially opened on January 1, 1925, in the administrative territorial entity of Nome, Norway.
Corey Lemonier is a human who played as a linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers and was educated at Auburn University, where he also played for the Auburn Tigers. He represents the United States in sports.
Orient News, a news agency founded by Ghassan Aboud in 2008, is headquartered in Dubai and operates in the mass media industry.
Save the World, Lose the Girl is a punk rock album by Midtown, released in 2000 through Drive-Thru Records and produced by Mark Trombino.
Live at Eindhoven is a thrash metal live album by Testament, produced by Alex Perialas and released by Megaforce Records, originating from the United States.
The Sileru River, located in both Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, India, is a river that flows into the Sabari River in Asia.
Charles Dolan, a businessperson born on October 16, 1926, in Cleveland, United States, is educated at John Carroll University and identifies as male.
Dough for the Do-Do is an animated short film directed by Friz Freleng and produced by Edward Selzer, with a screenwriter named Warren Foster. It features Mel Blanc in the cast and was released in 1949.
The Beer Lovers Party, a political party in Russia, had its headquarters in Moscow and was active from January 1, 1993, to January 1, 1998, with Konstantin Kalachyov as its chairperson.
Leng Tch'e is a Belgian grindcore band formed in Ghent in 2001, and is signed to Relapse Records.
New York State Route 144 is a road owned and maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation, located in New York state, United States, and was established in 1930.
Daniel Mesotitsch, a male biathlete born on May 22, 1976, in Villach, lives in Hochfilzen and is a citizen of Austria.
Living Among Us is a horror film directed and written by Brian Metcalf, released on February 2, 2018, in the United States.
David Hayman Jr., a male born in 1901 in Scotland, is a film director and human.
Simon Chesterman, a male teacher from Australia born in 1973, is employed at New York University and was educated at Beijing International Studies University.
Eduarda Amorim, a Brazilian female born on September 23, 1986, in Blumenau, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Daisuke Hirakawa, born on June 4, 1973, in Niigata, Japan, is a Japanese singer, voice actor, and actor.
Shiori Sato, a Japanese female fashion model, was born on July 27, 1990, in Ageo, Saitama.
The Deadstring Brothers, an alternative country band formed in Detroit in 2003, are an instance of a rock and pop band from the United States, signed with Bloodshot Records.
Tony Daniel, a male comics artist and writer born on January 1, 1901, in New York City.
Alexandra Louis, a French female politician and lawyer born on September 17, 1983, in Grenoble, holds citizenship in France.
Warren Holmes is a centre in ice hockey who played for the Los Angeles Kings and was drafted by them, competing in the National Hockey League.
Wojciech Szala is a football defender who plays for GKS Katowice. His full name is Wojciech Szala.
Franco Fasano, born on June 30, 1961, in Albenga, Italy, is a record producer, singer, and singer-songwriter.
The Isaac Davis House, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a Renaissance Revival architecture house designed by William R. Walker and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Love Uprising is a soul music and rhythm and blues album by Tavares, released in 1980 on Capitol Records.
MBAND, a pop-rap group from Russia, was formed in Moscow on January 1, 2014, and is signed with Velvet Music.
Mark Ferreira, a male tennis player born on March 1, 1967, in Mumbai, is a citizen of India.
The Hubbard Free Library, a public library located in Maine, United States, is part of the Hallowell Historic District and was designed by architect Alexander Currier, with the library designated as a contributing property.
Justin Harper, a male American football player born on February 24, 1985, in Catawba, North Carolina, holds citizenship in the United States and plays American football.
Jan Mertzig is a human who plays as a defenceman for the New York Rangers in the National Hockey League and was drafted by the team.
Mark W. Spong, a male roboticist born on November 5, 1952, in Warren, Ohio, and a citizen of the United States, was educated at New Mexico State University.
Zach Auguste is a human who plays basketball for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish as a power forward and competes in men's basketball for the United States.
Hamilton Township, located in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, was established on April 11, 1842, and named after Alexander Hamilton. It is part of the Hamilton Township School District and is classified as a township in New Jersey.
The Unsaid, an American-Canadian film distributed by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, features cast members Linda Cardellini and Teri Polo and was filmed in Saskatchewan.
Camelia Voinea, a female artistic gymnast born on March 1, 1970, in Constanța, Romania, holds Romanian citizenship.
Kiel Airport, a commercial airfield in Germany, was inaugurated on January 1, 1914, and is located in the administrative territory of Schleswig-Holstein, specifically in Kiel.
Sweden: Heaven and Hell is a film directed and written by Luigi Scattini, with Edmund Purdom in the cast, and was composed by Piero Umiliani. It was released on January 1, 1968.
Once Again, an independent film directed and written by Sanjay Arora, was released on January 1, 2012, in India.
Tina Rupprecht, a female boxer born on August 23, 1992, in Augsburg, Germany, competes in boxing.
Arnold Kriegstein, a male neurologist and researcher born in Tirschenreuth, earned his education at New York University and worked at Columbia University.
Bran Castle, an instance of a castle located in Brașov, Romania, was owned by Dominic von Habsburg and was built in 1212.
Kanchanjangha is an action film directed by Zubeen Garg, which was published on September 6, 2019, and stars Zubeen Garg, with India as its country of origin.
The 2004 Malaysian Grand Prix, part of the 2004 Formula One World Championship and held on March 21, 2004, was an auto racing event at the Sepang International Circuit in Malaysia.
Ken Hebert, born on December 9, 1942, in San Bernardino, California, was an American football player who played as a wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Gardens Between is a puzzle video game released on September 20, 2018, for MacOS. It was composed by Tim Shiel and distributed through the Humble Store.
LaKisha Jones, a female born on January 13, 1980, in Flint, Michigan, and a citizen of the United States, is both a singer and a model.
Luca Vignali is a midfielder who plays for Spezia Calcio and is a human.
The Legacy of Luna is a nonfiction written work by Julia Butterfly Hill, published on April 1, 2000, in the United States.
The Lizzie McGuire Movie, produced by Stan Rogow Productions and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, was originally filmed in English and stars Alex Borstein and Jake Thomas, with its origin in the United States.
"The Sparrow's Fluttering," an Italian-language film from France, features Gianfranco Mingozzi as the screenwriter and cast members Beppe Chierici, Sabrina Ferilli, and Nicola Farron.
Spencer Drever, a Canadian male actor, was born on August 30, 2003, and works in television.
Uladzislaw Duksa, a male football player from Belarus born on July 7, 1980, plays association football and is a member of FC Smorgon.
The Cactaceae, a written work published by the Carnegie Institution for Science, was authored by Joseph Nelson Rose and Nathaniel Lord Britton, illustrated by Kako Morita, and focuses mainly on cacti.
Speed Track is an Indian sports and action film with Jayasurya as the screenwriter, featuring cast members Riyaz Khan and Gajala.
Francesca Grilli, a female artist born on January 1, 1978, is a human.
Here Come the Waves, an American film produced by Mark Sandrich, was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The movie was originally filmed in English and directed by Charles Lang, with editing by Ellsworth Hoagland.
The River Woman is a drama film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Harold Shumate, starring Lionel Barrymore. It was released on January 1, 1928.
Taitung Railway Art Village, an arts centre and former train station located in Taitung County and City, Taiwan, was established on April 20, 1922.
Juan Becerra Acosta, a male journalist born on August 20, 1973, in Mexico City, holds citizenship in Mexico and was educated at the Universidad Latinoamericana.
Riley Cote is a human who plays as a winger for the Philadelphia Flyers in the National Hockey League.
The Sperillen Line is a railway operated by Norwegian State Railways from 1883 to 1996, located in Norway and part of the rail transport system, terminating in Hen, Buskerud.
Jamie Sparrow, a male cricketer born on January 22, 1971, in Bishop's Stortford, United Kingdom, has the surname Sparrow.
Shaun Murphy, a male snooker player from the United Kingdom born on August 10, 1982, in Harlow, won the 2011 Players Tour Championship Grand Final.
Hoosiers is a drama and teen film directed by David Anspaugh and written by Angelo Pizzo, starring Sheb Wooley and Barbara Hershey.
G.K. Bowes, born on December 12, 1986, in Tahiti and a citizen of the United States, is a female actor and voice actor.
Hold the Sunset is a sitcom first aired on 18 February 2018, starring John Cleese and Alison Steadman, and directed by Sandy Johnson.
Valery Knyazev, a male ice hockey player born on June 11, 1992, in Volgograd, Russia, is a citizen of Russia.
Whale Branch Early College High School, an instance of a high school in North America, was established in 2010 and is part of the Beaufort County School District in South Carolina, United States.
Thibaut Fauconnet, a French short track speed skater born on April 23, 1985, in Dijon, competes in speed skating.
Nevada State Route 342 is a road owned and maintained by the Nevada Department of Transportation, located in Nevada, United States, and was established in 1976.
The Saab 9-7X is a sport utility vehicle and car model manufactured by Saab Automobile, following the Oldsmobile Bravada and preceded by the Saab 9-4X.
Rock Band Blitz is a rhythm game developed by Harmonix and published on August 28, 2012, in the United States for PlayStation 3.
Raisel Iglesias, a male baseball player born on January 4, 1990, in Isla de la Juventud, is a citizen of Cuba.
The Upside, a comedy-drama directed by Neil Burger and written by Paul Feig, was published on February 21, 2019, and stars Nicole Kidman. This film is titled "The Upside" for Spain.
The Alapaha River, located in Florida, United States, is a river that flows into the Suwannee River and is a tributary of both the Willacoochee River and the Alapahoochee River.
Rockpile is an album by Dave Edmunds, released on January 1972, under Regal Zonophone Records. It falls within the rock and roll genre and was produced by Dave Edmunds.
"Raise Your Head" is an Italian film directed from a screenplay by Angelo Carbone and Francesca Marciano, edited by Massimo Fiocchi, with cinematography by Arnaldo Catinari, and originates from Italy.
Natura & Co, a Brazilian cosmetics company and multi-level marketing corporation, was founded on January 1, 1969, with its headquarters in Cajamar, operating as an S.A. (corporation).
Marcus Beilby, a male painter from Australia born on January 1, 1951, was educated at Applecross Senior High School.
FSV Braunfels, an association football club based in Braunfels, Germany, was founded in 1918 and is located in the administrative territory of Braunfels.
23 Wall Street is an office building and high-rise building located in Manhattan, United States, owned by J.P. Morgan & Co., and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ten Years Old is a silent short film produced and distributed by Pathé, directed by Robert A. McGowan, and released on January 1, 1927, by F. Richard Jones.
Kunie Tanaka, a male actor from Japan, was born on November 23, 1932, in Toki, Gifu.
Calvin Miller, a male football player born on January 9, 1998, in Glasgow, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
"Be All My Sins Remember'd" is an English-language television series episode directed by Andy Mikita and written by Martin Gero, first aired on January 4, 2008.
Chajo Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was established on June 2, 1914, and is operated by Meitetsu. It is located in Gifu and connects to the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
Steven Bates, a male rugby union player born on January 16, 1980, in Auckland, New Zealand, is a citizen of New Zealand.
Olivier Merle, a male rugby union player born on November 14, 1965, in Chamalières, France, holds French citizenship.
Steve Galliers, a male born on 21 August 1957 in Fulwood, Lancashire, is both a football player and a handyman, and he holds citizenship in the United Kingdom.
"The Story of a Broken Heart" is a country music single by Johnny Cash, released on Sun Records on June 1, 1960.
The Freeman School of Business, founded in 1914 and headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, is a business school under Tulane University.
Shampoo is a romantic comedy and comedy-drama directed by Hal Ashby, with screenplays by Robert Towne, and starring Jack Warden and Brad Dexter.
New York University Shanghai, a private university affiliated with New York University, was established in 2012 and is located in Pudong, China.
Lugz is a company based in New York City, United States, founded in 1993, that produces sports equipment.
Eric Flint is a male human who was educated at the University of California, Los Angeles and is described on Obalky knih.cz. His surname is Flint.
Roger Machado Marques, a Brazilian male born on April 25, 1975, in Porto Alegre, is both a former football player and a manager in association football.
Maniac Cop 2 is an English-language slasher film produced by Larry Cohen, starring Michael Lerner, Robert Davi, and Bruce Campbell.
Directions, an album by PC Quest released in 1992, features rock and pop music genres and was produced by George Tobin.
Merry Christmas Everyone is a pop rock single by Shakin' Stevens, produced by Dave Edmunds, and was released on December 7, 1985, under Epic Records.
Rune Selj, a male Norwegian politician born on June 8, 1952, served as a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway and was a member of the Conservative Party in Norway.
Rick Guttormson, a male baseball player born on January 11, 1977, in Torrance, California, holds citizenship in the United States.
Beth Campbell, a female artist from the United States born on January 1, 1971, received her education at Truman State University and was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Meant to Beh is a Christmas film directed by Chris Martinez, released on December 25, 2017, from the Philippines and distributed by OctoArts Films.
Yan Yinhua, a female cyclist born on August 12, 1968, in China, is an athlete in cycle sport.
Lupo the Butcher is a comedy short film directed and written by Danny Antonucci, produced by Marv Newland, and was published on January 1, 1987.
The Roxburgh Branch is a branch line operated by the New Zealand Railways Department, located in Otago, New Zealand, and part of the rail transport system in the country.
Kyle Carr, a male football player born on January 21, 1995, in Indialantic, Florida, plays as a midfielder for Lansing Ignite FC.
The Wilkinson House in Joelton, Tennessee, is a historic single-family detached home designed by Clarence Kelley Colley and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in Joelton, Tennessee, within the United States.
Jeffrey Eggleston, a male born on October 1, 1984, in Rochester, New York, and a citizen of the United States, is a marathon runner in the sport of athletics.
The 143rd Street station, an IRT Second Avenue Line metro station in The Bronx, United States, opened on May 23, 1886, and was officially closed on May 12, 1955.
Alif Hassan, born on May 14, 1994, in Sarawak, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for the Sarawak FA.
Million Dollar Money Drop is a French game show that premiered on TF1 on December 20, 2010.
"She's Come Undone" is a novel published on August 24, 1992, by Wally Lamb and published by Simon & Schuster in the United States.
Menachem Bello, a male football player born on December 26, 1947, in Tel Aviv, Israel, participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Marinho, a male football and futsal player born on March 30, 1985, in Porto, Portugal, holds Portuguese citizenship.
Ed Brubaker is a male cartoonist whose family name is Brubaker. He is listed as a human and is described on Obalky knih.cz.
Betty Pariso, a female bodybuilder born on January 1, 1956, in Cynthiana, Kentucky, holds citizenship in the United States.
Adrian Cioroianu, born on January 5, 1967, in Craiova, Romania, is a historian, journalist, and politician.
David Francey, a male residing in East Ayrshire, has received the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year — Solo and has been nominated for the same award multiple times.
Jair Pereira, a male football player born on July 7, 1986, in Cuautla, Morelos, Mexico, is a citizen of Mexico and plays association football.
The Rica Seilet Hotel, owned by Scandic Hotels and designed by Kjell Kosberg, is a hotel located in Molde, Norway, and was inaugurated in 2002.
Toledo is an underground railway station and Metro station located in Naples, Italy, with its official opening on April 12, 2012, after an inception date of January 1, 2012.
Vidya Vathi, a female actor born on August 16, 1994, in Andhra Pradesh, resides in Chennai and holds Indian citizenship.
The Orlando International Airport Intermodal Terminal, owned by the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority and located at Orlando International Airport, is a train station in Orlando, Florida, United States, and was officially opened on November 17, 2017.
The 1999 Faber Grand Prix Women's Doubles was a tennis event organized by the Women's Tennis Association in 1999.
Shungiku Nakamura, a Japanese female illustrator and mangaka born on December 13, 1980, in Japan, is known for her work in both illustration and manga.
Tracy Wilson, born on September 25, 1961, in Lachine, Quebec, is a Canadian who has worked as both an ice dancer and a figure skating coach.
The Windmill at Wijk bij Duurstede, a landscape painting created by Jacob van Ruisdael on January 1, 1670, is owned by the Rijksmuseum and depicts a windmill in the Netherlands.
Judy of Rogue's Harbor is a silent film from the United States, starring Mary Miles Minter, Charles Meredith, and George Periolat, with screenwriter Clara Beranger.
Jan de Nijs, born on 25 January 1958 in Amsterdam, is a Dutch track cyclist and athlete in cycle sport.
Hassan Muhammad Makki, a male citizen of Yemen, holds the position of Prime Minister and was educated at Sapienza University of Rome and the University of Bologna. He is currently employed at Sana'a University.
Hawke's Bay United FC, an association football club based in New Zealand, was founded in 2005 and competes in the New Zealand Football Championship with its headquarters in Napier.
Dalixia Fernández, a female volleyball player from Guantánamo, Cuba, was born on November 26, 1977.
The Communist Party of Latvia, an organization founded on January 1, 1904 and dissolved on January 1, 1991, had its headquarters in Riga and was a part of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Blackwell's Island is an American film distributed and produced by Warner Bros., starring Stanley Fields and Granville Bates, and originally filmed in English.
Mortty Ivy, a male American football player from the United States born on April 26, 1986, plays for the Miami Dolphins.
The National Taichung Theater, owned by the Taichung City Government and located in Taichung, Taiwan, is a theater structure that was inaugurated on January 1, 2015, and officially opened on September 30, 2016.
Liam Honohan, a male born in 1969 in Bishopstown, is a Gaelic football player who played for the Cork Senior Football Team.
Alan Solow is a male lawyer from the United States, born in 2000, who was educated at Harvard Law School and is an instance of a human.
The Port of Hamburg, an instance of a seaport located in Germany and operated by the Hamburg Port Authority, was established on May 7, 1189, and is situated in the administrative territory of Hamburg, next to the Unterelbe.
"Putting on the Ritz" is a novel published by Viking Press in 1991, written by Joe Keenan and set in New York City.
The London Company, a business founded in 1606, operated until 1624 and was succeeded by the Somers Isles Company, following in the footsteps of the Plymouth Company. Its headquarters were located in London.
Michel Voisin, a French male politician born on October 6, 1944, in Replonges, holds the position of Mayor of Replonges.
Stephanie Sequeira, a female bodybuilder born on June 30, 1993, competes in bodybuilding.
Mike Thorne, born on January 25, 1948, in Sunderland, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and works as a pianist, record producer, and composer.
Sharbani Mukherjee, a female Indian actor born in 1969, is a human citizen of India.
MC Yankoo, a male singer and rapper born on August 27, 1981, in Vienna, Austria, holds Austrian citizenship.
The 1912 Copenhagen Football Championship, organized by the Danish Football Union, was a season of association football held in Denmark in 1912.
Carolina Indriago, a female born on August 22, 1980, in Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela, is both a model and a beauty pageant contestant.
Jack Howell, a male baseball player born on August 18, 1961, in Tucson, Arizona, holds citizenship in the United States and plays baseball.
Italeri, an Italian business enterprise founded in 1962, has its headquarters and formation location in Bologna.
Emilie Ullerup, a Danish film actor born on October 27, 1984, in Copenhagen, is female.
The India Meteorological Department, a government agency and meteorological service established in 1875, is headquartered in Lodhi Road, New Delhi, India.
Liao Fan, born on February 14, 1974, in Changsha, China, is a versatile actor with careers in both stage and television.
Farragut West station, an underground Metro station located in Washington, D.C., United States, was owned by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority and opened in 1977.
Miriam Lau, a Chinese female lawyer and politician born on April 27, 1947, in Guangzhou, is a citizen of China.
Daniel Duarte, a male football player born on October 25, 1979, in Gibraltar and a citizen of the United Kingdom, plays association football.
Performance is a LGBT-related film distributed by Warner Bros., produced by Goodtimes Enterprises and Sanford Lieberson, with cast members Kenneth Colley and John Creasey.
The World Film Company, founded by Lewis J. Selznick in 1914, is a film production company headquartered and formed in Fort Lee, New Jersey, United States.
William Maclay was a male member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and a United States representative, working in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Chetan Singh Hari, a male sport cyclist born on September 14, 1936, in India, held citizenship during the British Raj and later in independent India.
Chouans! is a film produced by Ariel Zeitoun, directed by Bernard Zitzermann, and features cast members Philippe Noiret, Maxime Leroux, and Sophie Marceau, with the original language being French.
Saskatchewan Highway 934 is a road maintained by the Ministry of Highways and Infrastructure in Saskatchewan, Canada, part of the broader highway system in the province.
Devin Brown, a male basketball player born on December 30, 1978, in Salt Lake City, is a citizen of the United States.
Tecumseh is a city in Johnson County, Nebraska, United States, serving as both the county seat and the capital of Johnson County. It was established in 1856.
Tyrel is a drama film directed and written by Sebastián Silva, starring Jason Mitchell, and was released on 20 January 2018.
The Woman Next Door is a drama film from 1919, directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Carolyn Wells, with Ethel Clayton in the cast.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens, established on January 1, 1859, is both a botanical garden and an herbarium located in Singapore, and it has been designated a World Heritage Site.
Yaya Soumahoro, a male football player born on September 28, 1989, in Abidjan, is a citizen of the Ivory Coast and plays association football.
The 2011 Players Championship, a golf tournament held in the United States, was won by K.J. Choi in 2011.
Harsimus Cove station, an instance of a tram stop owned by NJ Transit, is located in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. It was opened on November 18, 2000.
Philippe Durel, a French cyclist born on August 13, 1954, in Granville, Manche, is a male athlete in cycle sport.
The Hot Box is a 1972 exploitation film directed and written by Joe Viola, starring Carmen Argenziano.
Moirangthem Nara, a male politician born on May 27, 1949, is a citizen of India and a member of the Communist Party of India.
Meet the Browns is a romance film distributed by Lionsgate and produced by Tyler Perry Studios, starring Angela Bassett and Tyler Perry, and originally filmed in the English language.
Miho Yamada, born on June 21, 1973, in Tokyo, Japan, is a rhythmic gymnast and sports commentator. She is female and holds Japanese citizenship.
Shawn Christopher is a female singer from the United States who performs in the house music genre and is an instance of a human.
Mike England, a male born on December 2, 1941, in Holywell, Flintshire, and a citizen of the United Kingdom, was both a football player and a manager in association football.
John Franco, a relief pitcher from the United States, played for the New York Mets and later the Cincinnati Reds.
Andrzej Busza, a Polish male poet and literary critic born on November 17, 1938, was educated at University College London.
Sean Reilly, a male businessperson and politician born on June 1, 1961, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, holds citizenship in the United States.
Werewolf, a drama film directed and written by Ashley McKenzie, was released on September 9, 2016, with Andrew Gillis in the cast.
Beverly Naidus, a female artist born in 1953, was educated at Carleton College and NSCAD University, and currently works as an employer at the University of Washington.
A Fresh Air Romance is a drama short film directed by Harold M. Shaw, produced in the United States and distributed by Edison Studios. It was released on January 1, 1912.
Marco Baldan, born on November 13, 1993, in Cittadella, is a defender for A.C. Perugia Calcio and plays association football.
Kelly Klein, a female actor and professional wrestler born on January 28, 1986, in St. Louis, United States, holds citizenship in the United States.
Secrets of the Orient, a drama directed by Alexandre Volkoff and later by Anatole Litvak, features screenwriter Norbert Falk, Nina Koshetz, and Brigitte Helm in its cast.
Donna M. Loring, a female politician born on October 1, 1948, on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation in the United States, is a graduate of the University of Maine.
Kong Karls Land is an island group located in Svalbard, Norway, and it was discovered or invented in 1617. It consists of islands within the administrative territory of Svalbard.
Giulia Jones held the position of Member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, representing the same electoral district with a start and end time for her tenure.
Berland Anthony, born in 1923 in India, is a football player who played as a goalkeeper for East Bengal F.C. and specializes in association football.
Flensburger Brauerei, a brewery based in Flensburg, Germany, was founded on September 6, 1888, and operates under the legal form of GmbH & Co. KG, holding the trademark for its name.
Aeogae station, an underground railway station located in Seoul, South Korea, was inaugurated in 1996 and is operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation.
Thunder Point is a novel published in 1993 by Jack Higgins, originating from the United Kingdom and categorized as a thriller.
Nikolay Kulemin, a male ice hockey player born on July 14, 1986, in Magnitogorsk, Russia, participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Olivia Fergusson, a female football player born on March 27, 1995, in Burntwood, is a member of Aston Villa F.C. and is a human.
Anthem is a science fiction novella authored by Ayn Rand, published in 1938, and originated in the United States.
Wild at Heart, authored by John Eldredge and published by Thomas Nelson in 2001, is an English-language written work originating from the United States.
Sam Jeffries, a male rugby union player born on 20 May 1992 in Brisbane, Australia, is a citizen of Australia and plays for the NEC Green Rockets.
Sanni Hakala, a female ice hockey player born on October 31, 1997, in Jyväskylä, Finland, represents her home country in the sport.
Front Office Football is a sports video game published by EA Sports in 1999 for Microsoft Windows, originating from the United States.
Shunsuke Michieda, a male actor from Japan born on July 25, 2002, in Osaka Prefecture, is an instance of a human.
J.B. Woodman, a male baseball player born on December 13, 1994, in Orlando, Florida, is a member of the Palm Beach Cardinals.
Fuchu Athletic FC is a football club and futsal team based in Japan, founded in 2000 and competing in the F. League.
The Evangelical Lyceum, a school established in 1991, is headquartered in Bratislava and designated as Cultural Heritage Monuments of Slovakia, located within the administrative territory of Bratislava, Slovakia.
Jackson Guitars, a musical instrument manufacturing company based in Scottsdale, Arizona, was founded in 1980 and is owned by Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
Moore County, Texas, which was established on January 1, 1876, is a county in Texas, United States, with its seat in Dumas. It borders Potter County, Texas.
Cadena Dial is a radio station owned by PRISA, established on September 3, 1990, with headquarters in Madrid. It operates in both Spain and Andorra.
Soul Grabber is a jazz album released in 1967 by Willis Jackson, produced by Cal Lampley, and recorded under the Prestige Records label.
IronRuby, an open-source programming language implementation developed by Microsoft, was inception in 2007 and runs on Microsoft Windows.
"The Sword and the Cross" is a drama film directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani, with Sandro Continenza as the screenwriter. The movie features Massimo Serato and Andrea Aureli in the cast.
Sid and Nancy is a biographical film distributed by Samuel Goldwyn, starring Perry Benson, David Hayman, and Andrew Schofield, with Eric Fellner as the producer.
Revy Rosalia, born on December 8, 1982, in Rotterdam, is a male football player from the Kingdom of the Netherlands who plays association football.
Ben Hellewell, a male rugby league player born on 30 January 1992 in Bradford, is a member of the Featherstone Rovers team. His family name is Hellewell.
Jessica Manley, a British female actor, was born on January 1, 1985, in England and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom.
Sean Fingleton, a male painter from the Republic of Ireland born on January 1, 1950, has the family name Fingleton.
Tom, a biographical and documentary film directed by Mike Hoolboom, was released on September 12, 2002, in Canada.
Jamie Slabber, a male football player born on December 31, 1984, in the London Borough of Enfield, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF, edited by Arthur W. Saha and published in the United States, is a book containing science fiction and short stories from 1975.
Bradley Langenhoven, a male rugby union player born on December 3, 1983, in Walvis Bay, is a citizen of Namibia.
Mike Davis, a male rugby union player born on 23 January 1942 in Lichfield, United Kingdom, was a member of the England national rugby union team.
Foolish Foolish is a J-pop single performed by Yuya Matsushita, released on November 26, 2008, under Epic Records.
The Scheme for Full Employment, a novel published by HarperCollins on March 2003, is an instance of a literary work originating from the United Kingdom and authored by Magnus Mills.
Priyankar Mukherjee, a male cricketer born on March 29, 1985, in India, is a citizen of India and plays cricket professionally.
Val Demings, born on March 12, 1957, in Jacksonville, Florida, is a United States citizen who has worked as a police officer, a social worker, and the chief of police.
Klöckner Stadium, owned by the University of Virginia and located in Virginia, United States, is operated by the Virginia Cavaliers and serves as their home venue.
The Last Emperor won Academy Awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Production Design, and was also nominated for Best Sound Mixing and Best Production Design. Additionally, it received an Academy Award for Best Film Editing and was nominated for Best Film Editing.
The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue, a sculpture created by Theodore Cotillo Barbarossa, was inaugurated on January 1, 1976, in Massachusetts, United States, to commemorate Samuel Wilson.
Casey Kotchman, a male baseball player born on February 22, 1983, in St. Petersburg, Florida, holds citizenship in the United States and plays baseball.
Sandra Jordan, a female journalist born in 1901, is a human with the given name Sandra and the family name Jordan.
Samuel Lacey, also known as Sam Lacey, is a basketball player who played center. He was a member of the Cincinnati Royals and later the Brooklyn Nets.
Mohamed Sakho, a midfielder, plays association football and is a member of both the Olympic Club de Safi and Étoile Sportive du Sahel.
Always and Ever is a rock music single from Southern Sons' 1990 album, also titled "Southern Sons," and was released by RCA Records.
Perci Garner, born on December 13, 1988, in Dover, Ohio, is both a baseball player for the Cleveland Indians and an American football player.
Terumi Asoshina, a Japanese female long-distance runner, was born on August 2, 1982, and competes in athletics.
Alice International Airport, located in Texas, United States, was inaugurated on January 2, 1943, and serves the city of Alice, Texas.
Achraf Lazaar was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, with an acquisition transaction that had both a start time and an end time.
NK Croatia Sesvete was an association football club based in Croatia, founded in 1957 with its headquarters in Zagreb, and it ceased operations in 2012.
Eric Abrams, a male American football player born in 1974 in University City, San Diego, holds citizenship in the United States.
Juliette Brindak, a female born in 1989 in New York City, attended Greenwich High School and is a human.
"The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday" is a comedy film distributed and produced by American International Pictures, starring Sylvia Miles and Robert Culp, and originally filmed in the English language.
The Blair Witch Project, a film released on January 25, 1999, passes the Bechdel Test. It features actors Joshua Leonard and Jim King (a saxophonist).
Hillhead is a metro station located underground in Glasgow, part of the Glasgow Subway system, and was opened on 14 December 1896 in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Jamie Young is a male basketball coach who played for the Boston Celtics and was educated at Blackburn College in Illinois. His family name is Young.
The Greenbelt Historic District, an architectural structure designed by Reginald Jeffrey Wadsworth in the Streamline Moderne style, includes the Old Greenbelt Theatre and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Resettlement Administration project.
"You Got the Silver" is a rock song performed by The Rolling Stones, produced by Jimmy Miller, and composed by Mick Jagger. It is part of the album "Let It Bleed."
Carl Peter Stoltenberg is a Norwegian male who holds the position of a member of the Parliament of Norway and is a member of the Independence Party. His surname is Stoltenberg.
Bearna / Na Forbacha GAA, an Irish sports club founded in 1992, is headquartered in County Galway and specializes in hurling.
Some Girls, a romantic comedy and comedy-drama distributed and produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, stars Jennifer Connelly and Patrick Dempsey.
El Porvenir Airport, located in Guna Yala, Panama, serves the area of El Porvenir, Guna Yala, and is named after the same location. It is distinct from the El Porvenir Airport in Honduras.
Gila River Arena, located in Glendale, Arizona, United States, is an arena operated by the Arizona Coyotes and also serves as their home venue.
The Rebel is a South Korean television drama and historical fiction series that premiered on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation on January 30, 2017.
Autumn Shower is a South Korean television drama series that aired on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation from September 21 to November 10, 2005.
Tsushimanomiya Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was opened on May 7, 1915, in the administrative territory of Mitoyo, Kagawa, and connects to the Yosan Line.
Christa Pike, a female born on March 10, 1976, in West Virginia, is a United States citizen with the surname Pike.
Level Headed is an album by The Sweet, released in 1978, that blends genres including art rock and glam rock, and was published under Polydor Records.
Astrid Gjertsen, a Norwegian politician born on September 14, 1928, in Horsens, holds the position of a member of the Parliament of Norway.
"I Wanna Fall in Love" is a country music single by Lila McCann, released on September 1, 1997, through Asylum Records and featured on her album "Lila."
La Gran tentación is a drama film directed by Ernesto Arancibia, which was released in 1948 and stars José Olarra and Elisa Galvé.
Matt Mead, born on March 11, 1962, in Jackson, Wyoming, is a United States citizen who has worked as a businessperson, lawyer, and politician.
Chalo is a 2018 action comedy and romantic comedy film starring Mime Gopi and Naga Shaurya.
The 2006 China Open Badminton Championships, an open championship held in China in 2006, includes the Men's doubles event.
Brian Page, a male tennis player born on May 8, 1966, in Minneapolis—Saint Paul, is known for his career in tennis.
Seiko Niizuma, a Japanese female born on October 8, 1980, in Inazawa, Aichi, is both a singer and a voice actor in Japan.
Broadcast News is a romantic comedy-drama film featuring screenwriter James L. Brooks, with cast members including Marc Shaiman, William Hurt, and Jack Nicholson.
Victoria City Hall, an architecturally designed city hall by John Teague, was inaugurated in 1890 and is located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, with a heritage designation recognized by both BC and Canada.
"The Thirteen Chairs" is a film produced by Claude Giroux, written by Nicolas Gessner, and features cast members including Mirella Pamphili, Ottavia Piccolo, and Vittorio Gassman. The original language of the film is English.
The 2011 ATP Challenger Tour Finals Singles event, held in Brazil in 2011, is a men's singles tennis competition.
Doug Geiss, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, holds the position of member of the Michigan House of Representatives and works in Lansing, Michigan. He is fluent in English.
The Book of Strange New Things, a science fiction novel published on January 1, 2014, by Michel Faber and published by Hogarth Press, originated in the United States.
Kaori Mizumori, a Japanese female singer born on August 31, 1973, in Kita, Tokyo, attended Josai Junior College.
Paul Pettinger, a male football player born on October 1, 1975, in Sheffield, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Ruskin Pottery, a pottery studio based in Smethwick, United Kingdom, was established on January 1, 1898. Its headquarters are located in Smethwick.
The Cayman Islands, discovered by Christopher Columbus on May 10, 1503, are an island group and British Overseas Territory under the administrative jurisdiction of the United Kingdom.
The Golden Palominos, an alternative rock band founded by Anton Fier in 1981 in Cleveland, is known for their notable work "This Is How It Feels."
"Good Good Night" is a hip hop song performed by Roscoe Dash and produced by Kane Beatz, released on January 1, 2011, as part of the J.U.I.C.E. EP.
Ellen McIlwaine, a singer-songwriter born on October 1, 1945, in Nashville, Tennessee, holds citizenship in the United States and identifies as female.
Bob Riedy, a male basketball player from the United States born on August 26, 1945, was a member of the Houston Mavericks.
Ashok Vajpeyi is a human translator who was educated at St. Stephen's College, Delhi and primarily works in Hindi. His notable work is "Kahin Nahin Wahin."
Kevin Leveille, a male lacrosse player born on August 18, 1981, in Delmar, New York, holds citizenship in the United States.
Jim Rygiel is a human who has received two Academy Awards for Best Visual Effects and been nominated three times for the same award.
Barry Cable, a male born on 22 September 1943 in Narrogin, Western Australia, is both an Australian rules football player and a coach, and he holds Australian citizenship.
Riddick Stadium, owned and operated by North Carolina State University, is located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States, and serves as a home for the university's athletic events.
Daniel Martins, a Portuguese male born on June 23, 1993, in Torres Vedras, is a football player and citizen of Portugal who plays association football.
Jeremy Lewis, born on February 1, 1990, in West Palm Beach, Florida, is both a Canadian and American football player who has played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Sara Lawrence-Lightfoot, a female sociologist born on August 22, 1944, in the United States, was educated at Harvard Graduate School of Education and works at Harvard University.
Hotaru no Nikki is an action-adventure video game published on June 19, 2014, by Nippon Ichi Software for the PlayStation Vita, originating from Japan.
Danny Lippens, a male sport cyclist born on September 18, 1961, in Eeklo, Belgium, holds Belgian citizenship.
Amit Rawal, a male judge born on September 21, 1963, in Chandigarh, India, is a citizen of India and was educated at Panjab University.
NEC Corporation of America, a business headquartered in Irving, Texas, United States, was founded in 2006 and is a subsidiary of NEC.
Reborn is a hard rock album by Trapt, released in 2013 under EMI Records in the United States.
Aviva Stadium, a soccer-specific stadium located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, is owned by the Irish Rugby Football Union and is used for association football, including matches involving the Republic of Ireland national football team.
Live for Loving You is a pop music single by Gloria Estefan, released on September 1, 1991, through Epic Records, and is part of the Into the Light album.
Jeff Dean, a male citizen of the United States and musician, received the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award. His full name is Jeff Dean.
Sunset Boulevard, an American film produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures, features narrative locations in Los Angeles and cast members including Al Ferguson and Fred Clark.
Luciana Morales Mendoza, a Peruvian female chess player born on January 1, 1987, in Lima, competes in chess.
Peter Macdissi is a male actor who resides in Los Angeles and began his work period in 1993. He is a human.
Sports Direct, a brick-and-mortar business founded in 1982, is headquartered in Shirebrook, United Kingdom, and is owned by businessman Mike Ashley.
Cal Henderson, a male human born on January 17, 1981, is both an engineer and a blogger. He was educated at Sharnbrook Academy.
Susana Mora, a female football player born on January 26, 1979, in Mexico, holds Mexican citizenship and plays association football.
Heaven Knows is a pop music single by Rick Price, released on July 1, 1992, under Columbia Records. It is part of the Heaven Knows album.
John F. Kelly, a male politician born on September 6, 1949, in Detroit, was educated at Wayne State University and passed away on September 16, 2018.
The Byurakan Observatory, an astronomical observatory established in 1946, is part of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences and located in the Byurakan town of Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
Mushi Production, founded by Osamu Tezuka in 1961, is a Japanese animation studio headquartered in Japan and a key player in the anime industry.
Robin Room, a male sociologist born on December 28, 1939, in Australia, holds Australian citizenship and was educated at Princeton University.
The Louis Delhaize Group, a public retail enterprise founded on January 1, 1875, has its headquarters in Charleroi.
Cho Kwang-rae, a male born on March 19, 1954, in Jinju, South Korea, was a football player and later became a manager in association football.
Mikhail Panin, born on January 15, 1961, in Oskemen, is an ice hockey player who played for Krylya Sovetov Moscow and SKA Saint Petersburg.
Karl Fairbank, a male rugby league player from the United Kingdom born on June 1, 1963, was a member of the Bradford Bulls.
Nea Salamis Famagusta VC has participated in and won several competitions, including the 1998-1999, 2000-01, and 2012-13 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1, as well as the 2000-01 Cypriot Men's Volleyball Cup. They have also competed in the 1988-1989 and 1994-1995 Cyprus Volleyball Division 1.
Symbol Technologies, a business founded by Jerome Swartz in 1975 and headquartered in Holtsville, New York, operated until it was dissolved in 2007, though it is registered in the Netherlands.
"The Rear Gunner," a drama film directed by Ray Enright and distributed by Warner Bros., was released on April 10, 1943, in the United States.
The 1989 Toray Pan Pacific Open women's doubles tennis event took place in 1989 and was organized by the Women's Tennis Association.
Crazy Women is a country music single performed by LeAnn Rimes, released under Curb Records on December 10, 2010, as part of the album Lady & Gentlemen.
Lionel Isherwood, a citizen of the United Kingdom, plays cricket and has been a member of both Hampshire and Sussex County Cricket Clubs.
Shafi Parambil, a male politician born on February 12, 1983, holds citizenship in India and is a member of the Indian National Congress. He serves as a Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation, a business established on January 1, 1958, is headquartered in Xi'an and is owned by China Aviation Industry Corporation I, which is based in China.
Petr Mocek, a male ice hockey player born on December 8, 1980, in Czechoslovakia and a citizen of the Czech Republic, played ice hockey professionally.
Ashley Allanson, a male football player born on November 13, 1986, in Kingston upon Hull, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Don L. Anderson, who studied seismology under Frank Press at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, received both a Guggenheim Fellowship and the James B. Macelwane Medal, and mentored Thomas H. Jordan.
Rosa Kellner, a German female athlete, participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
The Burundi women's national football team, an instance of a women's national association football team, is owned by the Football Federation of Burundi and competes in women's association football for the country of Burundi.
Turtle Soup is a folk rock album by The Turtles, produced by Ray Davies, released on October 1, 1969, under White Whale Records.
Pablo Puente, a male Catholic priest born on June 16, 1931, in Colindres, Spain, was educated at the Comillas Pontifical University.
Jacqueline Soames, a British female figure skater born on September 30, 1968, in Nuneaton, participated in pair skating at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
Vendela, a novel published in 1989 by Kaari Utrio and published by Tammi, is an instance of Finnish literature.
Jalopy is a film directed by William Beaudine and released on January 1, 1953, with a cast including Leo Gorcey, composed by Marlin Skiles, and written by Tim Ryan.
We of the Never Never, authored by Jeannie Gunn and published in 1908, is an Australian novel set at Elsey Station.
Matt McKnight, a male ice hockey player born on June 14, 1984, in Halkirk, Alberta, holds Canadian citizenship.
Yaw Arnol, a male football player born on December 3, 1997, in Ho, Ghana, holds Ghanaian citizenship and plays association football.
The Terrazza Martini Tower, an Italian skyscraper designed by Marcello Piacentini, was both conceived and officially opened in 1940 in Genoa, Italy.
Sara Martínez Puntero, a female athlete from Madrid, Spain, was born on February 26, 1990, and competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Telia Company, a business and enterprise based in Sweden with its headquarters in Stockholm, was founded on January 1, 2003, and is owned by the Government of Sweden.
"4th Time Around" is a folk rock song from Bob Dylan's album "Blonde on Blonde," produced by Bob Johnston and released by Columbia Records.
The Gunfighter is a Western film with screenwriters Roger Corman and William Bowers, starring Kenneth Tobey, Hank Patterson, and Pierce Lyden.
Victor Rodrigues da Silva, a male football player born on February 10, 1976, in Brazil, holds citizenship in both Brazil and South Korea.
Caldecott MRT station, an underground metro station in Singapore, was opened on October 8, 2011, as part of the Mass Rapid Transit system.
Tom MacLeod is a human who played as a linebacker for the Baltimore Colts from 1947 to 1950 and later joined the Green Bay Packers.
VV DESK is an association football club based in Waalwijk, Netherlands, founded on May 29, 1930.
Wings Upon Your Horns is a country music album by Loretta Lynn, released on January 5, 1970, under Decca Records with Owen Bradley as the producer.
Zhishan metro station is an elevated station on the Taipei Metro system, located in Taipei, Taiwan, and it was inaugurated in 1997.
Merze Tate, an individual educated at both Western Michigan University and Harvard University, worked at Howard University and was inducted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame.
Tandia is an English-language novel published on May 1, 1991, by Bryce Courtenay, originating from Australia and classified as a literary work.
Charisse Mills, a female opera singer born on January 12, 1988, in Trinidad and Tobago, holds citizenship there.
Apolline Traoré, a female filmmaker from Burkina Faso born in 1976 in Ouagadougou, was educated at Emerson College.
David Renneberg, a male cricketer born on September 23, 1942, from Australia, was a member of the Australia national cricket team.
Never Mind the Quality Feel the Width is a comedy film produced by EMI Films and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Originating from the United Kingdom, it was filmed in London at Pinewood Studios.
Kentucky Route 34 is a road maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, located in Kentucky, United States, as part of the numbered highways system in the state.
A Knight of the Word is a speculative fiction novel published by Del Rey Books in the United States in 1998.
Taiz University, founded in 1996, is a university located in Taiz, Yemen, with its headquarters in Taiz.
Edmund Yeo, a film director born on March 6, 1984, in Singapore and a citizen of Malaysia, identifies as male.
Bulkemsmolen is a gristmill and watermill located in Simpelveld, Netherlands, built in 1774.
Brunswick Corporation, a U.S.-based conglomerate founded by J.M. Brunswick on September 15, 1845, is headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois, and operates as a joint-stock company.
Burning Love is a comedy film directed by Alberto Caviglia and produced by Luigi Musini, released in 2015, with Italian as its original language.
Robin Raphel, a female diplomat born in 1947 in Vancouver, Washington, was educated at the University of Washington and worked there as an employer.
The Audio Playground is a Canadian band formed in Edmonton in 2009, known for dance music and signed with Sony Music. They are an instance of a rock and pop band.
Els Dottermans, a Belgian performing artist and singer born on May 16, 1964, in Leuven, is also a film actor.
Eaton Square Mayfair is an independent private school located in London, specifically in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, founded in 2017.
Stranger on the Third Floor, produced and distributed by RKO Pictures, is an American film starring Dell Henderson and Charles Halton, and was directed by Nicholas Musuraca.
"Too Cold" is a hip hop single by Roots Manuva, released on Big Dada on March 21, 2005.
"Overland with Kit Carson," produced by Jack Fier and written by Joseph F. Poland, is an English-language film starring Iris Meredith and Richard Fiske, originating from the United States.
JJ Lin, born on March 27, 1981, in Singapore, is a singer, singer-songwriter, and actor, and holds Singaporean citizenship.
Mohamed Shawky is a human who plays association football as a midfielder. He has played for Smouha SC and Al Mokawloon Al Arab SC, and competes in the Premier League.
Grayson McCouch, born on October 29, 1968, in New York City, is a United States citizen and an actor with careers in both stage and television.
Jason Palmada, a male rugby league player born on 25 February 1969 in New Zealand, is a citizen of New Zealand and a member of the Workington Town sports team.
The Bellboy is a comedy film produced and starring Jerry Lewis, with Maxie Rosenbloom and Jack Weston also in the cast.
Francis Clarke is a human who holds the position of Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and speaks English. His family name is Clarke.
Gianluca Alfenoni, a male football player born on January 20, 1996, in Zárate, Buenos Aires, plays as a midfielder for Defensores Unidos.
Ulrike Malmendier, a German economist and university teacher born on August 1, 1973, was educated at the University of Bonn and identifies as female.
Turquoise Hill Resources, a mining business founded by Robert Friedland in 1994, has its headquarters in Vancouver and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Wil Myers, a first baseman from the United States, plays for the Tampa Bay Rays and previously played for the San Diego Padres. His family name is Myers.
Steve Skroce, a male comics artist and cartoonist born in 1901 in Canada, is known for his work in the field of comics.
Mehmet Topuz, a male football player born on September 7, 1983, in Yozgat, Turkey, plays association football.
Roy Long was an Australian rules football player born on September 4, 1914, who played for the Hawthorn Football Club and passed away on April 4, 1985.
U.S. Route 91 is a road located in both Utah and Idaho, owned by the Idaho Transportation Department. It was established in 1926.
Andy Whiteford, a male born on 22 August 1977 in Scotland and a citizen of the United Kingdom, was a football player and later became a manager in association football.
The Nosebleeds, a punk rock band formed in Manchester, UK, was active from 1976 and includes Vini Reilly as a member.
Masayoshi Takemura, a member of both the Liberal Democratic Party and the Democratic Party of Japan, served as Minister of Finance and is also an employer at Tokushima Bunri University.
Gentlemen Among Themselves is a German film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and written by Franz Rauch, starring Hermann Picha. It was released on October 1, 1929.
Jumbunna railway station, an abandoned train station in Victoria, Australia, was officially opened in 1894 and connected to the Outtrim railway line.
Lewis Neal, a male football player born on July 14, 1981, in Leicester, United Kingdom, competes in association football.
Daniel Henshall, an Australian actor born on August 9, 1982, in Sydney, works as both a film and television actor.
The Veterans Memorial Bridge, located in Massachusetts and spanning the Taunton River, is a bascule bridge that was officially opened on October 11, 2011, and maintained by the Massachusetts Highway Department. This bridge is situated in the United States.
Expelled from Paradise is a science fiction and post-apocalyptic film directed by Seiji Mizushima, with screenwriter Gen Urobuchi. The film features cast members Hiroshi Kamiya and Hisao Egawa.
Inverleith House, an architectural structure designed by David Henderson, is located in Inverleith, within the City of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom.
Sofia Ashraf, a female singer born in 1987 in Chennai, was educated at the University of Madras and uses her voice as her instrument.
Wayne Wood, born on June 5, 1951, in Toronto, Canada, is a male ice hockey player.
The Anderson Memorial Bridge, an arch bridge located in Massachusetts, United States, was built in 1915 and spans the Charles River.
Kosali Simon, a female economist from the United States, is employed at Indiana University and earned her doctorate under the guidance of William N. Evans from Hamilton College.
Nikolaos Zafeiropoulos, a male football player born on January 8, 1974, in Greece, is a citizen of Greece and plays association football.
Hornet Flight is a thriller novel authored by Ken Follett, published in 2002, and originates from Wales.
Later That Evening is a jazz album released in 1982 by ECM Records, produced by Manfred Eicher and performed by Eberhard Weber.
Jens Semjan, a German male artist born on February 13, 1979, in Ulm.
Oakgrove School, an academy located in Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, was established on February 1, 2011, within the Borough of Milton Keynes.
Dark Quetzal, a speculative fiction novel published by Scholastic Corporation on March 1, 2003, is an instance of a literary work originating from the United Kingdom and authored by Katherine Roberts.
Gilbert Lao, a male basketball player born on September 13, 1978, in Manila, Philippines, is a citizen of the Philippines.
Carlos Duarte, born on March 25, 1933, in Huambo, is a Portuguese male football player who plays association football.
Miyakojima Station, an underground metro station in Japan, was opened on May 29, 1974, in the Miyakojima-ku district of Osaka.
Soraya Saga, a Japanese female illustrator and painter, was born on January 1, 1969, in Japan.
StopBadware, an organization founded by John Palfrey in 2006, is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and focuses on computing.
22 Female Kottayam, a film directed by Aashiq Abu and featuring Rima Kallingal and Fahadh Faasil, was composed by Bijibal and released on April 13, 2012.
Patricia Dowling, born on December 10, 1957, in Lawrence, Massachusetts, is a United States citizen who has worked as a lawyer, politician, and judge.
Nadia Sharmeen, a female journalist from Bangladesh born in 1950, received the International Women of Courage Award.
Shizue Miyabe, a Japanese swimmer born on August 3, 1938, in Nara, participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics. She was female and held Japanese citizenship.
Joe Womack, born on December 10, 1936, in Fort Worth, Texas, was an American football player who played as a halfback for the Cal State Los Angeles Golden Eagles.
Hop, Look and Listen is an English-language animated short film directed by Robert McKimson and produced by Edward Selzer, with Carl W. Stalling as the composer. It was released in 1948.
The Critical Legal Studies Movement, authored by Roberto Mangabeira Unger and published in 1983, is a book originally from the United States, written in English and categorized under the genre of Law.
Irving Kirsch, a male researcher born on March 7, 1943, in New York City and a citizen of the United States, was educated at the University of Southern California.
Saravanan, a male actor from Tamil Nadu, India, was born on October 10, 1966, and is an instance of a human.
Matteo Fabbro, a male cyclist born on April 10, 1995, in Udine, Italy, holds Italian citizenship.
Mozilla, a nonprofit organization founded by Netscape on February 28, 1998, operates in the open-source software industry with its headquarters in San Francisco. Mitchell Baker serves as the chief executive officer.
The Edge of Evolution, authored by Michael Behe and published by Free Press on June 5, 2007, is a written work originating from the United States.
Kiana Weber, a female violinist born in Chelsea, Michigan, was educated at the University of Michigan and plays the violin.
"Tore Down a la Rimbaud" is a Celtic music single by Van Morrison, released on Mercury Records in 1985 and featured in the album "A Sense of Wonder."
Secret Fortune is a game show from the United Kingdom, originally aired on BBC One. Created by Matthew Worthy, it is produced in the English language.
Witchcraft, a swing music song performed by Frank Sinatra and produced by Dave Cavanaugh, was released under Capitol Records in 1957.
The Fighting Skipper is a silent serial film distributed by Arrow Film Corporation, released on January 1, 1923, starring Jack Perrin and directed by Francis Ford.
John Wozniak, born on January 19, 1971, in Minneapolis, United States, is a singer-songwriter.
Time Lines is a jazz album by Andrew Hill, released under Blue Note Records in 2006, following The Day the World Stood Still.
Tanya Sharma, a female Indian actor, was born on September 27, 1995, and works as a television actor.
"Queen of Chinatown" is a single and song from the album "I Am a Photograph," performed by Amanda Lear, released in 1977, and categorized under the Euro disco genre.
Cineriz, a business founded by Angelo Rizzoli in 1956 and headquartered in Rome, Italy, operated until it was dissolved in 1993.
The 2010 Billie Jean King Cup, an edition of the BNP Paribas Showdown tennis tournament, took place in Manhattan, United States, in 2010.
Taijo Teniste, a male football player born on January 31, 1988, in Tartu, Estonia, holds Estonian citizenship and plays association football.
And the Big Men Fly is a sport-themed written work published in 1963 by Heinemann, authored by Alan Hopgood and originating from Australia.
Gertrude Mwangala, a female academic born in 1954 and a citizen of Zambia, resides in Livingstone and was educated at the University of Zambia.
Ted Jennings is a human who played defensive end for the UConn Huskies football team and was educated at Chaminade Julienne High School. His family name is Jennings.
Pablo Torrealba, a male baseball player born on April 28, 1948, in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, is a citizen of Venezuela.
Chintayami Manasa, a book authored by Suresh Joshi and published in 1983, received the Sahitya Akademi Award and focuses on literary criticism.
DreamForge Intertainment, a video game developer based in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, United States, was founded in 1990 and operated until 2000 in the video game industry.
Apache Tuscany is a free software project developed by The Apache Software Foundation and licensed under the Apache License. It supports both C++ and Java programming languages.
Petr Korda, a Czech tennis player, resides in Monte Carlo and is known for a doping incident in his career.
Towson University, an public educational institution in the United States, was founded in 1866 and is part of the University System of Maryland, located in Baltimore County, Maryland.
The Duri-Tangerang railway, owned by the Indonesian Railway Company and operated by KRL Commuterline, is a railway line located in Jakarta, Indonesia, and was officially opened in 1899.
The South Dakota Cultural Heritage Center, located in Pierre, South Dakota, is a heritage center operated by the South Dakota State Historical Society and was established in 1989. It is distinct from the Museum of the South Dakota State Historical Society.
Space Rangers 2: Dominators is an interactive fiction video game published by 1C Company and developed by Elemental Games on Microsoft Windows, released on June 17, 2005.
Natsagiin Bagabandi is a human who has held the position of President of Mongolia and General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party. He is a member of the Mongolian People's Party and has received awards including the Order of Friendship and the Order of Sukhbaatar.
Olga Smorodskaya, a female banker born on November 7, 1956, in Gomel, Russia, holds a degree from Plekhanov Russian University of Economics and is a citizen of Russia.
The 1979 Canadian Grand Prix, an auto racing event, took place on September 30, 1979, at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Canada as part of the 1979 Formula One season.
Damon Williams, a male born on December 12, 1973, in Washington, D.C., and a citizen of the United States, has worked as both a basketball player and a coach.
Comparing Media Systems is a book published in 2004 by Cambridge University Press, authored by Paolo Mancini and Daniel C. Hallin, and originating from the United States.
Lowell Technological Institute, a college in the United States, was founded in 1895 and located in Massachusetts, but was dissolved in 1975, being replaced by the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
The Wandering Islands is a poetry book authored by A.D. Hope, published in 1955, originating from Australia.
Laughing in the Sunshine is a romance film composed by Jules Sylvain, directed by Daniel Birt, and starring Jane Hylton. It was released in 1956.
Missouri Route 465 is a road owned and maintained by the Missouri Department of Transportation, located in Missouri, United States, and was established in 2003.
Vemma, an energy drink-focused multi-level marketing company and pyramid scheme headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, was founded on January 1, 2004.
Richard Cramb, a male rugby union player born on September 7, 1963, in Falkirk, United Kingdom, is a citizen of the UK and a former member of the Newcastle Falcons.
Arthit Tanusorn, a male football player born on February 16, 1975, in Saraburi, Thailand, represents his country in association football.
Crowes railway station, an abandoned train station in Victoria, Australia, was opened in 1910.
Glen Tomlinson, a male rugby league player born on 18 March 1970 in Australia, is a citizen of Australia and plays for Wakefield Trinity.
Marvin Filipo, a male rugby league player born on 20 March 1987 in Auckland, New Zealand, holds New Zealand citizenship.
Roy Andrew Miller, a male, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was educated at Columbia University. He worked at the University of Washington and his surname is Miller.
Susan Gunn, a female painter born in 1965 in Greater Manchester, was educated at Norwich University of the Arts and is a human.
Green River is a song produced and composed by John Fogerty, with lyrics also written by him, released under Beach Street Records in the United States. It follows the track "Bad Moon Rising."
Detective Comics is an English-language comic book published in the United States by DC Comics, authored by Bill Finger, and first released in 1937.
Villarreal CF B is an association football club based in Spain, founded in 1999, and plays in the Segunda División B. Its headquarters are located in Villarreal.
Marian Dora, born on January 1, 2000, in Southern Germany, is a German citizen and holds multiple occupations including director, film producer, and screenwriter.
Victoria Day is a film directed by and written by David Bezmozgis, with Mark Rendall in the cast, and it was released in 2009. The film's composer is Lesley Barber.
You Meihong, a female swimmer from China born on January 31, 1993, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Vishwaroopam, a spy film directed and written by Kamal Haasan, stars Kamal Haasan and Shekhar Kapur, with Prasad V. Potluri as the producer.
"The Tale of Pigling Bland," authored by Beatrix Potter and published in 1913 by Frederick Warne & Co, is a written work in the genre of children's literature originating from England.
An Old-Fashioned Girl is a novel published in 1869 by Louisa May Alcott, published by Roberts Brothers. Originating from the United States, it is an instance of a written work.
Clay, an Australian drama film directed by Giorgio Mangiamele, was first published on January 1, 1965, and later re-released on January 1, 1966.
Gallows Thief is a novel by Bernard Cornwell, published on October 1, 2001, in the United Kingdom. Set in London, it is an instance of a literary work.
Michele Romanow, a businessperson born on June 12, 1985, in Calgary, Canada, holds Canadian citizenship and was educated at Queen's University.
Star Spangled Rhythm, a musical film distributed and produced by Paramount Pictures, was directed by George Marshall and stars Albert Dekker and Bob Hope.
A Ciambra, an Italian film set in Ciambra and Gioia Tauro, has a kijkwijzer rating of 12 and was directed by Tim Curtin.
The Complex Rock Tour Live is an experimental rock live album by the Blue Man Group, released in 2003. It follows The Complex album and was succeeded by Live at The Venetian — Las Vegas.
Kevin Nicholson, born on October 2, 1980, in Derby, is a male football player and manager from the United Kingdom.
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink, located in Brașov, Romania, opened on January 2010 and is owned by the city. It serves as a sports venue and is home to CSM Corona Brașov's ice hockey team.
Park Bit-na, a female figure skater from South Korea, was born on June 16, 1985, and participated in figure skating at the 2002 Winter Olympics in the ladies' event.
Julien Dacosta, born on May 29, 1996, in Marseille, is a football player who plays as a defender for Chamois Niortais F.C. and specializes in association football.
Monica Elfvin, a female artistic gymnast, was born on November 22, 1938, in Gothenburg and competed in artistic gymnastics.
Nicoleta Manu, a female volleyball player born on December 3, 1980, in Piatra Neamț, Romania, holds Romanian citizenship.
Mr. Bean's Holiday is part of the Mr. Bean series and follows the film Bean. It features cast members Julien Cottereau and Arsène Mosca, was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions, and was filmed in Cannes.
Maine State Route 145 is a road owned and maintained by the Maine Department of Transportation, located in Maine, United States, and was established in 1925.
Emanuel Olivera, a male football player born on April 2, 1990, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina and plays association football.
The Rain People is a drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola, released on January 1, 1969, starring Alan Manson and Shirley Knight.
Zack Weiss, a male baseball player born on June 16, 1992, in Irvine, California, holds citizenship in the United States.
"The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat" is a novel published in 1944 by Enid Blyton, originally from the United Kingdom and published by Methuen Publishing.
Vadym Sapay, a male football player born on February 7, 1986, in Yuzhnoukrainsk, Ukraine, is a citizen of Ukraine and plays association football.
The ABC of Castro Alves is a novel and biography published in 1941 by Jorge Amado, originating from Brazil.
Rania Elwani, a female politician and sports administrator born on October 14, 1977, in Cairo, holds Egyptian citizenship.
Lamonte Hunley, born on January 31, 1963, is a male American football player who played as a linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts.
The 5th Quarter, an English-language film from the United States, is set and filmed in North Carolina, featuring characters like Jon Abbate and cast member Andie MacDowell.
JAL Express, an airline based in Tokyo, Japan, operated from 1997 to September 30, 2014, with its hub at Haneda Airport.
The Wonderful Day (1932 film), produced and distributed by Pathé, is an French-language film from France starring Jean Aquistapace and André Alerme.
Manu Busto, a male football player born on October 7, 1980, in Santander, Spain, is a citizen of Spain and plays association football.
Marbo Product is a business and enterprise headquartered in Belgrade, Serbia, owned by PepsiCo, and was established on April 16, 1995.
Konkan Railway Corporation, an Indian Railways zone and a business entity, was established on July 19, 1990, with its headquarters in Navi Mumbai. It operates in the rail transport industry under the parent organization Indian Railways.
Robert Barney Dallenbach, a male born on August 6, 1927, was the General Superintendent of Pillar of Fire International and educated at Alma White College.
Adam Arthur is a human who plays as a midfielder for the West Virginia Alliance FC. His full name is Adam Arthur.
Hughie McIlmoyle, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born on January 29, 1940, in Port Glasgow. He played association football.
"I'm Gonna Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home" is a country music single by David Frizzell, released on Warner Bros. Records on April 1, 1982, in the United States.
Ed Ronan, a male ice hockey player born on March 21, 1968, in Quincy, Massachusetts, holds citizenship in the United States.
The Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot, an architecturally significant train station designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood, was established in 1991 and is located in Greeley, Colorado, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Macaulay Culkin, born on August 26, 1980, in Manhattan, is a film actor, stage actor, and musician, and holds citizenship in the United States.
Beatrice Helg, a female photographer born on March 8, 1956, in Geneva, Switzerland, is a citizen of Switzerland and was educated at California College of the Arts.
The Studienstiftung, a voluntary registered association founded in 1925, is headquartered in Bonn, Germany, and operates within the administrative territory of Bonn.
Victor Oreskovich, a male ice hockey player born on August 15, 1986, in Whitby, Ontario, holds Canadian citizenship.
Ash Road is a children's literature book published in 1965 by Angus & Robertson, authored by Ivan Southall, and originating from Australia.
The Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, a shipbuilding company based in San Francisco and owned by Bethlehem Steel, was founded in 1905 and operated until 1997.
Penzance railway station, located in Penzance, United Kingdom, and operated by Great Western Railway, opened officially in 1852 and is named after the town it serves.
The Oceania Football Confederation, an international sport governing body for association football, was established on November 15, 1966, in New Zealand, with its headquarters in Auckland, operating across Oceania.
Sam Golzari, born on July 12, 1979, in Hammersmith, is a British actor with a career in both film and television.
The Warsaw Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Indiana, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places and featuring Renaissance Revival architecture.
Rafael Argullol is a human who writes novels and essays and has received the City of Barcelona Award. He was educated at the Free University of Berlin and speaks, writes, and signs in Catalan.
Carry On Jatta is a romantic comedy drama film distributed by White Hill Studios, starring Gurpreet Ghuggi, Binnu Dhillon, and Rana Ranbir.
Nariyuki Masuda, a male sport cyclist born on October 23, 1983, in Sendai, Japan, holds Japanese citizenship.
Frantic, an English-language film, was written by Gérard Brach and produced by Thom Mount. It features cast members including Marcel Bluwal, Gérard Klein, and Harrison Ford.
Marc Gual, a Spanish male football player born on March 13, 1996, in Badalona, plays association football.
Fight Night is a sports video game series developed and published by Electronic Arts, available on platforms including PlayStation Portable and Xbox.
Marley Shelton is a female human who was educated at the University of California, Los Angeles, and her family name is Shelton. She is categorized under Category:Marley Shelton.
Tandy Corporation, an American trading company and video game publisher founded on January 1, 1919, has its headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas.
The Jelly Roll Joys is an avant-garde jazz album released in 1991 by Dave Burrell, recorded under the Gazell record label.
Xue Ming, a female volleyball player born on February 23, 1987, in Beijing, China.
KK Partizan is a basketball team based in Serbia, founded in 1945, and part of JSD Partizan. They compete in the Basketball League of Serbia.
Allan Lewis, born on May 31, 1971, in Pontypridd, is a football player who plays as a defender for Cardiff City F.C. and specializes in association football.
The Printer's Devil is a comedy-drama film directed by William Beaudine, released on August 21, 1923, with cast members including Wesley Barry and Harry Myers.
Thisai Maariya Paravaigal is a 1979 drama film produced by P.S. Veerappa, composed by M.S. Viswanathan, and starring Sarath Babu.
Lucas Lezcano, born on July 9, 1999, in Villa Ballester, is a forward for Chacarita Juniors and an association football player.
Snakeoil is a jazz album released on January 27, 2012, by Tim Berne, produced by Manfred Eicher, and recorded under the label ECM Records.
Weingart Stadium, located in California, United States, is an stadium that opened in 1951 and is occupied by East Los Angeles College for field hockey games.
Anne Smith, a female football player from New Zealand, was born on September 27, 1951, and plays association football.
Mission Man Band is a reality television series from the United States, featuring cast members Rich Cronin, Jeff Timmons, and Chris Kirkpatrick.
Bachelor's Paradise (1928 film) is a silent film directed by George Archainbaud, edited by Robert J. Kern, and produced in the United States in 1928.
The 2018 Taiwan Open, a WTA International tennis tournament held in Taipei, Taiwan, took place in 2018.
San Domenico in Perugia, Italy, is a minor basilica with Gothic architecture, designed by Carlo Maderno and founded on January 17, 1401. It is located in the administrative territory of Perugia.
Jamie Croft, born on August 4, 1981, in Sydney, Australia, is an actor who works in both film and television.
Sunrise Earth is a nature documentary film from the United States, created by David G. Conover, which began airing in 2004.
Fluid Rustle is an album by Eberhard Weber, produced by Manfred Eicher, released under ECM Records in 1979, following the album Silent Feet.
Isidro Sánchez Macip, a male football player born on June 5, 1987, in Puebla, Mexico, plays association football.
The Central Park Five is a documentary film produced by PBS and distributed by IFC Films, originally produced in the English language and originating from the United States.
Laura Benz, a Swiss female ice hockey player born on August 25, 1992, in Kloten, participated in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Film Noir is an album by Carly Simon, released on September 16, 1997, under Arista Records, produced by Arif Mardin, following her album Clouds in My Coffee.
Otherworld Barbara, a science fiction comics josei manga authored by Moto Hagio, was published in the Flowers magazine from July 27, 2002, to June 28, 2005.
Shula Marks, a female historian born on October 14, 1938, in Cape Town, South Africa, was educated at the University of Cape Town.
AFL Premiership 2005 is a sports video game published by Sony Interactive Entertainment on September 22, 2005, developed by Transmission Games for the PlayStation 2.
Mirka Francia, a female volleyball player born on February 14, 1975, in Santa Clara, Cuba, holds Cuban citizenship.
"The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea" is a novel published on September 10, 1963, by Yukio Mishima, and published by Kodansha.
Francesco Cosenza, a male Italian football player born on February 5, 1986, in Locri, plays association football.
Kim Hyok-bong, a male table tennis player born on October 28, 1985, in Pyongyang, North Korea, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Valeri Nenenko, a male born on March 30, 1950, in Voronezh, was a football player and manager for the Soviet Union.
A Return to Love, a self-help book published in 1992 by Marianne Williamson and published by HarperCollins in the United States, is an instance of a written work.
Rosa-Maria Ryyti, a female model and beauty pageant contestant born on June 13, 1994, in Oulu, Finland.
Shimoga Subbanna, a male singer born on December 14, 1938, in the Kingdom of Mysore during the British Raj, holds citizenship of India.
Kedleston Hall, an English country house and historic house museum, is located in Kedleston, United Kingdom, and is owned by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty.
Tom Karabachian, born on January 11, 1997, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is an actor with experience in both film and television.
Pansa Hemviboon, a male football player born on July 8, 1990, in Chanthaburi Province, Thailand, is a citizen of Thailand and plays association football.
Barbara Jordan Career Center is a special high school located in Texas, part of the Houston Independent School District, named after Barbara Jordan, a notable American politician.
Rock 'n' Roll Adventures is a platform game developed by Data Design Interactive and published on September 17, 2007, in the United Kingdom for Microsoft Windows.
The City Outside the World, a science fantasy book published on January 1, 1977, by Berkley Books, was authored by Lin Carter and originated in the United States.
Kerry Burke, a member of the New Zealand Labour Party, held the positions of Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives and representative for the West Coast electorate. She attended Linwood College.
Allstar Weekend, an American rock and pop band formed in San Diego, began in 2007 and records with Hollywood Records, primarily known for pop music.
Leni Robredo, a female lawyer and politician born on April 23, 1964, in Naga, Camarines Sur, holds citizenship in the Philippines.
Brooke Chaplen, a female football player born on April 16, 1989, in Portsmouth, United Kingdom, plays association football.
Palmer Home for Children, a nonprofit organization founded on January 1, 1895, is headquartered in Columbus, Mississippi, within the United States.
The Buddy System is a romantic comedy and comedy-drama distributed by 20th Century Fox, starring Susan Sarandon, Jean Stapleton, and Wil Wheaton.
Metamorphabet is a puzzle/jigsaw video game released on April 29, 2015, in the United States for iOS, and distributed through the Humble Store.
Catharina Neelissen, a female rower born on November 4, 1961, in Haarlem, Netherlands, participated in the Women's eight rowing event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She holds Dutch citizenship.
Cinmeon Bowers, a male basketball player born on May 1, 1993, in Racine, Wisconsin, plays for the Auburn Tigers.
Tales of the Bounty Hunters is a science fiction book authored by Kevin J. Anderson, published on December 3, 1996, by Bantam Spectra in the United States.
Lin Chien-hsun, born on January 10, 1993, in Taiwan, is a football player who plays as a midfielder for Taiwan Power Company F.C.
Cui Jian, born on August 2, 1961, in Beijing, is a Chinese singer, songwriter, and film director.
Federico Ricci, a male football player born on May 27, 1994, in Rome, Italy, holds Italian citizenship and plays association football.
The Golden Hour is a novel authored by Maiya Williams, published in 2004. It is an English-language work originating from the United States.
Joel Zayas, a male born on September 17, 1977, in Asunción, Paraguay, is both a former football player and a manager in association football. He holds Paraguayan citizenship.
A Place in Time is a documentary film directed by Angelina Jolie, composed by Wyclef Jean, and was released in the United States in 2007.
Tuborg Brewery, a brewing business founded in 1873, is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, and is owned by the Carlsberg Group.
The Cheap Detective, produced by Rastar and distributed by Columbia Pictures, features Stockard Channing and Paul Williams in its cast and was originally produced in the English language with Margaret Booth as a producer.
Ian Goodenough, born on July 3, 1975, in Singapore, is a politician, accountant, and real estate developer, and he holds Australian citizenship.
Al-Arafah Islami Bank Limited, a public limited company established in 1995, is headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh, and operates in the finance industry.
Cricket Wireless, a business founded in 1999 and headquartered in San Diego, is part of the mobile phone industry and is a subsidiary of AT&T, based in France.
Trafic, originally from France with Italian connections, was filmed in both Dutch and English and was directed by Bert Haanstra.
Minnesota State Highway 251 is a road owned and maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation, located in Minnesota, United States. It was established on July 1, 1949.
The Göltzsch Viaduct, designed and engineered by Johann Andreas Schubert, is a stone railway bridge located in Netzschkau and designated as a Kulturdenkmal.
Jonathan Sykes, a male football player born on March 9, 1990, in Nassau, Bahamas, holds citizenship in The Bahamas and plays association football.
Sara Louise Treacy, a female athlete from the Republic of Ireland born on June 22, 1989, competed in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Biggest Prize in Sport is a punk rock album released in 1979 by 999 (band), produced by Vic Maile, and recorded under the label Polydor Records.
Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen is a non-fiction book published in 2008 by Jaana Kapari-Jatta, originally from Finland, and published by Tammi.
Washington State Route 174 is a road located in Washington state, United States, owned and maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation since its inception in 1964.
Ajoy Biswas, a male politician from India, was born in 2000 and holds the position of Member of the Tripura Legislative Assembly. He is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).
Laura Osorio, a female model born on November 28, 1995, is a human.
Sidney Parkinson, born on May 6, 1938, in Wakefield, was a male boxer.
The Department of Social Services in Australia, which was established in 2013 under the Government of Australia, is located in Canberra and oversees various social services, including those previously managed by the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs.
Young Irelands GAA, a hurling sports club based in County Limerick, Republic of Ireland, was founded in 1898 and has its headquarters in Limerick city.
Locust is a drama film directed by Egor Baranov, released in 2013, starring Paulina Andreeva and Pyotr Fyodorov.
Graham Cave is a cave located in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States, and it is both a National Historic Landmark and an archaeological site listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mahdi Mohammadian, born on March 5, 1997, in Tabriz, is a football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Tractor S.C.
Masato Fukae, a male baseball player born on September 5, 1987, in Sagamihara, Japan, is a citizen of Japan.
Roberto Jaguaribe, a Brazilian diplomat and politician born on December 27, 1952, was educated at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro. He is male.
Reaper is a novel published in 1998 by Ben Mezrich, originally from the United States, and published by HarperCollins. It belongs to the genre of novels.
The Lincoln Saltdogs are a baseball team based in the United States, founded in 2001, that plays in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball and calls Haymarket Park their home venue.
Steven Griffiths, a male politician born on 25 May 1962 in Adelaide, Australia, holds the position of Member of the South Australian House of Assembly.
Touchstones Rochdale, a public library and museum located in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, United Kingdom, was established in 1883 and is operated by the Rochdale Borough Council.
Toru Murata, a Japanese human, played as a starting pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.
Napoleon Perdis, a male from Australia born on March 19, 1970, is both a make-up artist and a businessperson.
Ampang Park LRT station, located underground in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, was opened on June 1, 1999, and is owned by Prasarana Malaysia. It is a train station.
Eisenbahn-Romantik is a German television documentary show that premiered on SWR Fernsehen on April 7, 1991, and is presented by Hagen von Ortloff.
Tavon Young, born on March 14, 1994, in Oxon Hill, Maryland, is an American football player who played for the Temple Owls football team and is currently a member of the Baltimore Ravens.
Lynda Schlegel Culver, a female politician born in 2000 in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, holds citizenship in the United States and was educated at Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania.
Flash and Bones, a novel published in 2011 by Kathy Reichs and published by Charles Scribner's Sons, is an instance of a written work originating from the United States.
Nat Borchers is a human who plays as a defender for the Colorado Rapids U-23 and the United States men's national soccer team. He competes in Major League Soccer for the United States.
Blue Star SC is an association football club based in Sri Lanka, founded in 1978, and plays in the Sri Lanka Champions League, with their home venue being the Kalutara Stadium.
Denza is a business headquartered in Shenzhen, China, that was founded on May 1, 2010, and operates in the automotive industry, owned by BYD Auto.
Last Chance Harvey is a romantic comedy starring Patrick Baladi, Liane Balaban, and James Brolin, with the screenplay written by Joel Hopkins.
David Lander is a male actor and voice actor, married to Kathy Fields. His given name is David and his surname is Lander.
The Blue Elephant is a horror film directed by Marwan Hamed and written by Ahmed Mourad, starring Karim Abdel Aziz, released in 2014.
An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer is a satirical live album by Tom Lehrer, released in 1959 on Reprise Records, following his earlier album Songs by Tom Lehrer.
Aaron McIntosh, born on January 7, 1972, in Auckland, New Zealand, is a sailor and windsurfer from New Zealand.
Nick Pocock, a male cricketer born on December 15, 1951, in Maracaibo, holds citizenship of the United Kingdom.
Katherine L. Adams is a female who earned her law degree from the University of Chicago Law School and is employed at Columbia Law School. She is also associated with Brown University.
The UEFA Euro 1980 Final, an association football match held in Rome on July 27, 1980, featured teams from Germany and Belgium.
Walter Viitala, a male football player born on January 9, 1992, in Helsinki, Finland, participated in the 2017-18 Danish Superliga.
Yangon United F.C., an association football club based in Myanmar and founded in 2009, is headquartered in Yangon and owned by Tay Za.
Hiroshima is a docudrama film with screenwriter John Hopkins, starring James Bradford, Serge Christiaenssens, and Wesley Addy, and originally filmed in the Japanese language.
Trenna Keating, a Canadian actress born in Weyburn and educated at the University of Regina, resides in Toronto. She is female.
Xiapu railway station, located in Xiapu County, China, was inaugurated on September 28, 2009, and is operated by China Railway Nanchang Group. It is part of the Wenzhou-Fuzhou railway line.
Nice Package is a comedy film released in 2013, directed by Dan Macarthur and written by Melanie Poole, with Dwayne Cameron in the cast.
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle is a fantasy television series from the United States, originally aired on CBS and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. Robert Ridgely is one of its cast members.
Paul H. Kocher, a male, was educated at both Stanford University and Columbia University, received a Guggenheim Fellowship, and is employed at Stanford University.
A Town Called Panic is a comedy film written by Vincent Patar, with performances by French Cowboy. It was released on September 17, 2009, and later on October 28 and November 13, 2009.
Nazz III is a psychedelic rock album released on May 1, 1971, by Colgems Records. It follows the album "Nazz Nazz" and was performed by the band Nazz.
Alberto Louzeiro, a male football player born on November 22, 1982, in Santiago do Cacém, Portugal, is a citizen of Portugal and plays association football.
Rommell Ibarra, a male athlete and football player born on March 24, 2000, in Caracas, Venezuela, holds citizenship in Venezuela.
The Prince of Wales Theatre, located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, is a Grade II listed building owned by Delfont Mackintosh Theatres. Designed by Charles J. Phipps, it is an instance of a theater.
Diego Cristin, a male tennis player from Argentina born on April 5, 1981, is an instance of a human.
The 1938 PGA Championship, a golf tournament held in the United States, took place at The Shawnee Inn & Golf Resort and was won by Paul Runyan.
Matty Young, a male football player from Leeds, was born on 25 October 1985 in the United Kingdom. He plays association football.
The Old Man and the Bureaucrats, authored by Mircea Eliade and published in 1968, is a French novella.
The Lion is a novel published in 1958 by Gallimard Jeunesse in France, authored by Joseph Kessel.
Patrick Sussek, a male football player born on February 8, 2000, in Ingolstadt, plays as a midfielder for FC Ingolstadt 04.
The Olms is an indie pop band formed in 2011 in California, United States, with Pete Yorn as a part of the group.
The Sprengel Museum, an art museum in Germany and located in Hanover, was inaugurated in 1979 by architect Peter Trint.
"Going My Way" received Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay, and won for Best Supporting Actor, while also being nominated for Best Actor and Best Picture.
Save the Lady is a film directed by Leon Thau and produced by Barry Pierce, featuring Bill Kerr in the cast, with an original language of English. It was released in 1982.
461 Fifth Avenue, an skyscraper located in Manhattan, United States, was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill and was built in 1989. It is owned by SL Green Realty.
Manga, a male football player born on April 26, 1937, in Recife, Brazil, participated in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.
Rock Manager is a business simulation video game published on June 30, 2002, by DreamCatcher Interactive for Microsoft Windows, distributed on DVD.
Higashi-Tokorozawa Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated in 1973 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company. Located in Tokorozawa, Saitama, it connects to the Musashino Line.
Poured Lines is a painting created by Ian Davenport in 2006 and is located on Southwark Street in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Asuman Karakoyun, a female volleyball player from Turkey, was born on July 16, 1990, in Istanbul.
The Centre Daily Times, an American newspaper founded in 1898, is located in State College, Pennsylvania, and is owned by McClatchy.
Kersten Artus, a German journalist and politician born on April 1, 1964, in Bremen, identifies as female.
Flock! is a puzzle video game published by Capcom on April 7, 2009, for Microsoft Windows, originating from the United Kingdom.
Matsudo-Shinden Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on April 21, 1955, and is operated by Shin-Keisei Electric Railway. Located in Matsudo, it connects to the Shin-Keisei Line.
Stephen Youll, a male artist born on June 8, 1965, in Hartlepool, UK, was educated at the University of Sunderland.
Nicholas Eberstadt, a male economist born on December 20, 1955, in New York City and a citizen of the United States, works as an economist at the American Enterprise Institute.
Zuidveen is a village in the Netherlands, located in the administrative territory of Steenwijkerland, where Dutch and the Stellingwarfs dialect are spoken.
Anastasia Bezrukova, born on January 5, 2004, in Moscow, Russia, is a Russian fashion model and actor.
Secret of the Wings, an animated feature film directed by Peggy Holmes and produced by John Lasseter, was published on October 26, 2012, and later on November 15, 2012, and it passes the Bechdel Test.
Southwestern Illinois College, a public community college established in 1946, is located in Belleville, Illinois, and falls under the category of public educational institutions in the United States.
Guy Malherbe, a French politician born on April 9, 1946, in Montpellier, was awarded the title of Knight of the Legion of Honour.
George Andguladze, a male singer born on August 6, 1984, in Tbilisi, Georgia, is a citizen of Georgia.
Brian Muller, a male rugby union player born on 11 June 1942 in Eltham, New Zealand, holds New Zealand citizenship.
Delaware Route 273 is a road owned and maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation, located in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. It was established in 1936.
La Symphonie fantastique, produced by Continental Films and set in France, features cast members Julien Bertheau and Lise Delamare, and was directed by Armand Thirard.
FC Maritsa Plovdiv, an association football club based in Plovdiv, Bulgaria, was founded on September 21, 1921, and competes in the Third Amateur Football League of Bulgaria.
Affiliated Managers Group is a public financial services business headquartered in Beverly, Massachusetts, and was founded in 1980.
The FC Barcelona Museum, a sports museum located in Barcelona, Spain, was owned by FC Barcelona and opened on September 24, 1984.
A Woman as a Friend, produced by Fandango and distributed by Warner Bros., is an Italian film with Monica Scattini and Antonia Liskova in the cast, originating from Italy.
The Kestrel rocket engine, developed and manufactured by SpaceX and designed by Tom Mueller, is a liquid-propellant rocket with U.S. origins, distinct from Kestrel USA.
Guarani FC, an association football club based in Campinas, Brazil, was founded on April 2, 1911, and competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Michael Palin authored the travel literature book "Hemingway Adventure," published in 1999, from the United Kingdom.
Watson Chapel High School, an instance of a state high school in North America, was established on January 1, 1890, in the Watson Chapel School District of Arkansas, United States.
Yevgeny Miller, a Russian Empire lieutenant general who served in the 7th Belorusky Hussar Regiment and was educated at the Nikolaevskaya Cavalry School, received the Order of Saint Stanislaus, both in the 2nd and 3rd classes.
Erica Risseeuw, a Canadian female figure skater born on July 11, 1990, in Calgary, is a professional in her sport.
Len Haley, a male ice hockey player born on September 15, 1931, in Edmonton, Canada, is a citizen of Canada.
Rough Ride is an autobiography by Paul Kimmage, published in 1998, focusing on road bicycle racing and cycling in general.
Francinne, a Brazilian female singer born on January 1, 1991, in Porto Alegre, is a human.
Power of Inner Strength is a groove metal album released on January 1, 1995, by Grip Inc., produced by Waldemar Sorychta, and published under the label SPV GmbH.
The Dodsal Group, a conglomerate headquartered in Dubai since its inception in 1948, is owned by Rajen A. Kilachand and operates in the distribution and marketing industry in the United Arab Emirates.
The Literature Express is a Georgian novel authored by Lasha Bugadze, published in 2009. It is an instance of a literary work from Georgia.
Israel Rosh, a male football player born on March 5, 1988, in Ashdod, holds Israeli citizenship and plays association football.
Karine Kazinian is a female human from Armenia, who received her education at Yerevan State University and was awarded the Mkhitar Gosh Medal. Her given name is Karine.
Mask of Smiles is a pop rock album by John Waite, released by EMI Records in 1985, following his album No Brakes.
Naujoji Vilnia railway station, owned by Lithuanian Railways and located in Vilnius, Lithuania, opened officially in 1860 and is adjacent to Pavilnys train station.
Atkins High School, located in Pope County, Arkansas, United States, was established on January 1, 1893, and is part of the Atkins School District. It is both a state school and a high school in North America.
Matheus Cavichioli, a Brazilian male born on July 27, 1986, in Caçador, is a football player who plays association football.
The Only Girl is a musical film composed by Franz Waxman, directed by Friedrich Hollaender, and starring Lilian Harvey. It was released in 1933.
Laud Quartey, a male football player born on March 11, 1984, in Ghana, holds Ghanaian citizenship and plays association football.
Arizona State Route 277 is a road owned and maintained by the Arizona Department of Transportation, located in Arizona, United States, and was established in 1962.
Erik Thorell, a male ice hockey player born on March 3, 1992, in Karlstad, Sweden, holds Swedish citizenship.
James Driscoll, a male golfer born on October 9, 1977, in Boston, United States, competes in golf.
Kyenjojo District, located in the Western Region of Uganda, is the capital of the district and named after Kyenjojo. It is an administrative division of Uganda.
Télé Liban, established on May 28, 1959, is a state broadcasting television service headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon.
Phil Bardsley, a male football player born on June 28, 1985, in Salford, holds citizenship in the United Kingdom and plays association football.
Mark Lebedew, a male volleyball player born on May 6, 1967, in Adelaide, Australia, is a citizen of Australia.
The Cooler is a film set in Las Vegas Valley, originally in English and featuring actors like Timothy Landfield and Alec Baldwin, with gambling as its main subject.
The Abbey Road Sessions is an orchestral pop compilation album by Kylie Minogue, released on 24 October 2012 under Parlophone Records.
Patrick Pinney, a male actor and voice actor born on June 30, 1952, in Los Angeles, holds citizenship in the United States.
Chipo Mugeri, a Zimbabwean female cricketer born on March 2, 1992, in Zimbabwe, plays cricket professionally.
Going Sane is an Australian comedy film directed by Michael Robertson and starring John Waters, released on January 1, 1987.
Alessandro Bonsanti, a male citizen of Italy, was a member of the Italian Republican Party and served as the mayor of Florence.
Rupert and the Frog Song is an animated short film produced by Paul McCartney and directed by Geoff Dunbar, first distributed by MPL Communications on May 3, 1984, in English.
Shania Twain's "Up! Tour" was a concert tour that ran from September 25, 2003, to July 10, 2004, following the "Come On Over Tour" and preceding "Shania: Still the One."
Jalouse is a comedy film directed by David Foenkinos and written by both David and Stéphane Foenkinos, with Stéphane Foenkinos also starring in the film alongside Thibault de Montalembert.
That 'll Be the Day is a rockabilly album by Buddy Holly, produced by Owen Bradley, released on April 1, 1958, under Decca Records.
Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India is an English-language biography published in 2003, focusing on Swami Vivekananda and originating from India.
The Last Straw, a silent film directed by Denison Clift and starring Buck Jones, was released on February 14, 1920, in the United States.
Sakudaira Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated in 1997 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company. Located in Saku, Nagano, it connects to the Hokuriku Shinkansen line.
Lewis Baines, born on October 10, 1998, in Brighton, is a football player who plays as a defender for Fleetwood Town F.C.
"The World of Don Camillo" is a comedy film directed by Terence Hill and produced by him, with screenwriting by Giovannino Guareschi. The movie features cast members Franco Diogene and Andy Luotto.
William W. Hallo, a male, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was educated at the University of Chicago. He worked at Yale University.
Ester Workel, a female rower born on March 18, 1975, in Enschede, is a citizen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and participated in the Women's eight event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Phylogenesis is a science fiction novel published in 1999 by Alan Dean Foster, originally from the United States, and published by Del Rey Books.
The 1968 Wimbledon Championships, an edition of The Championships, Wimbledon, took place in the United Kingdom from June 24, 1968, in tennis.
The Muscular Dystrophy Association, a nonprofit organization based in Chicago, USA, was founded in 1950 and focuses on muscular dystrophy.
What a Man My Man Is is a country pop album by Lynn Anderson, produced by Glenn Sutton, released on Columbia Records in 1974.
Kotohira Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on May 23, 1889, and is operated by the Shikoku Railway Company. Located in Kotohira, Kagawa, it connects to the Dosan Line.
Paulo Pedroso, a male politician born on April 28, 1965, in Aveiro, Portugal, holds citizenship in Portugal and serves as a Member of the Assembly of the Republic.
August Makalakalane is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for FC Baden.
William Fry, a male Australian politician and Knight Bachelor, was educated at the University of Melbourne and has the surname Fry.
Nicky Deuce, produced by Nickelodeon Movies and distributed by Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment, is an American film with Canadian origins, starring Steve Schirripa and Tony Sirico.
Nathan Watkins, a male football player from the United States born on April 26, 1977, plays association football and is a member of the Charlotte Eagles.
Mariano Trujillo, a male football player born on May 19, 1977, in Mexico City, holds Mexican citizenship and plays association football.
Patti Clare, a British female actor born on September 21, 1958, in Manchester, is a human citizen of the United Kingdom.
Today's Special is an English-language comedy film with Aasif Mandvi as the screenwriter, starring Ajay Naidu, Madhur Jaffrey, and Naseeruddin Shah.
Waygara railway station, an abandoned train station in Victoria, Australia, was officially opened in 1916 and is part of the Gippsland railway line.
Dalseong Park station, an instance of a train station in South Korea, was opened on April 23, 2015, by the Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation and connects to Daegu Metro Line 3.
"Night Train," a country music single by Jason Aldean, was released on June 24, 2013, as part of his album "Night Train."
Taeli Ramashalane, a male football player born on January 1, 1980, in Lesotho, is a citizen of Lesotho and plays association football.
Mary Tyler Moore was a renowned actor and voice actor who received a Special Tony Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
Taylor Symmank, born on October 2, 1992, in McKinney, Texas, is an American football player who punts for the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team.
Spell -- Dolce mattatoio is an Italian drama film from Italy, written by Alberto Cavallone and starring Paola Montenero and Josiane Tanzilli.
Peter Darke, a male football player from the United Kingdom, was born on December 21, 1953, in Exeter. He played association football.
Shopify, a software company founded by Tobias Lütke in 2012, is headquartered in Ottawa, Canada.
Jay Watson, born on 27 May 1990 in Australia, is a songwriter, singer, and guitarist. He holds Australian citizenship.
Giorgio Spizzichino, born on August 10, 1999, in Rome, is a football player who plays as a defender for S.S. Lazio and specializes in association football.
Edison Caicedo, a male football player born on March 13, 1990, in Esmeraldas, Ecuador, holds Ecuadorian citizenship and plays association football.
Oregon Route 131 is a state highway owned and maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation, located in Oregon, United States. It was established on September 19, 2002.
Bertrand Blanc, born on October 29, 1973, in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, France, is a male ski mountaineer.
Stephen Boyd, a male American football player born on August 22, 1972, in Valley Stream, New York, holds citizenship in the United States and plays American football.
Rick Leonard, a male American football player born on November 22, 1996, in Middletown, Maryland, is a member of the Los Angeles Rams.
Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings is a business headquartered in Hong Kong, established in 1991 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It is owned by Pou Chen Corporation.
The Shelbourne Ultimatum is a novel published by Penguin Books on October 2, 2012, and is part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series, authored by Paul Howard.
The Arcadian is a science fiction film directed and written by Dekker Dreyer, starring J. Larose, and produced in the United States.
Alwin der Letzte is a German comedy film directed by Hubert Hoelzke and composed by Hans Hendrik Wehding. It was published on September 23, 1960.
Aditi Avasthi, a female born on December 10, 1981, in Ludhiana, was educated at the University of Chicago and received the 100 Women award from BBC.
Lidya Tchakerian, a female painter born in 1959 in Beirut, Lebanon, is a citizen of Lebanon and was educated at the Lebanese Academy of Fine Arts.
Vatican Media, a specialty channel established in 1983, is headquartered in Vatican City and owned by the Roman Curia.
Carneal House, a Georgian-style house designated as a contributing property, is located in Covington, Kentucky, and is part of the Riverside Drive Historic District in the United States.
Two California Plaza is a skyscraper located in California, United States, designed by Arthur Erickson and built in 1992. It is owned by Los Angeles Downtown News.
Lanre Kehinde, a male football player born on May 7, 1994, in Lagos, Nigeria, is a citizen of Nigeria and plays association football.
Lacina Traoré, a male football player and citizen of the Ivory Coast, was born on 20 August 1990 in Abidjan.
Hugh Cassidy, a male powerlifter born on December 31, 1935, in San Francisco, is a citizen of the United States.
Hell to Pay, a drama film released on January 1, 2014, was directed by Jay Jennings and stars Charles Santore. The film originates from the United States.
Saigon Electric is a film directed and written by Stephane Gauger, starring Elly Tran Ha, and was released on March 12, 2011, in the Vietnamese language.
Gunnar Martinsson is a Swedish male football player who plays as a midfielder for Malmö FF and specializes in association football.
Jason Christiansen, a male baseball player born on September 21, 1969, in Omaha, Nebraska, holds citizenship in the United States.
Walter Riggs is a male American football player who played for the Auburn Tigers and was educated at Auburn University. His family name is Riggs.
Southern Garrett High School, an instance of a state high school in North America, was established in 1952 and is part of Garrett County Public Schools in Maryland, United States.
The Forge, a painting by Francisco Goya created in 1819, is a genre art piece located in the Frick Collection and painted on canvas.
Delacroix metro station, an elevated station in Anderlecht, Belgium, was inaugurated in 2006 and is owned by the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company.
Art Deco, an influential art movement and style in visual arts that began in 1910 and was named after the International Exhibition of Modern Decorative and Industrial Arts, originated in France and was inspired by Futurism.
The Allen Steinheim Museum is a university building and museum located in Alfred, New York, part of Alfred University, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"My Dog Shep" is a drama film and television show in English, originating from the United States. It was written by Ford Beebe and features cast members Al St. John and Harry Holman.
Ibrahima Sory Souare, a male football player born on July 14, 1982, in Conakry, Guinea, holds citizenship of Guinea and plays association football.
Egaleo F.C., an association football club based in Greece since 1931, plays in the Gamma Ethniki league and has its headquarters in Aigaleo.
Brian Vander Ark, born on June 19, 1966, in Holland, Michigan, is a U.S. citizen and known for his occupations as a singer, guitarist, and singer-songwriter.
Suparna Airlines, an airline based in China with its headquarters in Shanghai and founded on January 15, 2003, is a subsidiary of Hainan Airlines and operates out of Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
Ryusuke Senoo, a Japanese male football player born on February 20, 1986, in Okayama, plays association football.
Alex Cole, a center fielder from the United States, played for the Minnesota Twins and later the Cleveland Indians. His family name is Cole.
Jamie Lowry is a human who plays as a midfielder for Truro City F.C. and previously played for Chesterfield F.C.
Aaron Blair, born on May 26, 1992, in Las Vegas Valley, is a baseball player who plays as a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves and also has experience in American football.
Trina Robbins, a female artist, received the Inkpot Award and is married to Steve Leialoha. Her full name is Trina Robbins.
Xu Jingzong, a male from the Tang dynasty, was the Chancellor and held significant power during that time. He was the son of Xu Shanxin and had a son named Xu Ang.
Rachel Mazuir, a male politician born on February 12, 1940, in Bourg-en-Bresse, France, holds citizenship in France and serves as a member of the Senate of France.
Tanya Hope, a female actor and model born on January 1, 1996, in Bangalore, India, holds Indian citizenship.
CD Mirandés is a Spanish association football club founded in 1927, based in Miranda de Ebro and currently playing in the Segunda División.
Ivan Fedko, a Komandarm 1st rank, was a member of the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union and received the Order of the Red Banner three times.
Ralitsa Vassileva, a Bulgarian journalist born on June 8, 1965, in Sofia, was educated at Sofia University and identifies as female.
The Book of Salt, a novel published in 2003 by Monique Truong, was published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and originated in the United States.
Over the Top is a heavy metal album by the band Mentors, produced by Jack Endino and released in 2005 in the United States.
Donalio Melachio Douanla, a male football player born on September 24, 1997, in Cameroon, plays as a midfielder.
RalliSport Challenge 2 is a racing video game published by Xbox Game Studios and developed by EA DICE, released on May 4, 2004, for the Xbox console.
Quantez is a Western film produced by Gordon Kay, starring James Barton, Sydney Chaplin, and Fred MacMurray, with Robert Wright Campbell as the screenwriter.
Farm to Market Road 149 is a road in Texas, United States, owned and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation since 1945.
Lauren Shera, a female singer-songwriter from the United States, was born in 1985 and has the family name Shera.
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is a comedy film distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Film4 Productions and Stephen Woolley, with cast members including Forbes KB and Katherine Parkinson.
Grown Ups is an English-language film produced by Happy Madison Productions and distributed by InterCom, starring China Anne McClain and Colin Quinn, and originating from the United States.
The Crystal World, a science fiction novel authored by J.G. Ballard and published by Jonathan Cape in 1966, received the Seiun Award for Best Translated Novel.
Devil Dogs of the Air, a comedy-drama produced by Warner Bros. and directed by Hal B. Wallis, stars Russell Hicks and Frank McHugh.
"Little Red Wagon" is a country rock single by Miranda Lambert, released on RCA Records Nashville on January 12, 2015, and is part of her Platinum album.
Kirkby Stephen railway station, located in Kirkby Stephen, United Kingdom, was opened in 1986 and operated by Northern. It is named after the nearby town of Kirkby Stephen.
Raasi is an Indian actress born on July 29, 1980, in Andhra Pradesh. She is a female human working in the acting profession.
Tennessee State Route 374 is a road maintained by the Tennessee Department of Transportation, part of the Tennessee State Route System and located in Tennessee, United States.
Johanna Acs, a female beauty pageant contestant born on May 29, 1992, in Eschweiler, is a human.
Padang Rengas railway station, located in Padang Rengas, Malaysia, is a train station owned by Keretapi Tanah Melayu and connected to the KTM West Coast railway line. It is adjacent to Kuala Kangsar railway station.
Primark, an Irish chain store and brick-and-mortar retail company, was founded on January 1, 1969, and is headquartered in Dublin, owned by Associated British Foods.
Futurama is a show created by Matt Groening and produced by his company, airing on Fox Broadcasting Company. It takes place in the Futuramaverse and is executive-produced by Ken Keeler, with Phil Hendrie voicing a character in the series.
Garga Hora is a book written by Rishi Garga, primarily about astrology, originally written in Sanskrit and originating from India.
Joe Robert Pemagbi, a male politician and diplomat born on November 22, 1945, in Bo, Sierra Leone, holds citizenship of Sierra Leone.
Stanley Ho, a male politician and entrepreneur born on November 25, 1921, in British Hong Kong, holds citizenship in China.
Johnny Morrissey, a male football player from Liverpool, was born on April 18, 1940, and holds citizenship in the United Kingdom. He played association football.
T.C. Resmi Gazete, a Turkish weekly and daily newspaper published in Turkey since October 7, 1920, is published by the Prime Minister of Turkey.
Three Days Grace, an alternative rock band formed in Norwood, Canada in 1992, includes Adam Gontier as a member.
Juana Matias, a female lawyer and politician from the Dominican Republic, holds a degree from the University of Massachusetts Boston and serves as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Higashi-Nagahara Station, an instance of a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on December 20, 1940, and is operated by the East Japan Railway Company. Located in Aizuwakamatsu, it connects to the Ban'etsu West Line.
SoftBank Group, an enterprise based in Japan and headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, was founded on September 3, 1981, and is owned by Masayoshi Son.
Francisco Michea, a male born on December 24, 1978, in Chile, is both a former football player and a manager in association football.
Saleh Allahyar, a male football player born on November 26, 1980, in Qatar, holds citizenship of Qatar and plays association football.
Azlan Ismail, a male football player born on October 3, 1984, in Tumpat District, Malaysia, represents his country in association football.
Evgeniya Karimova, a female taekwondo athlete from Uzbekistan born on June 12, 1989, participated in the 2010 Asian Games.
The Doncaster Knights, an rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was inception in 1875 and competes in the Premiership Rugby.
"Halbblut" is a silent film produced by Erich Pommer and written by Fritz Lang, starring Carl de Vogt. The film originated in Germany and was originally produced in the German language.
Malin Ek, a Swedish actress born on April 18, 1945, in Malmö, is a female citizen of Sweden.
Ken McCarthy, a male human born on September 20, 1959, in the United States, is educated at Princeton University.
Cowden railway station, located in Cowden, United Kingdom, is an instance of a train station operated by Southern (Govia Thameslink Railway) and opened on October 1, 1888, named after the nearby area.
Andrei Muntean, a Romanian male born on January 30, 1993, in Sibiu, is an artistic gymnast who participated in the Gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Preston Brown, a wide receiver, played for the Cleveland Browns and the New England Patriots, was educated at Vanderbilt University, and his family name is Brown.
"Walk Right Now" is a rhythm and blues single by The Jackson 5, released on June 15, 1981, through Epic Records. It is part of the Triumph album by The Jackson 5.
Winder Mendoza, a male football player born on December 9, 1984, in Altagracia Parish, is a human who plays association football.
Karim Boudjema, a French male football player born on September 8, 1988, in Lyon, plays association football.
Cathal Carolan is a male Gaelic football player born in Castlebar and a member of the Mayo Senior Football Team. His family name is Carolan.
Maxime Annys, a Belgian male football player born on July 24, 1986, in Ostend, plays association football.
Studia Celtica is a periodical literature published by the University of Wales Press in Cardiff since January 1, 1966. It focuses on history and is written in English.
Karl Amundsen, a Norwegian male politician born on November 10, 1873, was a member of the Parliament of Norway and the Labour Party in Norway.
The Departure is a documentary film directed by Lana Wilson and composed by Nathan Michel, released on April 2, 2017, in the United States.
Jean Genchi, a British female rower born on September 25, 1956, in London, participated in the Women's coxed four event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Parker, a male politician from Canada, was born in 1951 in Durham, Nova Scotia, and educated at Acadia University.
Tanbridge House School is a community secondary school in Horsham, West Sussex, United Kingdom, established in 1976.
Garbo Talks is a drama and comedy-drama film distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and produced by United Artists, starring Ron Silver and Hermione Gingold.
Mio Yamanaka, a Japanese female born on October 27, 1995, is a rugby sevens player.
Albert Bonass is a male from the United Kingdom who plays association football and has been a member of both Chesterfield F.C. and York City F.C.
Oscar Jofre, a male computer scientist born on October 20, 1965, in Santiago, Chile, holds citizenship in Chile.
Still Open All Hours, an English-language production, was written by Roy Clarke and produced by Gareth Edwards. The show features cast members including Sally Lindsay, David Jason, and Johnny Vegas.
Pietro Ameglio, a male writer born on January 1, 1958, in Uruguay, holds citizenship in both Mexico and Uruguay.
Zach Sill, a human, plays as a centre in ice hockey for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League.
Manuela Bruntraeger, a female model born on 17 May 1993 in Singapore, was also reported to have a date of birth on 01 January 1993, though the accurate date is 17 May 1993.
Fantôme Brewery, a Belgian business established in 1988, is a brewery headquartered in Soy and operates in the brewing industry.
Florin Achim, a male football player born on 16 July 1991 in Baia Mare, Romania, holds Romanian citizenship.
Sea Hunt is a television series created by Ivan Tors, starring Lloyd Bridges, and originated in the United States. It first aired in 1958 through broadcast syndication.
Melbourne Grammar School, an institution founded in 1849 and listed on the Victorian Heritage Register, is a grammar school located in Victoria, Australia.
Grant Van De Casteele, a male football player born on May 10, 1991, in Plano, Texas, holds citizenship in the United States and plays association football.
Motoharu Fukuchi, born on June 21, 1990, in Nago, is a baseball player who plays as a pitcher for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Randy Exelby, a male ice hockey player born on August 13, 1965, in Toronto, Canada, is a citizen of Canada.
E.J. Bibbs, born on August 28, 1991, in Chicago, is an American football player who plays as a tight end for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Anuar Tuhami, a male football player born on January 15, 1995, in Ceuta, holds citizenship of both Spain and Morocco.
Charlie Telfer, a male football player born on July 4, 1995, in Carluke, is a citizen of the United Kingdom and plays association football.
A Tremendously Rich Man, a film directed by Steve Sekely and released on February 13, 1932, features Max Colpet as the composer and includes cast members Hermann Picha and Eduard Rothauser.
Wayne Hockley, a male football player born on September 6, 1978, in Paignton, United Kingdom, competes in association football.
Winter Park station, a train station located in Winter Park, Florida, United States, was originally conceived in 1890 and officially opened in 1882.
Android (film) was distributed and produced by New World Pictures, filmed in English, directed by Tim Suhrstedt, edited by Andy Horvitch, and its main subject is an android (robot).
Koji Aoyama, a male baseball player born on August 12, 1983, in Hakodate, Japan, is a citizen of Japan and plays baseball.
Leston Paul, a male football player born on March 11, 1990, in Mayaro, Trinidad, and a citizen of Trinidad and Tobago, participated in the 2019 Copa América.
Denise Woollard, a female politician born on January 1, 1940, and a citizen of Canada, served as a member of the Alberta Legislative Assembly for the Alberta New Democratic Party.
Matthew Mulligan, a male American citizen born on January 18, 1985, in Bangor, Maine, plays American football.
Dynamis is an English-language history journal, specifically focused on the history of medicine, published by the University of Granada since 1981 in Spain.
Susan R. Bolton, a female lawyer and judge born on September 1, 1951, in Philadelphia, is a citizen of the United States.
Donald Fowler, a male born on September 12, 1935, in Spartanburg, South Carolina, is a citizen of the United States and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was educated at the University of Kentucky.
Chris Cichocki is a winger who plays ice hockey for the Detroit Red Wings and the New Jersey Devils in the National Hockey League.
The Blanket of the Dark, a novel published in 1931 by John Buchan, originates from England and was published by Hodder & Stoughton.
The Goddess, a film directed by John Cromwell and released on January 1, 1958, features Steven Hill and Joan Copeland in its cast, with music composed by Virgil Thomson.
Top Gear GT Championship is a racing video game published on March 21, 2001, by Kemco for the Game Boy Advance in Japan.
Mutant is a science fiction book published in 1953 by Gnome Press, authored by Lewis Padgett and originating from the United States.
Alex Lynn, a male racing automobile driver from London, was born on September 17, 1993, and holds citizenship of the United Kingdom. He participates in Formula E.
Automobili Pininfarina, a German enterprise founded in 2018, is headquartered in Munich and is owned by the Mahindra Group.
Julian Marshall is a male tennis player from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Whites Bridge is a covered brown truss bridge located in Michigan, United States, and it officially opened in 1869, crossing the Flat River in Michigan.
Olaf Kölzig is a human who plays ice hockey as a goaltender. He has been a member of the Washington Capitals and the Tampa Bay Lightning, and was drafted by the Washington Capitals.
Clark T. Randt Jr., a male diplomat born on January 1, 1945, in Connecticut and a citizen of the United States, was educated at Harvard Law School.
Let Me Live in Your Life is a soul music album by Ben E. King, released on Atlantic Records in 1978, with Lamont Dozier as the producer.
Cindy McLeish, a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and the Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division), is married to Jeff Moss, a cricketer.
The Devil (1921) is a drama film directed by James Young and written by Edmund Goulding, produced in the United States.
Jim Bonar, a male born in 1866 in England and a citizen of the United Kingdom, was a football player who played association football.
"It's Only Us" is a pop rock single by Robbie Williams, produced by Guy Chambers, and was released under Chrysalis Records on November 8, 1999.
Antonio Carbognani, a male born on November 5, 1953, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was both a football player and a manager in association football.
Feminine Intuition is a science fiction short story published in "The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories" on October 1, 1969, authored by Isaac Asimov.
Friedrich Eisenbrand, born on July 3, 1971, in Quierschied, Germany, is a computer scientist and mathematician who works at Paderborn University.
Dave Pichette, a defenceman, plays in the National Hockey League and has been a member of both the New York Rangers and the St. Louis Blues.
Teresa Perozzi, a female boxer born on December 31, 1973, in New Hampshire and a citizen of Bermuda, competes in the sport of boxing.
Carlos Matheu, a male football player born on May 13, 1985, in Quilmes, Argentina, is a citizen of Argentina and plays association football.
Mikhail Postnikov, a human mathematician specializing in differential topology, was a student and doctoral advisor of Lev Pontryagin and speaks/writes Russian.
"A River Runs Through It" is a novel published on May 1, 1976, by Norman Maclean, originating from the United States. It blends elements of both literary fiction and autobiography.
The 1993 San Marino Open was a women's tennis tournament held in San Marino in 1993.
Thomas Oldham is a human who received the Royal Medal and is a fellow of both the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and the Royal Society. He was also educated at Trinity College Dublin.
Maria Lazarou, a female football player born on September 30, 1972, in Serres, Greece, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Zbigniew Pakleza, a male chess player from Poland, was born on December 5, 1986, in Gliwice.
Rudresh Vaghela, a male cricketer born on November 2, 1993, in India, plays cricket as his occupation.
Arja Alho, a Finnish politician born on March 21, 1954, and a female educated at the University of Helsinki, works in Helsinki.
Artur Kartashyan, a male football player born on January 8, 1997, in Yerevan, Armenia, holds Armenian citizenship and plays association football.
Dikava is a human settlement located in Serbia, specifically within the administrative territory of Surdulica.
Helen Oxenbury received the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize at a certain point in time.
The TV series "Monkey" is based on "Journey to the West" and is produced in the Japanese language, with Masaaki Sakai among its cast members.
The List of prime ministers of Kuwait is a Wikimedia list article that documents the inception of the position on November 11, 1962.
Devil's Gate is a film directed by Malcom McLean, edited by Chris Joyce, and produced in the United Kingdom.
Shannopin Coal Co is a mine in the United States that produces coal.
Zhao Yong, a painter from the House of Zhao, has two children named Zhao Feng and Zhao Shuduan.
Abigail Morris served as the chief executive officer of Soho Theatre from a start time to an end time.
The British TV series "House of Cards" is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Dobbs, though it differs from the original American version.
The Victorian Railways iced vans are a type of train manufactured by Victorian Railways and assembled at Newport Workshops.
Marinka, an operetta produced in 1945, had its first performance on July 18, 1945, and was performed in the English language.
Air Dolomiti is a joint-stock company and a member of Star Alliance, operated by Lufthansa.
Naval Auxiliary Air Station Hollister is an air base in the United States and is adjacent to Hollister Municipal Airport.
William Cleaver Wilkinson was educated at Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School during a specific start and end period.
The Tornabuoni Chapel was created by Domenico Ghirlandaio and his workshop.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Markov was a member of FC Novokuznetsk, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Wojciech Rudy was a member of the Poland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Dconf is a free software project written in C that uses the GNU Lesser General Public License.
John Bosler was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Malyi Kuchuriv is a village in Ukraine, located in the Zastavna Raion administrative territory.
Patrekur is a basketball team based in Iceland.
Ron Wyden was educated at the University of Oregon School of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
Milton Batista Vieira Júnior was a member of Sport Club Internacional from its start time until its end time.
Gilmar Silva was a member of Oeste Futebol Clube, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Anne of the Thousand Days was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, making it a statement subject of the nomination.
Gozdowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Gozdowo.
Jacques Cartier State Park is a New York state park located in the state of New York, United States.
Mohammadpur Upazila is an upazila in the Magura District of Bangladesh.
Tral is a human settlement located in the Pulwama district of India.
Milanów is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Milanów.
Aretha Live at Fillmore West was recorded at Fillmore West, though specific start and end times are not provided in the graph.
Jonay Hernández was a member of the sports team CD Ourense, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Raiders of the Lost Ark was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, making it a nominee in that category.
Ettore Manni was a citizen of Italy, with his time there spanning from a start time to an end time.
The Pittsburgh Keystones is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
The 13th Note Café is a venue located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Jamie Chandler was a member of the England national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Thiago Gentil is a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, with a specific start time but no end time provided.
Luigi Mostacci was a citizen of Italy with a specific period of residence from a start time to an end time.
Victor Truhanov was a member of FC Costuleni, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Delhi Cloth & General Mills, a business founded in 1889, has its headquarters in India.
Lingleville Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States.
Scott Township in Adams County, Ohio is a township located in the United States and is part of Adams County.
Farfa, the poet, had citizenship in the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Jerome Taylor was a member of the West Indies cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Qazi Jahan is a human settlement located in the Qazi Jahan Rural District, Iran.
The Greater Yosemite Council is a nonprofit organization and a scout council within the Boy Scouts of America, based in the United States.
Billy Bob Thornton won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his work in 1996.
9454 Wilshire Boulevard, an architectural structure designed by Robert E. Langdon Jr., was inceptioned in 1968.
Ulrika Karlsson was a member of the Sweden women's national football team, though the specific start and end times for her tenure with the team are not provided.
Yevgeni Malofeyev was a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Barnaul, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
The Comforters is published by Macmillan Publishers and is written in English, with its narrative set in Sussex.
The Cleveland Panthers is an American football team based in the United States.
Downtown Youngstown is a central business district located in Youngstown, Ohio, United States.
Bryan Linssen was a member of Fortuna Sittard from the start time to the end time.
Rauwshan McKenzie was a member of the Chicago Fire U-23 team from its start time until its end time.
The miniseries "If Tomorrow Comes" features Jack Weston and Tom Berenger and is based on the novel of the same name.
Alleged is an English-language film distributed by RLJE Films and is set in Tennessee.
The Spirit of Adventure, an American film, is in the public domain and was distributed by Mutual Film.
Ted Fleming was a member of the Melbourne University Football Club from a start time to an end time.
Bass Ledge is an island located in Nantucket County, United States.
Pepe Pinto was a member of Real Valladolid, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Sergei Anatolyevich Vasilyev was a member of FC Metalist Kharkiv, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mwalimu Cooperative Savings & Credit Society Limited, a business established in 1974, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
The List of Michigan state parks is a Wikimedia list article that categorizes the state parks of Michigan.
Shupluy District is a district located in the Yungay Province of Peru.
The Jackie Thomas Show, originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company, features Michael Boatman in its cast and is presented in the English language.
Maria De Mattias was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Juan Manuel Coello was a member of the Honduras national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Lake Nahorivske is a lake located in Ukraine.
Kay is a footballer who was a member of the sports team S.C. Mineiro Aljustrelense, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alan R. Battersby is a member of Academia Europaea, with an affiliation that began at an unspecified start time.
Tomi Shimomura was a member of the Montedio Yamagata sports team from its start time until its end time.
Emmetsburg Community School District is a school district in Iowa, United States.
Adriano Bausola had Italian citizenship with a start time and an end time.
Antwerp International Airport operates a connecting line to Palma de Mallorca Airport, with a specific start time determined by the operator.
Kevin Sakuda was a member of the Austin Aztex FC from its start time until its end time.
Pieter van den Bosch, a painter, worked in Amsterdam during a specific point in time.
Harper is an unincorporated community located in Indiana, United States.
Gabriel Milito was a member of Real Zaragoza, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Domingo Zalazar was a member of Audax Italiano from its start time until its end time.
The Sleeping Child is a drama film and television show from Belgium, originally produced in Arabic.
Alimabad is a village located in Markazi Province, Iran.
Shalva Apkhazava was a member of the FC Arsenal Kyiv sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Gmina Oleszyce is an urban-rural municipality located in Poland and is part of Lubaczów County.
Fazil Iskander received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Rita Levi-Montalcini received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in a shared award.
Adam Burish played in the National Hockey League from its start time to its end time.
Norihiro Kawakami was a member of Geylang International FC from its start time until its end time.
Kasba Peth is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India, located in the administrative territory of Maharashtra.
Area code 928 is an area code in the United States and is located in Winslow, Arizona.
Aristides Masi was a member of Club Sportivo San Lorenzo from a start time to an end time.
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues was a member of Adelaide United FC, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Charles Duccilli was a member of the Philadelphia Atoms from its start time until its end time.
Artur Lesko is a member of the sports team FC Energetik-BGU Minsk, with his start time at the club being a specific point in time.
Bruno Furlan was a member of Club Athletico Paranaense, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Jos Koetz was a member of the Luxembourg national football team from its start time until its end time.
The Port of Melbourne Authority, a statutory authority established on January 1, 1958, operates in Australia.
Ritesh Batra won the Zee Cine Award for Most Promising Director for his work in 2007.
Anton Matveyev was a member of FC Taganrog, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Sudbury / Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Ontario, Canada.
Kiko Torres was a member of Real Madrid Castilla from its start time until its end time.
Mario Miltone was a member of the sports team Borgosesia Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Almaden Open is a golf tournament held in the United States.
VConnect is a business that was founded in 2010 and has its headquarters in Surulere.
The 1878 Hereford by-election was a by-election held in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1878.
Isaac Asimov won the Nebula Award for Best Novelette in recognition of his work.
Chris Martin played for the New Zealand national cricket team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure are not provided.
Wayne N. Phillips is a human who played for the Australia national cricket team. His given name is Wayne.
Vodien Internet Solutions is a business that was founded in 2002 and operates in the internet industry.
The South Meherrin River is a river located in Virginia, United States.
Gerard Vaughan is an Australian politician with the family name Vaughan.
Emilian Dolha was a member of the sports team CSM Olimpia Satu Mare, with a start and end time for his membership.
Ferdinando Miniussi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which existed from a start time to an end time.
The Chesterfield and District Amateur League is a sports league in the United Kingdom that organizes association football competitions.
Jim Wylie was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Leigh Woods is a village located in Somerset, United Kingdom.
Simon Birtwisle was a member of the Northumberland County Cricket Club, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The 2015 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Loyola College in Ibadan was founded in 1954 and is a school located in Nigeria.
Jeremy Allen was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Ford Hotel is a building located in Ontario, Canada.
Domanice is a village located in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Poland.
Chenar Mishavan is a village located in the Siyakh Darengun Rural District of Iran.
Bella Kocharyan is a human and she is married to Robert Kocharyan.
Futaba Corporation is an electronics company organized as a Kabushiki gaisha and is a member of the SD Association.
Tom Gracie was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a start and end time for his participation in the league.
Sergio Boris was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Oliver Herber was a member of the sports team Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Rhydyclafdy is a village located in Gwynedd, United Kingdom.
Hiroki Higuchi was a member of the Fukushima United FC from its start time until its end time.
Mikhail Zhabkin was a member of the Russia national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Jem Karacan was a member of the Turkey national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Pere Tarradellas was a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Lemley Campus is a public educational institution located in Oklahoma, United States.
Charles Belton was a member of the Kent County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
The William Pinto House, a house located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Inzensky District is located in Samara Oblast and has a start and end time defined for its administrative territorial entity within Samara Oblast.
Buczyn is a village located in the Gmina Czerwin, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.
Paula Ioan is a human who competes in artistic gymnastics.
Emiliano Zapata is a municipality located in Morelos, Mexico.
Chris Silverwood was a member of the Mashonaland Eagles from a start time to an end time.
The Kankesanthurai Lighthouse, built in 1893, is a lighthouse located in Sri Lanka.
Igor Shalimov was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Batu Arang is a town located in the Gombak District of Malaysia.
Gabriel de Broglie was educated at École nationale d'administration, which had a start and end time for his studies.
The headquarters of Oulu City Library is located in Pokkinen, which starts and is situated within the administrative territorial entity.
Alexandre N'Gadi was a member of Pau FC from its start time until its end time.
Derrick Hamilton is a human who has been a member of the Toronto Argonauts and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Many Springs is an unincorporated community located in Missouri, United States.
Stade de DUC Dakar is a stadium in Senegal that is used for association football.
Stanley Fenley was a member of the Surrey County Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Viktor Stanitsyn plays a character role in the film "The Battle of Stalingrad."
Gudem Kotha Veedhi is a village located in Gudem Kottaveedhi mandal, India.
Moussa Hirir is a citizen of Djibouti and has served as a coach for the Djibouti national football team with a career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Lucien Leduc was a member of the sports team Annecy FC from its start time until its end time.
Frays Farm Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest located in the London Borough of Hillingdon, United Kingdom.
Braintree Sixth Form, an secondary school in the United Kingdom, was established in 2009.
Don Waddell was involved with the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges was the director of École normale supérieure in Paris, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Giorgio Ferrari's period of citizenship in Italy started at a certain time and ended at another time.
The Meitetsu Hashima Line is owned by Meitetsu and is part of the Meitetsu Takehana Line, with its start time being a specific operational detail.
Yothinburana School is a school located in the Thanon Nakhon Chai Si Subdistrict, Thailand.
Your True Love is a song performed by Carl Perkins, released in 1957.
Gabi Lasri was a member of the Israel national football team from [start time] to [end time].
The Pochtamtsky Bridge, which officially opened in 1824, spans the Moyka River and is designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia.
Doc Murray is a human who is a member of the Wigan Warriors sports team.
Chelmsford Radio is a radio station that began operations in 1998 and is based in the United Kingdom.
The St. Thomas-Elgin Memorial Centre is a building located in Ontario, Canada.
Caio is a village located in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
José Gildeixon Clemente de Paiva was a member of Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Aleksandr Perov, a footballer, was a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar from its start time until its end time.
The Sheraton Skyline Hotel at London Heathrow, which opened in 1971, is a hotel located in the United Kingdom.
Kaheawa Wind Power is a wind farm located in Maui County, Hawaii, United States.
Moravian Falls is a waterfall located in North Carolina, United States.
Twin Mound is a ghost town located in Douglas County, Kansas, United States.
Bert McInenly played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Andrea Mengoni was a member of the sports team Delfino Pescara 1936, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Squire and Partners, an architectural firm based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1976.
Parking Panda is a company that was founded in 2011.
Yukio Tsuchiya was a member of Barretos Esporte Clube, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Gavin James, a footballer, was a member of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team from a start time to an end time.
The Belt Line Road in Texas is a road located in Dallas County, United States.
Garnik Avalyan was a member of FC Volgar Astrakhan, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Norfolk Street station is adjacent to the Warren Street/NJIT station, which connects and runs towards that direction.
Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is a National Estuarine Research Reserve located in Mississippi, United States.
Siswan is a community development block located in the Siwan district of India.
Vladimir Nakoryakov received the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" IV class, the Order of the Badge of Honour, and holds a Doctor in Engineering degree.
Enzo Rosa was a member of F.C. Pavia from its start time until its end time.
Bongouanou Department is a department located in the Moronou Region of Ivory Coast.
Richard Bland, a burgess, was married to Elizabeth Randolph and had two children: Theodorick Bland of Cawsons and Mary Bland.
Cortina Airport is an airport that was operational until it was dissolved, abolished, or demolished.
David Bowie composed the song "Fantastic Voyage," which is the subject of a statement with a publication date attributed to David Bowie.
Charles Lee Isbell, Jr., worked at AT&T Labs with a start and end time for his employment.
JP Duminy was a member of the Sunrisers Hyderabad team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
James Tilyard was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Abraham Bosse worked in Paris, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Daniel Usvat was a member of the FC Bihor Oradea sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Hayfield Dundee is a neighborhood located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Henry Moyo played for the Malawi national football team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Roger Parker is a member of the Academia Europaea, affiliated with the organization since its start time.
Bangou is a village located in the Zabré Department of Burkina Faso.
Hamdan Qassem is a human who plays as a defender for Al Shabab Al Arabi Club Dubai.
Cameron Mather was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Larchwood Township, a civil township located in Lyon County, Iowa, is part of the United States.
The C-5, a ship-like blimp, is operated by the United States Navy and manufactured by Goodyear Aerospace.
The Tomah Area School District is a school district located in Wisconsin, United States.
Markus Unger was a member of the sports team KSV Hessen Kassel, with a start and end time for his membership.
Petrit Hoxhaj was a member of the sports team WKE, with a start and end time for his involvement.
"The Moon Is Blue" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing, making it a nominee in that category.
Beijing Blues received the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film, which was awarded at a specific point in time and is the subject of a particular statement.
Andrei Tsaplin was a member of the sports team FC Neman Grodno, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Laurence Kotlikoff was educated at Harvard University, where he received a doctoral degree under an unspecified doctoral advisor.
Darah dan Doa is an Indonesian film directed by Max Tera, originally filmed in the Indonesian language.
High School Musical aired on Disney Channel and features cast members Alyson Reed and Bart Johnson.
Papa Malick Ba was a member of the Senegal national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Bigambul are an Indigenous people of Australia, located in the state of Queensland.
Jim Morehouse was a member of the Carlton Football Club from its start time until its end time.
Guillermo Eizaguirre was a member of the Spain national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Andrei Suslin worked at Saint Petersburg State University, with a specific start and end time for his employment there.
Aliyu Abubakar, a footballer, was a member of F.C. Ashdod from a start time to an end time.
The EMD GP28 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel and was produced between a start time and an end time.
Sangria is a wine cocktail originating from Argentina and contains red wine as one of its parts.
Evgeni Ignatov, a footballer, was a member of FC Sevlievo from its start time until an end time.
Eugen Bari was a member of FK Dubnica from a start time to an end time.
The Principal Riverwalk is a protected area located in Iowa, United States.
Justin Ammar is a member of the sports team SV Heimstetten, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Waking the Demon, produced by Colin Richardson, follows Hearts Burst into Fire and is followed by Your Betrayal.
Ryan Cavanagh was a member of the State of Matter MAAP Racing team, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
The Taff Vale Railway O1 class locomotives were designed by Tom Hurry Riches and operated by the Taff Vale Railway on standard-gauge tracks.
The Cook-Sellers House, located in the United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Trge is a human settlement located in the Bugojno Municipality of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bomako is a human settlement located in Benin, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Bassila.
Dalechowice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka.
Javier Chirinos was a member of the sports team Deportivo Municipal, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Augusto Silj was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Gennadi Grishin was a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with his start and end times recorded.
L'Embobineuse is a music venue located in Marseille, France.
Kono Model Academy, a school founded in 1950, is located in the United Kingdom.
Ayotle is a business that was founded in 2010 and has its headquarters in France.
Vitaly Suetov was a member of FC Energetik Uren, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Manageress is a television series from the United Kingdom that originally aired on Channel 4.
Federico Fellini received the Palme d'Or for his work, which is the subject of a statement.
The Great American Bash (1991) is a professional wrestling event held in the United States.
The Miami SunPost is a tabloid newspaper that was founded in 1985.
Steve Wooddin was a member of the Christchurch Technical sports team from its start time until its end time.
Jimmy Howieson was a member of the Scotland national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mazenod is a human settlement located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Almir was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras from its start time until its end time.
Sky Odyssey is a single-player video game published by Activision, distributed on DVD.
Golfo Azzurro is a ship that is based in Panama City, United States.
Patrick Osiako was a member of the Simurq PIK team from its start time until its end time.
Maksim Votinov was a member of FC Baltika Kaliningrad, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Marius Bezykornovas was a member of the Lithuania national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Victor Moreland was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Jock Drummond was a member of the Scotland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Legacy Audio, a business founded in 1983, has its headquarters in Springfield, Illinois.
The Maltese Light Infantry was established in 1800 and served in Malta until it was dissolved in 1802.
Basongo Airport is an airport located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, specifically in the Kasai-Occidental region.
Omer Damari was a member of the sports team FK Austria Wien, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Salisbury Cathedral School, a boarding school located in Salisbury, is a Grade I listed building.
Rutesheim station is a railway halt located in Germany, specifically within the administrative territory of Leonberg.
Geoff Allardice is a human who is a member of the Victoria cricket team.
Vitaliy Sobolev was a member of PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Groton Iron Works is a shipyard in the United States that specializes in shipbuilding.
Marcelo Tolomeotti was a member of the sports team Paragominas Futebol Clube, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Association of the Holy Childhood, founded in 1959, is a voluntary association.
Yuri Ivanov, a footballer born in 1960, was a member of FC Kairat from a start time to an end time.
Glyn Pardoe was a member of the England national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
California State Route 178 is maintained by the California Department of Transportation and is located in Kern County, California, part of the state's highway system.
First Direct, a business bank, was founded in 1989 and has its headquarters in Leeds.
Jeff Stollmeyer was a member of the West Indies cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Bille Brown was born in Biloela, which is located in a specific administrative territorial entity at a particular point in time.
The Southland Astronomical Society is an organization based in Southland, New Zealand.
Pelham Parkway is a street located in The Bronx, United States.
Mohammad Nawaz, a cricketer, was a member of the Rawalpindi Rams team from its start time until its end time.
Murray Armstrong played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
The 2018 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament is a season of basketball that took place in 2018.
Sunblaze is a German band that performs progressive metal music.
Gerard Seghers worked in Naples from a start time to an end time.
Chora Botor is a district located in Jimma Zone, Ethiopia.
Alfa Aesar is a business headquartered in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and it is owned by Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Richard Anconina won the César Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work in a specific point in time.
Apara Ideal High School, founded in 1945, is a high school in Bangladesh, similar to those found in North America.
The Cisco Systems VPN Client is a software developed by Cisco Systems, designed to run on Microsoft Windows.
Lumberman's Monument is a sculpture located in Michigan, United States.
Issinsky District is located in Tambov Oblast, with its administrative boundaries defined by a start and end time.
Construction Photography, a business founded in 2001, has its headquarters in London.
Middletown station (NJ Transit) is adjacent to Hazlet station and serves as a connecting point on the line leading towards Hazlet.
Maryan Marushchak was a member of FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Vitaly Fedorchuk served as the chairperson of the KGB from its start time until its end time.
Neon Alley, a business, was founded on January 1, 2012, and its headquarters is located in San Francisco.
Postcards from Leningrad is a drama film and television show from Venezuela, originally filmed in the Spanish language.
Jace Alexander, whose family name is Alexander, is married to Maddie Corman and was educated at Circle in the Square Theatre School.
Euloge Ahodikpe was a member of Pápai FC from its start time until its end time.
The Khufu Statuette, a sculpture made of ivory, is located in the Egyptian Museum.
Yuva won the Screen Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Marion Dorn worked in London from a start time to an end time.
William Beechey, a member of the Royal Academy of Arts, has works in the Tate collection and was married to Anne Beechey.
UI Energy Corporation, a business founded in 1987, operates in the petroleum industry.
The capture of Le Sars took place in Picardy, France, as part of the Battle of the Somme.
Honeyburge is a hamlet located in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom.
Burning Creek is a river located in West Virginia, United States.
Tevita Kuridrani was a member of the Australia national under-20 rugby union team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Mattia Masi was a member of A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana from a start time to an end time.
Fred DeGand was a member of the Virginia Beach Mariners from a start time to an end time.
Dewhurst v. Coulthard is a legal case heard by the Supreme Court of the United States in the United States.
The National Guard Armory-Pine Bluff is located in Arkansas, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Edvan Bakaj was a member of the Albania national under-19 football team, though the specific start and end times for his involvement are not provided.
Juan Muhlethaler was a member of the Uruguay national football team from its start time until its end time.
Dobiecin is a village located in Gmina Chynów, Poland.
Lizz Winstead was involved with "The Daily Show," though the specific start and end times of her involvement are not provided in the graph.
Verkh-Nenya is a village that was established in 1810 and is located in Russia.
Kelly Smith was a member of the London Bees sports team from its start time until its end time.
Eric Frenzel was a citizen of East Germany, which existed from a start time to an end time.
The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a multistory car park located in Alaska, United States.
The Saptamukhi River is a river in India that flows into the Bay of Bengal.
The 2005 Central Hockey League All-Star Game is an ice hockey event that took place in 2005.
Frank Rost was a member of the sports team Hamburger SV from its start time until its end time.
Cormac Costello is a human who is a member of the Dublin Senior Football Team.
Closed Nightmare is a Japanese video game available on the Nintendo Switch.
KZBR is a radio station located in Colorado, United States.
The 6th U-boat Flotilla includes German submarine U-585, which had a service period with a start and end time.
The Macellum of Pozzuoli is an archaeological site located in Pozzuoli, Italy.
Terrai Bainen District is a district located in Mila Province, Algeria.
Nabil Jaadi was a member of the Morocco national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Adrian Sosnovschi was a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Adhemar Canavesi was a member of the Uruguay national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Michele Cossato was a member of A.C. Montichiari from a start time to an end time.
Cristiano Lopes was a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers from a start time to an end time.
Khazret Dyshekov was a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Ashland Township in Dodge County, Minnesota is a township located in the United States.
Kuami Agboh was a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Llandaff Cathedral, designed by architect Jasper Tudor, is a Grade I listed building that showcases Gothic architecture.
The Australian Shadows Awards, an award established in 2005, is based in Australia.
Franco Scoglio was the head coach of S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 from a start time to an end time.
Anthony Waite was a member of the Middlesex County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
School Lake in Brown County, Minnesota, United States, is a lake.
Anton Kramar was a member of the sports team FC Sevastopol-2, with a start and end time for his membership.
Harry Prince is a male human who is a member of the sports team Port Vale F.C.
The Marching Song of the 318th Eng'rs, published in 1918, is in the public domain.
Gilpin Point is an unincorporated community located in Maryland, United States.
Werner Vogels was educated at The Hague University of Applied Sciences, where he studied computer science.
Vladimir Kazakov was a member of the FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod sports team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Wedding Pullav is an Indian romance film originally filmed in Hindi.
Taipei City Constituency 3 is a regional district for the Taiwan legislative election, located in Taipei.
Rudolf Seliger was a member of the sports team MSV Duisburg from its start time to its end time.
Alhandra, a footballer, was a member of the sports team U.D. Leiria from a start time to an end time.
Yusuf Barak was a member of the sports team KSV Baunatal, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Carlos Casquero was a member of Real Oviedo B, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Yasiel Puig is a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers, where he started playing and plays the position of outfielder.
The National Theatre of Panama, located in Panama City, was officially opened on October 1, 1908, and is designated as a monument of Panama.
Fort Street is a council constituency located in the Eastern District of Hong Kong, China.
Michele Christiansen is a human with the given name Michele and the family name Christiansen.
The Kelsey Range is a mountain range located in California, United States.
William Penn High School, located in North Carolina, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jair da Rosa Pinto was a member of the Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras sports team during a specific period, though the exact start and end times are not provided.
Teatro San Cassiano is an opera house located in Venice, Italy.
Johan Devrindt was a member of Club Brugge KV, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Jaime Bravo, the Chilean goalkeeper, was a member of the Deportes Iberia team from its start time until its end time.
Romeo Castelen was a member of the sports team Hamburger SV II, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Jeffrey Montgomery was educated at Michigan State University, where he earned an academic degree.
Martin Gottfried Weiss was the commander of Neuengamme concentration camp from its start time until its end time.
Hîncești was part of the Russian Empire from its start time until its end time.
Heather Mitts was a member of the Philadelphia Charge from its start time until its end time.
Sundazed Records is a record label founded in 1989 and based in the United States.
Italy participated as a nation in the 1959 Summer Universiade.
David Harrer was a member of FK Austria Wien from a start time to an end time.
The Pratt & Whitney PW4000 is a turbofan aircraft engine manufactured by Pratt & Whitney.
The Meadowlands Sports Complex is a stadium located in New Jersey, United States.
Natalka mine, located in Russia, is an operation that produces gold.
Roman Karmen received the Order of the Red Banner and the USSR State Prize, and his works are also featured in the Museum of Modern Art.
Karim Janat was a member of the Spin Ghar Tigers sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Maraguia, a titular see, was established in 1933 and is located in Tunisia.
Bernardo Parentino worked in Padua, starting and ending at unspecified times.
Chao Pengfei was a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC from its start time until its end time.
Laila Samad, a human, received the Bangla Academy Literary Award and was educated at the University of Calcutta.
Ivan Kotenko was a member of the sports team FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, with a start and end time for his membership.
Kristen Nygaard was a member of the Denmark national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Derrick Somerset Macnutt was a citizen of the United Kingdom, which ended with the dissolution of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The American Council of Engineering Companies, an organization founded in 1905, has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Katie Mactier was a member of the sports team S.C. Michela Fanini Rox, with a specific start and end time for her membership.
Grays Bay is a bay located in the Kitikmeot Region of Canada.
Andrea Mengoni was a member of A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Vrancea Mountains are a mountain range in Romania and are part of the Sub Carpathians.
Dan Dorion played in the National Hockey League from its start time to its end time.
West Dereham Abbey, an abbey founded on 17 January 1101, is located in the United Kingdom.
Dammaj is a human settlement located in the Saada Governorate of Yemen.
Pierre Rabadan was a member of the France national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Raoul Lambert was a member of the Belgium national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Simon Picone was a member of the rugby team L'Aquila Rugby, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Sergey Turanok was a member of the sports team FC Livadiya-Yuni Dzerzhinsk, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Hopwood Middle School, an American secondary school, was established on January 1, 1949.
Caracol Falls is a waterfall located in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
NRG Engineering, a business established in 2005, has its headquarters in Fusionopolis.
Thrill Me is a musical theatre production composed and libretted by Stephen Dolginoff.
Morten Olsen was a member of the sports team R.W.D. Molenbeek, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Francesco Parravicini was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Pro Sesto, with a start and end time for his membership.
Susan Foley was educated at Murdoch University and received an academic degree from there.
Lake Diefenbaker, which is dammed by the Gardiner Dam, has the South Saskatchewan River as both its inflow and outflow.
Sjoerd van Ginneken was a member of the Metec -- TKH Continental Cyclingteam, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Emil Noll was a member of the sports team Arka Gdynia, starting and ending at unspecified times.
The Remedello culture is an archaeological culture discovered in the Po Valley.
The East Coast Football Club, an Australian sports team, was founded on January 1, 1900.
Ivan Mayewski was a member of the sports team FC Vertikal Kalinkovichi, with a start and end time for his affiliation with the team.
Denis Goavec was a member of the sports team Stade Briochin from its start time until its end time.
Yvonne Martin is a human whose given name is Yvonne, and her mother is Marguerite Beaugé.
Rip Raps Plantation is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Andrew Harris, a cricketer born in 1971, was a member of the Herefordshire County Cricket Club from a start time to an end time.
The Fort Wayne Hoosiers is a basketball team based in the United States.
Nazri Nasir was a member of the Singapore national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Coco's Bakery, a business founded in 1948, has its headquarters in Carlsbad, California.
Bruce Pairaudeau was a member of the West Indies cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Hewlett Packard Labs, an research institute, was founded in 2015 and has its headquarters in Palo Alto, California.
Uniface is a business that was founded in 1984 and has its headquarters in Amsterdam.
Masr El-Nahrda is an Egyptian television show originally produced in Arabic.
The Toronto Board of Trade Building was occupied by the Toronto Transit Commission, with a specific start and end time for their occupancy.
Mike Seerey is a member of the St. Louis Stars soccer team and was educated at Saint Louis University.
Asakayama Station is adjacent to Sakaihigashi Station, which is part of a connecting line leading towards that station.
Thierno Bah was a member of the sports team FC Meyrin, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Zerega Avenue station, which opened on October 24, 1920, connects to the IRT Pelham Line via the 6 subway service.
The Monkland State School Residence is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Erkan Sekman was a member of the sports team Orduspor, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Vlada Avramov was a member of the Serbia national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
DRG Class E 93 is an electric locomotive and belongs to the locomotive class manufactured by AEG.
Kangerong Station is a pastoral lease located in Queensland, Australia.
Dinesh Mohan is a human who was educated at the University of Michigan.
Gudivada revenue division is a revenue division located in the Krishna district of India.
Redouane Drici was a member of the Algeria national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Patricio Mac Allister was a member of the Urawa Red Diamonds from its start time until its end time.
Stealth ATF is a multiplayer video game developed by Imagineering and published by Mattel.
Youanmi Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, Australia.
Panamaram is a village located in the Wayanad district of India.
Seachange is a female horse born on November 14, 2002, in New Zealand.
Vakhromeyevo is a village in Russia that was established in 1775.
Al Hamilton played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Kamran Sheeraz was a member of the Shropshire County Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Vasiliki Soupiadou was a member of the Greece women's national football team, with a start and end time for her tenure on the team.
Paandav is an action film from India, originally filmed in Hindi.
Tide Pods are a type of laundry detergent pod and a product manufactured by Procter & Gamble.
Joe Shuster won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation for his work in 2021.
Marc Lütolf was a member of the Switzerland national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Nidanpur in Berasia is a village located in the Bhopal district of India.
Hrayr Mkoyan was a member of the sports team FC Mika, with a start and end time for his membership.
Bob Landers is a human who plays for the Sydney Roosters sports team.
Renan Bressan was a member of APOEL FC, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Antonio Possevino was born in Mantua, which held him from a start time to an end time.
Clayton is an unincorporated community located in Stevens County, Washington, United States.
Extreme Pizza, a pizzeria chain founded in 1994, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
Rinaldo Francisco de Lima was a member of Clube Atlético Mineiro from its start time until its end time.
Marcelo Saralegui was a member of the Uruguay Montevideo sports team from a start time to an end time.
Feline Fuelled Games, a video game developer, was founded in 2005 and operates in the video game industry.
Abraham Mazumdar is a human who plays the piano and specializes in classical music.
Linjiang was located in Soviet-occupied Manchuria, with the occupation starting at a certain time and ending at another.
The 2011 North Somerset Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2011.
Sunguvarchatram is a human settlement located in the Kanchipuram district of India.
Bear Valley is a census-designated place located in Alpine County, California, United States.
U.S. Bank Stadium is the home of the Minnesota Vikings, who started playing there after their previous stadium.
Enoch Oteng was a member of the sports team K. Lyra, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
January Zyambo is a member of the sports team Olympiakos Nicosia, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Eduardo Conget was a member of Burgos CF from its start time until its end time.
Wilson's Sandwich Shop, a business founded in 1936, is headquartered in Findlay, Ohio.
Kohar Khurd is a village located in the Jalandhar district of India.
Bristol is an unincorporated community located in Pierce County, Georgia, United States.
Sanjay Yadav was a member of the Tamil Nadu cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Wayne Township is a township in Butler County, Ohio, United States.
Sterling Wescott was a member of the Utah Freezz from its start time until its end time.
China National Petroleum Corporation was formed in Beijing, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of China.
Fernando Marchiori was a member of the Adap Galo Maringá Football Club from its start time until its end time.
Andrei Vlad was a member of the Romania national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Yevgeni Chumachenko was a member of FC Novokuznetsk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alan Wilkinson was a member of the New Zealand national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Simone del Pollaiolo worked in Rome, starting and ending his time there at specific points.
Philip Arthur Whitcombe was a member of the Middlesex County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Talel Chedly was a member of the sports team FC Baulmes, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Philippe Gardent was a member of the France national handball team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Mission Direct is an organization that was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Hitchin.
Johannes Hopf was a member of the sports team Ystads IF, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The Tahoe Rim Trail, which was initiated in 1981, is a National Recreation Trail located in the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
Valentino Sala was a member of A.C. Monza, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Rocky Mountain House Airport is an airport located in Alberta, Canada.
Zaynah Vastani is a human who resides in India and has a sibling named Ziyah Vastani.
Vestal Watches, a business founded in 1997, has its headquarters in Costa Mesa, California.
Paulo Torres was a member of the sports team G.D. Chaves, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
HMS Rochfort (1814) is a ship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The Waitt Institute, a nonprofit organization founded by Ted Waitt, is sponsored by the Waitt Foundation.
The 2001 Tour de la Région Wallonne is a season of sports events held in Belgium in 2001.
Robert Bouloux is a human who participated in the Tour de France.
Velna is a village located in Setomaa Parish, Estonia.
Alitalia had a subsidiary called Air One, which started operating and later ceased its operations.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Editing at a specific point in time.
Barro Preto is a municipality located in Bahia, Brazil.
Apra, Punjab is located in the administrative territory of Punjab, India, and the primary language spoken, written, or signed there is Punjabi.
Massimiliano Caputo was a member of the sports team Matera Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Davis Falls is a waterfall located in Pokhara, Nepal.
Alessio Viola was a member of the Italy national under-21 football B team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Katariya in Kutch is a village located in India, specifically within the administrative territory of Bhachau Taluka.
Lake Idyl is a lake located in Florida, United States.
The Nephin Beg Range is a mountain range located in County Mayo, Republic of Ireland.
Anatoli Piskunov was a member of FC Lokomotiv Moscow, with his time there starting at a certain point and ending at another.
Rhydargaeau is a village located in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Jardim Lindoia is a neighborhood in Porto Alegre, Brazil.
Michael Bogdanov won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director in a specific point in time.
Flip Simmons is a human with the given name Flip and the surname Simmons.
Nirmala Higher Secondary School in Muvattupuzha is a school located in Kerala, India.
The International Chamber of Shipping, an organization founded in 1921, has its headquarters located at St Mary Axe.
Barnaul is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Siberian Krai, which started at a certain time and ended at another time.
Eduardo Vilches was a member of C.D. Cobreloa, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Geir Hasund was a member of the sports team Viking FK from its start time to its end time.
Andrés Guglielminpietro was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Takayuki Yamaguchi was a footballer who was a member of FC Machida Zelvia, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
David Sakvarelidze was born in Tbilisi, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Georgia.
Barkan Industrial Park is an industrial park located in the State of Palestine, specifically in the administrative territorial entity of Barkan.
Soyuz MS-01, manufactured by Energia, has crew members Anatoli Ivanishin and Takuya Onishi.
Quickplay Media is a business that was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Toronto.
StreetDance 3D, produced by HMV, features cast members Flawless and Jocelyn Jee Esien.
Éric Chelle was a member of Valenciennes FC from its start time until its end time.
Abdallah Tazi, a citizen of Morocco, had a role with the Moroccan national football team from its start time until an end time.
Jamurki Union is an instance of union councils in Bangladesh and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Mirzapur Upazila.
Bombay Beach is a census-designated place located in Imperial County, California, United States.
The Tatra V570 is a car model manufactured by Tatra, and it was followed by the Tatra 97.
Nununyi is an archaeological site in the United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Martha S. Lewis, educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, has the given name Martha and the surname Lewis.
RateMyProfessors.com is a review site owned by Viacom since 2005 and operates primarily in the English language.
Partick station is adjacent to Kelvinhall subway station, which serves as a connecting point in a specific direction.
Wrestle Kingdom III is a professional wrestling event held in Japan.
Garri Kalan is a village located in Jharkhand, India.
Lilian Camberabero was a member of the France national rugby union team, with her tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Highbury & Islington station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station, which serves as a connecting line towards other destinations.
Spigen is a business that was founded on January 1, 2004, and has its headquarters in Irvine, California.
Andy Frederick is a human who attended St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, and is a member of the Dallas Cowboys.
Diangi Matusiwa was a member of Almere City FC from its start time until its end time.
Krister Kristensson was a member of the Sweden national football team from its start time until its end time.
Russia's national anthem is "Patrioticheskaya Pesnya," though the specific start and end times for when it serves as the anthem are not provided.
Zohan Rural District is an administrative division located in Zohan District, Iran.
KLMI is a radio station located in Wyoming, United States.
Poum, Struga is a village located in North Macedonia, specifically within the Struga Municipality.
Daniel Peláez was a member of the sports team Cienciano, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Lounge Lizards, founded by John Lurie, are named after lounge lizards and are signed to E.G. Records.
American Express has a subsidiary called InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions, which had a specific operational period.
Alsódobsza is a municipality located in the Szerencs District of Hungary.
The Fiat 1400 and 1900 models are powered by petrol engines and are manufactured by Fiat Automobiles.
Dungarvan was part of the Irish Free State, which started in 1922 and ended in 1937.
Cedric Scott is a human who was educated at the University of Southern Mississippi and is a member of the Scottish Claymores.
The Bulloo Developmental Road is a street located in Queensland, Australia.
Austin Hayes was a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team from its start time until its end time.
Gustavo Nery was a member of the Coritiba Foot Ball Club, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Khalfan Ibrahim was a member of the Qatar national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
David Trapp was a member of the Belize Defence Force FC from a start time to an end time.
Antonio (or Anton) Powolny is a human who is a member of the Vienna Sportclub.
Kitanzini is a ward located in the Iringa Urban District of Tanzania.
Chucklefish is a video game developer headquartered in London, operating in the video game industry.
Janków is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Domaniów.
Irish Pictorial Weekly is a television series that began airing on RTÉ One on November 29, 2012.
The John Neely House, located in the United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Irfan Pathan was a member of the India national cricket team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Wiggles Pty Ltd, an Australian business, was founded in 1991.
Athribis is an archaeological site located in Egypt.
Armando Vajushi was a member of the sports team A.C. ChievoVerona during a specific period, though the exact start and end times are not provided.
Mamadi Sangare is a member of the sports team FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Cavedog Entertainment is a subsidiary of Humongous Entertainment, with its operational period defined by a start and end time.
Alejandro Hisis was a member of Club Deportivo Palestino from its start time until its end time.
Yury Mironov was a member of the sports team FC Khimik-Arsenal, with his start and end times recorded for the team.
Pristina was located in the Socialist Autonomous Province of Kosovo, which had a start time but no specified end time.
Portland Harbour is a port located in Dorset, United Kingdom.
Zulfiqar Babar was a member of the Quetta Bears team from its start time until its end time.
Abdul Shamsid-Deen was a member of the Vaqueros de Bayamón team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Naldo, the footballer born in 1988, was a member of Oeste Futebol Clube from its start time until its end time.
CITIC Limited's headquarters is located in Hong Kong, which is a country, and the company began trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Gerard Bergholtz was a member of Feyenoord from a start time to an end time.
Gulran is a human settlement located in Gulran District, Afghanistan.
The International Catholic Migration Commission, an organization founded in 1951, has its headquarters in Geneva.
The Ulli Beier Museum, founded by Ulli Beier, is a museum located in Nigeria.
Catskill Game Farm, an zoo located in the United States, was established in 1933.
Sergio Marcon was a member of Udinese Calcio from its start time until its end time.
Emilio, a Spanish footballer, was a member of the Spain national under-19 football team, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Joypul is a human settlement located in the North 24 Parganas district of India.
Hardus Viljoen was a member of the Multan Sultans team, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Moama Football Club is an Australian association football club.
The New General Service List is a list published on March 2013, based on the General Service List.
Sergio Velazquez, a footballer born in 1952, was a member of the Los Angeles Aztecs team from its start time until its end time.
Ren DeGaris held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia with a specific start and end time.
HMS Icarus (1885) is a ship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom.
Koulmasga is a human settlement located in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
Jérôme Gondorf was a member of the sports team ASV Durlach from its start time until its end time.
Ari Kelman was educated at the University of Wisconsin—Madison, where he earned an academic degree.
Deh Now-e Esahaqabad is a village located in the Central District of Narmashir County, Iran.
The Munda languages, a language family described by the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia, are a subclass of the Austroasiatic languages.
Serhiy Borysenko was a member of the sports team FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Andrzej Bednarz was a member of the sports team Zob Ahan SC, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Vilafrancada was a rebellion that took place in Portugal in 1823.
Handvo, a food from India, is made with wheat flour.
Fuentes del Valle is a human settlement located in the State of Mexico, Mexico.
Igor Uralyov was a member of FC Amkar Perm, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
ColecoVision is a home video game console manufactured by Coleco, which was discontinued in 1985.
Pentland Township is a township in Luce County, Michigan, United States.
Samsara Blues Experiment is a German band that plays hard rock.
Daniel Bennett played for Woodlands Wellington FC, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Zeka Goore is a member of the sports team Telephonat Beni Suef SC, though the start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Dunfermline High School is a secondary school located in Fife, United Kingdom.
Taza Chocolate, a chocolaterie, was founded in 2006 and has its headquarters in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The Takasaki Line connects with the Yamanote Line.
Muthana Khalid was a member of the sports team Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, with a start and end time for his membership.
Pasionaria is a TV series distributed by Cisneros Media and originally produced in the Spanish language.
The 1987 Big South Conference Men's Basketball Tournament is a season of basketball that took place starting on January 1, 1987.
We Heart It is a website that was launched in 2011 and has its headquarters in San Francisco.
Dimbulah, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Hill, which started with a specific role assignment.
New Gurgaon is a village located in Haryana, India.
Watson Township is a township in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.
Andrei Panfyorov was a member of FC Torpedo Moscow, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
The Woman's Temperance Publishing Association, a business founded in 1879, has its headquarters in Illinois.
Marcelo Elizaga was a member of Quilmes Atlético Club from its start time until its end time.
Curious Brewing is a brewery that was founded in 2011 and is based in the United Kingdom.
A Seventh Man is a written work authored by John Berger and published on January 1, 1975.
Suat Okyar was a member of the sports team Pendikspor from its start time until its end time.
Billy Vunipola was a member of the England national under-20 rugby union team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Theodore von Kármán received the ASME Medal at a specific point in time, conferred by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
The Homestead Harmonizers, an American choir, was founded in 1988.
Roman Slavnov was a member of FC Moscow from a start time to an end time.
Guido Carrillo was a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The 2015 Melton Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2015.
Mariano González was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Northcourt Manor is an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
The Finance Centre is a skyscraper located in Taguig, Philippines.
Ryta Górka is a village located in Poland, specifically within the administrative territory of Gmina Nozdrzec.
Deutsche Schule Bilbao, established in 1917, is located in Bilbao, Spain.
Escape from China is a book authored by Zhang Boli and was published on January 1, 1998.
Bassey William Andem was a member of the Union Douala sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Celso Borges was a member of AIK Fotboll from a start time to an end time.
The Hardest Day is a part of the Battle of Britain and took place in England, which is part of the United Kingdom.
Tansèga in Boudry is a human settlement located in the Boudry Department of Burkina Faso.
Leopold Gernhardt was a member of the sports team SK Rapid Wien, with his start and end times recorded.
Mor Dahan was a member of the Israel national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for her participation are not provided.
When My Husband Kisses Me features Susana Campos and Santiago Rebull in its cast and is from Argentina.
95th Street in Manhattan is maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and is located in the United States.
Gilberto Machado was a member of the Honduras national football team from its start time until its end time.
Sakado Castle is a Japanese castle located in Minamiuonuma, Japan.
Mikhail Trukhlov was a member of the sports team FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin, with a start and end time for his membership.
Springfield Interchange is an interchange located in Virginia, United States.
Reza Jabbari was a member of F.C. Aboumoslem from its start time until its end time.
St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School in Sulthan Bathery, India, was established in 1977 and is a school.
The 2013 Salisbury City Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2013.
The Ku Music Asian Music Awards, a music award founded in 2015, is based in China.
Mapili is a human settlement located in the Myitkyina District of Myanmar.
Meskiana District is a district located in Oum El Bouaghi Province, Algeria.
Natascha Kohnen was born in Munich, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Germany.
Edgaras is a male given name written in Latin script and is used in the Lithuanian language.
Vovkovatytsia is a village in Ukraine, located in the Brody Raion administrative territorial entity.
Lake Owassa is a lake located in Frankford Township, New Jersey, United States.
Kruszka is a village in Poland, located in the administrative and territorial entity of Gmina Chojnice.
WPXC-TV is a television station that began operations in 1990 and is based in the United States.
The Life and Times of Eddie Roberts is an American television sitcom.
Thorsager is a town located in Syddjurs Municipality, Denmark.
Hugh Howie was a member of the Scotland national football team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Ura Gewog is a Gewog located in the Bumthang District of Bhutan.
LatinWorks, a business founded in 1998, has its headquarters in Austin, Texas.
Sky Aviation (Sierra Leone) is an airline based in Sierra Leone with its hub at Lungi International Airport.
Singha Sports Club is a Sri Lankan cricket team that plays first-class cricket.
The Nails is a band from the United States that performs new wave music.
The South Devon Railway locomotive Taurus is operated by the South Devon Railway Company, with its service starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Making a Living, produced by Keystone Studios, features cast members Minta Durfee and Charles Inslee.
Nsangi is a human settlement located in the Wakiso District of Uganda.
Alexis Gritchenko worked in Paris from a start time to an end time.
The Jakarta-Merak Toll Road, which was inaugurated in 1984, is a road located in Indonesia.
Adel Nefzi was a member of the sports team US Monastir, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Hoffman Bridge is a covered bridge located in Crabtree, Oregon, United States.
Maxime Chanot was a member of the Le Mans FC sports team from its start time until its end time.
Jannaram in Enkoor mandal is a village located in the Khammam district of India.
The Royal Tramp, a production from Hong Kong, is set during the Qing dynasty and features Ng Man-tat in its cast.
Filippos Darlas was a member of the Greece national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Albert Hall in Nottingham is an architectural structure designed by Albert Edward Lambert in the Baroque Revival style.
Giuseppe Miccolis was a member of FC Lugano, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Heart South Devon is a radio station that began operations in 1999 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Macroplaza Mall is located in Texas, United States, and was inaugurated in 1982.
QuickBird was involved in a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
Ron Kind was educated at the London School of Economics, where he obtained an academic degree.
Tekstilshchiki District is a district of Moscow, located in the South-Eastern Administrative Okrug, Russia.
Jeroen Lambers was a member of FC Groningen from the start time to the end time.
Llanmiloe is a village located in Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
H.V. Hordern was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Radio Research Consortium, a business founded in 1981, has its headquarters in Olney, Maryland.
Molkom is an urban area located in Sweden, specifically within the Karlstad Municipality.
Matt Koalska played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Luk Bawan is a village located in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
The National Chamber of Exporters of Sri Lanka, an organization founded in 1986, has its headquarters in Colombo.
Athens was the capital of the Kingdom of Greece, which had a start time and an end time.
The Barry Railway Class E locomotives were manufactured by Hudswell Clarke, with production starting and ending at unspecified times.
Ebeotsu Station is adjacent to Takikawa Station and serves as a connecting point towards its line.
Dragoș Plopeanu was a member of the sports team CS Inter Gaz București, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Kevin Stevens played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Lower Truro is a human settlement located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Jumia Travel, a business founded in 2013, has its headquarters in Lagos.
Paul Wolters, a member of the German Archaeological Institute and holder of a habilitation, is buried at Alter Friedhof in Bonn.
Juan Andrés Larré was a member of C.A. Bella Vista from its start time until its end time.
George Baker held the position of President of the Family Division, with a specific start and end time.
Maynard Ashcroft was a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Evgeni Malkin received the Art Ross Trophy at a certain point in time.
Jean Carlo Witte played for the Brazilian national under-20 football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mayfly is a rock and pop band formed in 2012 in the United States.
Rafael Márquez Lugo was a member of the Mexico national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Emine Demir was a member of the Turkey women's national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for her tenure with the team are not provided.
Guangximen station is adjacent to Shaoyaoju station and serves as a connecting point on the line leading towards it.
North Eleuthera is a local government unit located in The Bahamas.
Cade's County was composed by Henry Mancini, written in the English language, and originally aired on CBS.
OneClimate, a business established in 2006, has its headquarters in London.
CINAHL is a bibliographic database published by EBSCO Industries, primarily focusing on nursing.
B-Scada is a public company headquartered in Crystal River, Florida.
Benhalima Rouane was a member of the sports team USM Blida, with a start and end time for his tenure.
The Tennis Channel Open is a tennis tournament held in Las Vegas, following the ATP Scottsdale.
Greg Wright was a member of the Staffordshire County Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Ramsey St Mary's is a village located in Cambridgeshire, United Kingdom.
The International School Bangalore, founded in 2001, is a school located in India.
Parag Tyagi, a human resident of Mumbai, is married to Shefali Zariwala.
The City Canal is a canal located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, United Kingdom.
Sam Kennedy, a footballer born in 1881, was a member of the Scotland national football team from its start time until its end time.
Orven is a cycling team based in Mexico that was founded in 2009.
Osamu Tezuka was awarded the Kodansha Manga Award for his work.
Connie Morella was educated at Boston University, where she earned an academic degree.
Campo Municipal de Aterrizaje Airport is an airport in Uruguay that serves the city of Minas.
Charles Turner, an Australian cricketer, was a member of the New South Wales cricket team from its start time to its end time.
James Wall played for the Nashville Metros, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
East Rockingham is a census-designated place located in Richmond County, North Carolina, United States.
Joy Burke is a human who competes in women's basketball, and her family name is Bao.
SULO is an Australian band that performs alternative rock and is based in Australia.
The Anniston-Oxford metropolitan area is a metropolitan statistical area located in Alabama, United States.
Weerawut Kayem was a member of the Thailand national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Djamal Mahamat was a member of the sports team S.C. Beira-Mar, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Ramapuram Sree Rama Temple is located in the Kottayam district of India and is an instance of a temple.
John S. Knight received the Maria Moors Cabot Prizes in a specific point in time.
BancABC, a business entity, was founded in 1997 and has its headquarters in Gaborone.
Wanne Observation Tower is an observation tower located in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany.
Payless Cashways is a retail business headquartered in Missouri.
Crepulje mine is a mine in Kosovo that produces lead.
Pedro Almeida, a footballer born in 1993, was a member of S.C.U. Torreense from a start time of [O] to an end time of [O].
Rajinder Kumar was a member of the Indian Arrows football team, with his tenure starting and ending during his time with the team.
Keith Reddin was educated at Northwestern University, where he earned an academic degree.
Timber Lake Playhouse is a theatrical troupe located in Illinois, United States.
Arne Friedrich was a member of the sports team SC Verl, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Breach Candy is a neighborhood located in Mumbai, India.
Paul Weatherwax is a botanist and a human named Paul Weatherwax.
The Statenvertaling, published in 1637, is an edition of the Bible.
Bairabi is a human settlement located in the Kolasib district of India.
Sadao Fuchigami is a human who is a member of the Social Democratic Party in Japan and speaks the Japanese language.
The Conventicle Act, which applied to Sweden, had a start time and an end time in Sweden.
Eduard Koptily was a member of FC Shinnik Yaroslavl, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mike Garrett played for the Kalamazoo Kangaroos soccer team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Akil Blount is a member of the Orlando Apollos, and he started playing for the team at a specific time, with a position or specialty defined on the team.
Dhaner Dam is a dam located on the Tapti River in India.
Anzal is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
HealthLinkBC is an organization that was established in 2001 and operates in Canada.
Yevhen Seleznyov was a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Francis Joseph played for K.R.C. Genk, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Alexander Kruglov was born in Veliky Ustyug, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Henri Bienvenu was a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, with a start and end time for his membership.
Yana Troyanova received the Kinotavr award at a specific point in time.
Kumar Navale is a human who participated in the 1920 Summer Olympics for India.
Ilia Spiridonov was born in Kazan, which is located in the Republic of Tatarstan, a federal subject of Russia.
Viv Richards was a member of the Combined Islands cricket team, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Mud Lake in Warren, New York, is a lake located in the United States.
The 2000 Rugby Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in the year 2000.
Ivan Romanchuk was a member of the sports team MFC Kremin Kremenchuk, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Igor Shitov was a member of the Belarus national under-19 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The Kodi Amman Temple is a Hindu temple located in Tamil Nadu, India.
Ese Odo is a local government area located in Ondo State, Nigeria.
Westport High School is a high school located in Westport, Massachusetts, United States.
Gleb Boglayevskiy was a member of the FC Amkar Perm sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
"A Gang Story" was filmed in Lyon, starting and ending at specific times in the city.
Jonathan Wilmet is a member of the sports team K.M.S.K. Deinze, and he was part of an acquisition transaction with the team.
Ronaldo Pompeu was a member of the sports team S.S. Lazio, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Tamatoa Tetauira is a midfielder who plays for A.S. Dragon (Tahiti) and is a human.
Take Wing is a Thoroughbred horse born in 1938 in the United States.
Sharif Kandi is a village located in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Mike Brown, a safety for the Kansas City Chiefs, played with the team from a start time to an end time.
Cormorant Cave is a cave located in Gibraltar, United Kingdom.
Ravi Opi is a Village Development Committee located in Kavrepalanchok District, Nepal.
Duncan Ross is a Scottish politician who is a member of the Scottish National Party. His given name is Duncan and his family name is Ross.
Current Shorthand, invented by Henry Sweet in 1892, is a type of shorthand.
Vaidotai railway station is a train station located in the administrative territorial entity of Vilnius, Lithuania.
Koluel Kayke is a municipality located in the Deseado Department of Argentina.
Washburn School is a school located in Washburn, Tennessee, United States.
Jahada is a village development committee located in Nawalparasi District, Nepal.
The 2nd Battalion (Norway) was established in 2003 and is a battalion of the Norwegian military.
Nikola Gligorov was a member of the sports team Alki Larnaca FC, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Gehri Buttar is a village located in the Bathinda district of India.
Kennford is a village located in Kenn, Devon, United Kingdom.
Mountview Cemetery in Billings, Montana is a cemetery located in the United States.
"Down in It" was written by Trent Reznor and is from the United States, followed by the song "Head Like a Hole."
The Kakamigahara Air and Space Museum, an instance of a science museum, was inaugurated on March 23, 1996, in Japan.
Baden bei Wien was part of the Austrian Empire from its start time until its end time.
Beijing Midi School of Music, an instance of a music school, was founded in 1993 in China.
Sebastian Pelzer was a member of Dynamo Dresden from a start time to an end time.
West Peculiar Township in Cass County, Missouri, is part of the list of townships in Missouri and is located in the United States within Cass County.
B.R. Ambedkar authored the book "Castes in India: Their Mechanism, Genesis and Development," which is written in the English language.
Gustavo Noboa worked at Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil from a start time to an end time.
The Alexander Hotel in Reidsville, Georgia, is a hotel located in the United States.
Li Fusheng was a member of the China national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Tarmoola Station is a human settlement located in Western Australia, Australia.
Dainkwan is a village located in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Mariella Lotti was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Oleg Morozov, a footballer born in 1966, was a member of FC Fakel Voronezh from a start time to an end time.
Izunna Uzochukwu is a midfielder who plays for FC Midtjylland.
GovHack is a recurring event that began in 2009.
Dines, Wyoming is a ghost town located in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States.
Mitchell Creek is a stream located in South Dakota, United States.
Aleksandr Zobnin was a member of FC Zvezda Irkutsk, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Worcester city walls, located in the administrative territorial entity of Worcester, United Kingdom, are an instance of defensive walls.
Pyatigorsk was located in the Caucasus Governorate, which had a start and end time.
Norley Hall is an English country house listed as a Grade II building in the United Kingdom.
The Brooks County Public Library is a public library in the United States and is part of the Georgia Public Library Service.
Hedeyli in Hayrabolu is a human settlement located in Turkey.
Scott Cuthbert was a member of the Scotland national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
AMC-3 was involved in a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
New Dublin Voices, a choir formed in 2005, was established in Dublin.
Moreno Costanzo was a member of the sports team FC St. Gallen, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
The 2006 Cambridge municipal election was a Canadian municipal election held in 2006.
Chico Ramos is a member of FC Porto and participated in football at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He also played for the Portugal national under-17 football team.
Pablo Rotchen was a member of the Argentina national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
W.P.C. Davies was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Vincent Bessat was a member of the sports team FC Metz, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
KSGM is a radio station located in Missouri, United States.
The Lizzie Robinson House is a building located in Nebraska, United States.
The 2007 Wyre Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Cristian Martins Cabral was a member of Itumbiara Esporte Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Elm Park tube station is adjacent to Dagenham East tube station, which is on the connecting line towards Dagenham East.
Maarten van Garderen was a member of the Modena Volley team from its start time until its end time.
Joseph Alioto was educated at Saint Mary's College of California, where he earned an academic degree.
Artem Shtanko was a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Michel Alves was a member of Sport Club Internacional, starting and ending at specific times.
Latimer Road tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station and connects to it, with a specific end time for the connection.
Jamie-Jerry Taulagi was a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Peter Millar played for the Phoenix Inferno, with his stint starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Oliver Beer is a member of the FC Bayern Munich II team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Belgium participated in the UEFA European Championship as a nation in association football.
Joseph Laumann was a member of the sports team VfB Lübeck, with his start and end times recorded for the team.
Llapo District is a district located in the Pallasca Province of Peru.
Sesalac is a village located in Serbia, within the administrative territory of Sokobanja.
Hutchinson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge located in North Dakota, United States.
Amashca District is a district located in Carhuaz Province, Peru.
The 1971 South Pacific Touring Series is a season of sports competitions held in Australia in 1971.
The South Wales Amateur League, an association football league, was founded in 1946.
Carlos Brathwaite was a member of the Delhi Capitals team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Diego Rangel was a member of Palamós CF from its start time until its end time.
The 2010 Bassetlaw District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Andrei Panyukov was a member of the Russia national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Chinthaka Jayasinghe was a member of the Chilaw Marians Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Sitgreaves House, a house located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Adamczowice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Klimontów.
Aleksei Tyurgashkin was a member of FC Spartak Kostroma, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Gonzalo Damian Marronkle was a member of F.C. Marco from its start time until its end time.
The Chelsea School District is a school district located in Michigan, United States.
Vryotopos is a human settlement located in the Tyrnavos Municipality, Greece.
Nicola Rigoni was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Vasco Matos was a member of the sports team S.C. Olhanense, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Kandola Khurd is a village located in the Jalandhar district of India.
St Joseph's High School in Crossmaglen, Northern Ireland, was founded in 1961 and is similar to a high school in North America.
Kao Yip Middle School, founded in 1910, is a school located in China.
Frank Cremeans was educated at Ohio University, where he earned an academic degree.
Globo plc, a business established in 1997, has its headquarters in London.
Lenny Jacobson is a human with the given name Lenny and the surname Jacobson.
Kotlovka District is a district of Moscow, located in the South-Western Administrative Okrug of Russia.
Ping Pong Entertainment, a filmmaking company based in Bangladesh, was founded in 2014.
Aleister Crowley authored "The Book of Thoth," which was published on March 21, 1944, and is a written work.
The 2016 Wind Energy Holding Bangkok Open tennis tournament took place in Bangkok from August 29 to September 4, 2016.
Mars Area School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Seaman Stadium is a stadium located in Alberta, Canada.
Hennadiy Popovych was a member of the sports team FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, with a start and end time for his membership.
Kjell Kaspersen was a member of the Norway national football team from its start time until its end time.
Abraham Laboriel speaks and writes Spanish, and his son is Abe Laboriel Jr. He is also a bass guitarist.
100 Women in Hedge Funds, a business headquartered in New York City, was founded in 2001.
San Mar is a census-designated place located in Washington County, Maryland, United States.
Upin & Ipin originally aired on Hungama TV, where it started broadcasting and is produced in the Hindi language.
Dagon Seikkan Township is a town in Myanmar, located in the administrative territorial entity of Yangon.
Momodu Mutairu was a member of the sports team Montedio Yamagata, with a start and end time for his tenure.
McNee Ranch State Park is a California state park located in the administrative territorial entity of California, United States.
Postcards is a band from Lebanon that performs indie folk and rock and pop music.
Gordon Hill played for the Nova Scotia Clippers, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Tower Gateway DLR station is part of the Docklands Light Railway and is located at Tower Hill, with an interchange to Fenchurch Street railway station.
Marilyn Friedman works at Washington University in St. Louis, where her position and field of work are unspecified.
Ramón Latorre worked at the University of Chicago from a start time to an end time.
Nicasio School District is a school district located in California, United States.
Larry Mac Duff is a human who plays American football.
Josip Bonacin was a member of the sports team NK Dugopolje, with a start and end time for his membership.
Peter Worrell played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Axalto is a business that was founded on January 1, 2004, and has its headquarters in Paris.
Richard Magyar was a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Castle Bay is a General Service Area located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
The 2007 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament is a season of baseball that took place in 2007.
Anthony Parsons served as the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Amin Affane was a member of FC Energie Cottbus, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Carlos Humberto González was a member of Club Universidad Nacional, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Kenny MacDonald, a footballer, was a member of the Happy Valley AA team from its start time until its end time.
William Kozlowski was a member of Cuiabá Esporte Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Duncan Hodge was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Raccoon Creek is a river located in Missouri, United States.
Grobice is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Chynów.
Darius Vassell was a member of the England national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
The geothermal areas of Yellowstone are a territorial entity located within Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
Vladimir Martynenko was born in Kiev, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Ukraine.
Léo Lima was a member of FC Porto, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Real Heroes Award, an award established in 2008, is given in India.
Joseph Melling worked in Strasbourg from a start time to an end time.
Ex-Muslims of North America is an organization that was founded on September 28, 2013, in the United States.
Johnny Sack is a television character performed by Vincent Curatola and appears in The Sopranos.
Our Lady's College in Hong Kong was founded in 1952 and is a secondary school in China.
"The Morning Never Came" is a song written and composed by Juha Raivio, performed in the English language.
Vitali Yelsukov was a member of FC Krasnoznamensk, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
The Wisconsin State Baseball League, an instance of a sports league, was inceptioned in 1970 and plays baseball.
San Ardo Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
The Cadillac Gage Peacekeeper II was designed and manufactured by Textron Marine & Land Systems in the United States.
Ivaylo Kirov was a member of the sports team FC Velbazhd Kyustendil, with a start and end time for his membership.
Nikita Bezlikhotnov was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Mary E. Moss Academy is an educational institution located in Maryland, United States.
Warley Silva dos Santos was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, though the start and end times of his tenure are not specified.
Doci is a human settlement located in Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
John Algeo was educated at the University of Miami, where he earned an academic degree.
Stanton Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States.
Wayne Simonds is a human who plays for the Wests Panthers sports team.
Thierry Bayock was a member of the sports team R.R.F.C. Montegnée, with a start and end time for his membership.
Salvador Salguero was a member of FBC Melgar from a start time to an end time.
Alessandra Cianchetta was educated at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia, earning an academic degree during a specific point in time.
Adrian Madaschi was a member of Jeju United FC from its start time until its end time.
Alan Phillips played for Cardiff RFC, with a start time and end time for his tenure on the team.
Doublebois is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Dobwalls and Trewidland.
Zapatismo is a social movement in Mexico named after Emiliano Zapata.
Ponhea Kraek District is a district located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.
Federico Crovari was a member of the sports team Calcio Padova, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
TransNamib, which began operations in 1895, is a railway company in Namibia with a track gauge of 3 ft 6 in.
The +2's is a Brazilian band belonging to the rock and pop genres.
Vladislav Duyun was a member of FC Spartak Moscow, starting and ending his tenure with the team at specific times.
Veliko Golovode is a human settlement located in Serbia.
Bartosz Rymaniak was a member of the sports team KS Cracovia, with his start and end times recorded.
Vittorio Casaretti was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The Yokosuka E14Y is an aircraft family from Japan, operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Brad Smith was a member of the Cincinnati Silverbacks from its start time until its end time.
Gisela of France was a member of the Carolingian dynasty who had a sibling, Louis IV of France, and a spouse named Rollo.
EBC Hochschule, an business school established in 2007, is located in Neustadt, Hamburg.
The Submarine Escape Training Facility in Australia was established on January 1, 1987, and is located in Western Australia.
Derek B. Miller was educated at both the University of Geneva and Sarah Lawrence College, and he speaks and writes in English.
Rosdi Talib was a member of the Pahang FA sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
The LNER Thompson Class A2/3 operated by the London and North Eastern Railway had a start time and an end time for its service.
Cesidio Colasante was a member of the Hershey Wildcats sports team from its start time until its end time.
Man Thet is a human settlement located in Hkamti District, Myanmar.
Hylton Colliery is a coal mine located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
The Jubilee Bridge is a railway bridge in India that crosses the Hooghly River.
AEP Paphos FC won the Cypriot Second Division.
The 2015 Atlantic 10 Conference Baseball Tournament is a season of baseball that took place in 2015.
Przydawki is a village located in Poland and is part of the Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory administrative territorial entity.
Florinel Mirea was a member of the sports team FC U Craiova 1948, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Kingstone School, founded in 1978, is a school located in the United Kingdom.
Robert Mugabe held the position of Prime Minister of Zimbabwe from its start time until its end time.
The 1976 NAIA Men's Basketball Tournament is a season of basketball that began on January 1, 1976.
The Guduvaiyar River is a river located in Tamil Nadu, India.
Clever Lane Montessori School, founded in 2000, is a school located in the Philippines.
Dariusz Romuzga was a member of the sports team Hutnik Nowa Huta, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Birla Sun Life Asset Management, a business owned by the Aditya Birla Group, was founded in 1994.
José Luis Deus was a member of the Spain national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Terminal Reality is a privately held company in the video game industry, formed in Dallas.
The Midland Railway 990 Class locomotives were manufactured at Derby Works, with production starting and ending at specific times.
Satwas is a human settlement located in the Dewas district of India.
Timpendean Tower is a castle located in the Scottish Borders, United Kingdom.
Kenroy Peters was a member of the Windward Islands cricket team, with a start and end time for his involvement on the team.
Spruce Creek Township, located in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, is a township within the United States.
Mohammad Nami was a member of Al-Fateh SC from its start time until its end time.
Bristol Mountain Ski Resort is a ski resort located in New York, United States.
Classic Vinyl, an instance of a radio station, was launched on January 1, 2002, and is owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Michael Schimpelsberger was a member of the Austria national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Dark Lord of Derkholm is written in English and published by Victor Gollancz Ltd, followed by Year of the Griffin.
Cookstown Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada.
Wote is a human settlement located in Makueni County, Kenya.
KOKZ is a radio station located in Iowa, United States.
Analysis of Functional NeuroImages is a free software used in scientific research, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Trimax Mowing Systems, a business founded in 1981, has its headquarters in Tauranga.
Kamal Ibrahim played for Port Melbourne SC, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Kusgaon Budruk is a human settlement located in Pune district, India.
Kiwa Creek is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada.
Crosshill is a district located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Samuel Montefiore Waxman earned a Bachelor of Arts at a point in time.
Cleiton Xavier was a member of FC Metalist Kharkiv from its start time until its end time.
Oil City is an unincorporated community located in Yazoo County, Mississippi, United States.
Valter Birsa was a member of ND Gorica from a start time to an end time.
Clear Creek Township in Jasper County, Iowa is a township located in the United States.
Edward Jackett was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
John Byrne is a human musician who plays the guitar.
Glenys Page was a member of the Auckland Hearts team from its start time until its end time.
The Runestaff, originating from the United States, is written in English and follows The Sword of the Dawn.
Watty Allan is a human who has been a member of both Kettering Town F.C. and Blackpool F.C.
Hakusan Station, which opened on June 30, 1972, is connected to the Toei Mita Line and is adjacent to Kasuga Station.
Westlands Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station located in California, United States.
Wim Hofkens was a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren from its start time until its end time.
Joy Schoonhoven is a human who is a member of the sports team Almere City FC.
Arlington is a neighbourhood located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Ludwig Bründl was a member of Eintracht Braunschweig, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Gerald Holton received the George Sarton Medal, was advised by Percy Williams Bridgman for his Ph.D., and holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Cosmo Oil Company is a petroleum industry company organized as a Kabushiki gaisha and is a member of the Petroleum Association of Japan.
Miramar is located in Weinheim, with the event starting and ending within Weinheim's timeframe.
Stringston is a civil parish located in the administrative territorial entity of West Somerset, United Kingdom.
Trace McSorley was a member of the Penn State Nittany Lions from a start time to an end time.
Christopher Cox was educated at the University of Southern California, where he earned an academic degree.
Felice Fanetti's citizenship in Italy started at a certain time and ended at another time.
Ryan Patel is a human who plays for the Surrey County Cricket Club. His given name is Ryan.
Thurl Ravenscroft voiced the character role of the part he played in the 1951 film "Alice in Wonderland."
Marcelo Cordeiro was a member of Clube Atlético Bragantino, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Bordertown, an American TV series, was broadcast in American English on the Fox Broadcasting Company starting on January 3, 2016.
The West Gervais Street Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Longchaeng District is a district located in Xaisomboun Province, Laos.
Victor Bolt was a member of Madureira Esporte Clube, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Ion Adrian Zare was a member of the sports team Pécsi MFC, with a start and end time for his membership.
Wellington Koo was a citizen of the Qing dynasty during its reign, from its start time to its end time.
Milford, a village in the United Kingdom, is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belper.
The 2008 Liga Indonesia Premier Division Final was a football match that took place in Indonesia in 2008.
Palazzo Di Gregorio is a building located in Alcamo, Italy.
Nikolaos Nakas was a member of TSV Crailsheim from a start time to an end time.
Chris Tancill played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Arthur Kingscote was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
Glen Riddle Farm is a geographical feature located in Maryland, United States.
Dmitri Akimov was a member of the FC Metallurg Lipetsk sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Theresa Creek Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia.
Peribit Networks is a business that was founded in 2000 and is based in the United States.
North Thurston Public Schools is a school district located in Thurston County, Washington, United States.
Caryae was an ancient city in Arcadia during the time of Ancient Greece.
Andrés Sabido was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Shane Smeltz was a member of Wellington Phoenix FC from its start time until its end time.
Vladimir Malakhov played for PFC Dynamo Stavropol, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Richard Pellejero was a member of Club Nacional de Football, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Deniz Aycicek was a member of MSV Duisburg II from a start time to an end time.
Pind Purana is a village located in the Gurdaspur district of India.
Kota Fukatsu was a member of the sports team Kashiwa Reysol, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Charles Edward Brooke School is a grammar school located in Camberwell, United Kingdom.
Jamie Field is a human who is a member of the sports team Wakefield Trinity.
Richmond Road in Sydney is a road located in New South Wales, Australia.
Hathersage Road is a street located in Sheffield, United Kingdom.
Emlyn Davies was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Stanley Aborah, a footballer born in 1969, was a member of Seongnam FC from its start time until its end time.
The Soho Line is a railway line in North Korea, officially opened on December 15, 1936.
Davoud Haghi was a member of the sports team Zob Ahan SC, with a start and end time for his membership.
BETC is a business that was founded in 1995 and has its headquarters in Paris.
Christ University's headquarters is located in Bangalore, India.
Survival! is an English-language edition published by Baen Books.
The Taff Vale Railway H class operated by the Taff Vale Railway had a start time and an end time for its operation.
Fred Hoiberg was a member of the Indiana Pacers from a start time to an end time.
Severo Cominelli held Italian citizenship from a start time until an end time.
Kanstantsin Sivtsov was a member of the Team Ineos cycling team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Wim Bleijenberg was a member of FC Wageningen, starting and ending his tenure during specific times.
Borja Granero is a member of the sports team Valencia CF Mestalla, with a start and end time for his tenure at the club.
Cairnorrie is a village located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Kunzer is a human settlement located in the Baramulla district of India.
The Embassy of the State of Palestine in North Korea is an embassy operated by the State of Palestine in North Korea.
Yalta was part of the Soviet Union from its start time until its end time.
Embankment tube station is adjacent to the Bakerloo line.
Jonathan Asp was a member of the Sweden national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Andrey Aleksanenkov was a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with his start and end times recorded.
Westgate High School is a high school in the United States, part of the Iberia Parish School System.
Paragould School District is a school district located in Arkansas, United States.
John Martis was a member of the Scotland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Crispino e la comare, composed by Federico Ricci and libretted by Francesco Maria Piave, had its first performance on February 28, 1850.
The Vancouver Japanese Language School, founded on January 1, 1906, is a school located in Canada.
India Square is a neighborhood located in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.
The Hampshire and Hampden Canal is a canal located in Massachusetts, United States.
Spilhaus Inlet is a fjord located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Hoi Choi is an Indian film starring Rahul Banerjee and Priyanka Sarkar.
Margot Gerritsen works at Stanford University in a position she has held since a certain start time.
Marjorie Villis is a female human.
King George Hall in Kolar Gold Fields is a city hall located in India within the administrative territory of Kolar Gold Fields.
James Franklin played for Essex County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
John Slattery won the Satellite Award for Best Cast in a Television Series.
Bitburg Middle-High School, founded in 1956, is a high school (North American style) located in Germany.
Ingrave is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Herongate and Ingrave.
Igor José Marigo de Castro was a member of Yokohama FC from its start time until its end time.
Albert Eschenmoser received the Welch Award in Chemistry, which was awarded to him at a specific point in time and recognizes his affiliation with the award.
The Kapilesvara Siva Temple is a Hindu temple located in Bhubaneswar, India.
Kahelabad is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
Sylvia Smit was a member of FC Twente Vrouwen from a start time to an end time.
Frank Paulus was a member of the sports team SC Borea Dresden, starting and ending at specific times.
On February 5, 1956, Juan Manuel Fangio won the 1956 Buenos Aires Grand Prix, a significant sporting event.
The 2003 McDonald's All-American Boys Game is a season of basketball that took place in 2003.
Mount Wudinna is a mountain located in South Australia, Australia.
Khandashi is a village located in Pune district, India.
Gertrude Himmelfarb received a Guggenheim Fellowship in a specific point in time.
Jacques Stroweis was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for his work, which is the subject of a statement.
Animal Control Products Limited, a business established in 1991, has its headquarters in Whanganui.
Lawrence Summers was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning an academic degree there.
Andrey Pyshnik was a member of the sports team FC RUOR Minsk, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Edward Nicholson worked as a librarian for the Bodleian Library, though the end time of his role is not specified.
Amrhut is a village located in the Central District of Chabahar County, Iran.
The Fourth Ministry of Machine Building was established in 1963 in China and was dissolved in 1993.
Federico Agliardi was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Avondale Road railway station, located in New Zealand, is a train station that officially opened in 1881.
Michihiro Yasuda was a member of the Japan national under-23 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Starring Tracy Beaker is in the English language and follows The Dare Game, with The Story of Tracy Beaker coming after it.
Jan van der Veen was a member of Sparta Rotterdam from a start time to an end time.
Peter Stent worked in London, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Serafim Mihaylov was a member of FC Spartak Plovdiv, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Roger Guerreiro was a member of Esporte Clube Juventude from a start time to an end time.
The Neath & District League, an association football league, was established in 1931.
Kobe-Sannomiya Station is the starting point of the Port Island Line, operated by the line's operator, with a specific start time for the Port Island Line service.
Warm Springs is a city located in Meriwether County, Georgia, United States.
Diogo Correa de Oliveira was a member of Santos FC from the start time to the end time.
Jussi Nuorela was a member of PSV Eindhoven, starting and ending at specific times.
Sinaut is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Keriam, Tutong, in Brunei.
Tupiniquins Ecological Station, an ecological station in Brazil, was established on January 1, 1986.
Thibault Moulin was a member of the sports team Stade Malherbe Caen, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Marat Voranaw was a member of the FC Orsha sports team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Liam Dawson was a member of the Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club from its start time until its end time.
Roman Adamov was a member of the sports team FC Sibir Novosibirsk, with a start and end time for his membership.
José Antonio Vélez was a member of FC Andorra, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
The Sea Installer is a ship manufactured by COSCO and is based in Denmark.
Seelampur is a constituency of the Delhi Legislative Assembly located in Delhi, India.
Krzysztof Król was a member of Real Madrid CF from its start time until its end time.
Run Boy Run is a band from the United States that performs rock, pop, and bluegrass music.
Issa Sarr was a member of the sports team ASC Diaraf, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
George Hughes played for the England national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Nazim Ajiev was a member of the sports team FC Orto-Nur Sokuluk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Promise, Sade's album in English, follows Diamond Life and is followed by Stronger Than Pride.
Carl Valeri was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
West Green is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the Hart District.
Eric Gioia is educated at New York University.
Michael Bevan was a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
Tenema N'Diaye is a member of Al Wahda FC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Imagining the Balkans is a book authored by Maria Todorova and was published on January 1, 1997.
The LNWR Class B was manufactured by Crewe Works, with production starting and ending at specific times.
Beretra Bevoay is a commune located in the Farafangana district of Madagascar.
Michael Liendl was a member of FK Austria Wien, starting and ending his tenure with the team at specific times.
The Genesee and Water Street Railroad, an American railway line, was established on January 1, 1865.
The Birmingham Bulls is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Stade Boy Konen is a sports venue in Luxembourg where rugby union is played.
Graeme White was a member of the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mokrelipie is a village located in the administrative territory of Gmina Radecznica, Poland.
Johan Malcolm was a member of the sports team Loughborough MCC University, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Elaine Lee was a member of the New Zealand women's national football team, though the specific start and end times for her tenure with the team are not provided.
St. Brieux Airport is an airport located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ezra Vogel worked at Yale University, with a specific start and end time for his employment there.
Robert Hawkes was a member of the England national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Oumar Diaby was a member of the sports team RCO Agde, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Donald Ford was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a start and end time for his participation.
Jaipur International Airport provides scheduled service to Raja Bhoj Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Chagall, an American film, was directed by Jean Bourgoin, and the original language of the film is French.
Ogba Zoo, which was established on January 1, 1965, is a zoo located in Nigeria.
Exeter Guildhall is a Grade I listed building and a guildhall located in the United Kingdom.
Daniele Contrini was a member of the sports team Tinkoff Credit Systems, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Martin Groth was a member of the sports team Hamburger SV from its start time until its end time.
Jimmy Ashcroft is a human who plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Kanakarayan Aru is a watercourse in Sri Lanka that flows into the Chundikkulam Lagoon.
The Youngstown Patricians are an American football team based in the United States.
Raramuthirakkottai is a village located in Papanasam taluk, India.
Vladimir Lugovskoy was educated at Moscow State University and Real College in Tsarskoe Selo (School 500), and he is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.
Damada is a human settlement located in Mali, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Metoumou.
The Chicago Theatre is operated by the Columbus Association for the Performing Arts, with a specific start and end time for their management period.
The 1998 Euro Open by Nissan is a season of sports held in Spain in 1998.
Gegen Engeland is a German-language newspaper that was inceptioned in 1940.
Mark Ferner played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
The 1983 CFL season was a Canadian football competition held in 1983 in Canada.
The Guépard II XJ01, a Belgian aircraft, made its first flight on May 28, 2009.
The Ballarat Roller Derby League, an Australian sports league, was inception in 2008.
Mabel Corby is a female who was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
André Turcat received the Harmon Trophy at a specific point in time.
Angela Gerekou is married to Tolis Voskopoulos, and they began their partnership and got married at the place specified by their start time.
Tomasz Kuszczak was a member of the Poland national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Hugh Hefner was partnered with Brande Roderick, whose relationship with Hefner began at a specific start time and ended at a specific end time.
Leslie Valiant worked at Carnegie Mellon University, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
Cayetano Ré was a member of FC Barcelona, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The University of Franche-Comté is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dole, Jura, though the specific start and end times for this location are not provided.
Denilson Martins Nascimento was a member of Red Bull Brasil from its start time until its end time.
Chuck Robb was educated at the University of Virginia School of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
Rade Paprica was a member of the sports team AEP Paphos FC, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Lana Parrilla stars as the character she has in the show "The Thing You Love Most."
David Barr, an Irish cricketer, was a member of the North West Warriors team from its start time until its end time.
Giacomo Casoli was a member of the ACF Fiorentina sports team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Peter Tessem and Paul Knutsen form a duo, with each being a part of the pair.
David Paas was a member of the sports team K.R.C. Genk, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Spring Garden Township is a township in Jefferson County, Illinois, United States.
Aerodium, a company founded by Jean Saint-Germain, was established in 1979.
Yoshitaka Fujisaki was a member of the Avispa Fukuoka sports team from its start time until its end time.
Hooray for Captain Spaulding is a song composed by Bert Kalmar, published in 1928.
Kalyani railway station is adjacent to Kalyani Silpanchal railway station and connects to it in a direction towards Silpanchal.
Eduardo Gomes International Airport, named after Eduardo Gomes and opened on March 31, 1976, serves Manaus.
Katarina Witt presented "The Biggest Loser Germany" from its start time to its end time.
Adiv Chaliv is a village located in Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Eddie Butler played for the Wales national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Fawcett Properties Ltd v Buckingham CC is a legal case heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords in the United Kingdom.
Mike Figgis won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Director for his work at a specific point in time.
Rogério Pinheiro was a member of Figueirense FC from its start time until its end time.
Stefano Casagranda was a member of the sports team Bardiani -- CSF, with a specific start and end time for his affiliation.
Walter B. Sorrells Cottage is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas, United States.
Xiaoice, a chatbot developed by Microsoft, was inception on May 29, 2014.
Imtan is an archaeological site located in the Salkhad District of Syria.
Michael Jakobs was a member of VfL Bochum from a start time to an end time.
Mario Monticelli played for Italy in sport from a start time to an end time.
Gracehill is a village located in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
Devinder Shory ran as a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election for a parliamentary group in a specific electoral district.
The Strasburg Rail Road is a geographical feature located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Rockwood Township is a township in Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States.
The Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest is a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme, with a specific start time but no end time provided.
Felipe Félix was a member of S.C.U. Torreense from a start time to an end time.
El Outaya District is a district located in Biskra Province, Algeria.
Richard Rodney Bennett was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score for his work, though the specific statement regarding the nomination is not provided.
Javier Mancini was a member of the Uruguay Montevideo team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Oaklyn Public School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Juan Robledo was a member of Santiago Wanderers from a start time to an end time.
Federico Kammerichs was a member of Club Ourense Baloncesto, with a start and end time for his club affiliation.
Gmina Jawornik Polski is a rural municipality located in Poland and is part of Przeworsk County.
Ayd Mill Road is a limited-access road located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.
Government Polytechnic in Mumbai, established in 1960, is an engineering school located in India.
Irakli Geperidze was a member of FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza was a member of the sports team Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural, with a start and end time for his membership.
Piotr Skrobowski was a member of the Poland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Helmut Schlesinger was the director/manager of the Deutsche Bundesbank, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Ken Akamatsu received the Kodansha Manga Award for his work at a specific point in time.
Shpola Raion was located in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, which started in 1922 and ended in 1991.
Andrea Raggi was a member of the Italy national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Ibrahim Abdelhalim Masoud is a midfielder who plays for Al-Rayyan SC and is a human.
Franz Schleiff, a human, received the Imtiyaz Medal.
Wrightwood station (CTA) is adjacent to Diversey station, which connects to a line heading in a specific direction.
The BDO World Trophy is a darts tournament organized by the British Darts Organisation.
Grant loaf is a type of bread created by Doris Grant and falls under the category of food.
Dani Ojeda was a member of Lorca FC from the start time to the end time.
Al Yasmina School, founded in 2008, is a school located in the United Arab Emirates.
Wildcat Mountain is a mountain located in Utah, United States.
The Hali-Ela Divisional Secretariat is an administrative division of Sri Lanka, located in the Badulla District.
Emil Scheel was a member of Aarhus Gymnastikforening from a start time to an end time.
165 University Avenue is a construction located in California, United States.
Vital Borkelmans was a member of the sports team K.A.A. Gent, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Grey Friar's Abbey in Stockholm, Sweden, was founded on January 17, 1201, and is an instance of a monastery.
Steve Olfers was a member of PSV Eindhoven, starting and ending at specific times.
Nelson Branch is a river located in Missouri, United States.
Poovam is a village in India, located in the Kannur district.
Chief Leschi School is a school located in Washington state, United States.
Igor Povalyayev was a member of FC Spartak Moscow, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
The Institute of Applied Physics and Computational Mathematics, a research institute located in Beijing, China, conducts applied physics and computational mathematics research.
German submarine U-409 was part of the 5th U-boat Flotilla, with a start and end time for its deployment.
The 1987 Calder Cup playoffs is a season of ice hockey that took place in 1987.
Umbrage is a vampire film from the United Kingdom, originally filmed in the English language.
Spessard Holland was a lawyer who started practicing law at an unspecified location.
Thornton-le-Beans Chapel is a Grade II listed building and a church located in the United Kingdom.
Marco Antonio Palacios was a member of the sports team Albinegros de Orizaba, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Mikel Saizar was a member of Real Sociedad B from its start time until its end time.
The Royal Welch Fusiliers march is a song in the march genre, composed by John Philip Sousa.
Edison Giménez was a member of Club Olimpia, with a start and end time for his club affiliation.
Charlie Mitten was a member of the sports team Independiente Santa Fe, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Nick Harkaway, whose notable work is "The Gone-Away World," speaks and writes in English and is the son of John le Carré.
Marcus Brown was a member of the Murray State Racers men's basketball team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Marathon des Dunes, which began in 2000, is a marathon in Algeria that falls under the sport of athletics.
Winkler Airport is an airport located in Manitoba, Canada.
The Brownstown Bombers is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Nikolai Shumov is a human who is a member of the Minsk Cycling Club's men's team.
The Davis Brothers Store, located in North Carolina, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Man with the Horn" is a song produced by Hugh Padgham, released under the Warner Music Group and Atlantic Records labels.
WOXD is a radio station located in Oxford, Mississippi, United States.
Adam Ismailov was a member of FC Dacia Chișinău, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
James Corden won the British Academy Television Award for Best Comedy Performance in recognition of his work.
Paolo Suárez was a member of the sports team Deportivo Maldonado, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Marvin van der Pluijm was a member of the sports team NAC Breda, with a start and end time for his tenure.
John Bannerman, Baron Bannerman of Kildonan, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The New Schools Network, an organization founded in 2009, has its headquarters in London.
Alessandro Matri was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Ghusian is a village located in Bihar, India.
Zafar Ali Stadium is a stadium located in Sahiwal, Pakistan.
Aleksandr Solop was a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with a start and end time for his membership.
Saint James Windward Parish is a parish in Saint Kitts and Nevis, located on the island of Nevis.
The SSETI Express Satellite underwent a significant event involving a rocket launch, which took place at a specific location and point in time.
Elsinboro Township School District is a school district located in Elsinboro Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Valour building is an office building located in Ottawa, Canada.
D.B. Wilson Generating Station is a coal-fired power station located in Kentucky, United States.
Jack Newman, an English cricketer, was a member of the England cricket team from its start time until its end time.
Ali Mejbel Fartoos was a member of Al-Shamal SC from its start time until its end time.
Nicole Ohlde was a member of the Phoenix Mercury from its start time until its end time.
Diana Ossana won the Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay for her work in 2009.
Don Tobin was a member of the Canton Invaders from its start time until its end time.
A Letter for Evie features Hume Cronyn and Marsha Hunt in its cast, with production designed by Cedric Gibbons.
The Rikuu West Line connects with the Uetsu Main Line.
Luigi Pareyson was a citizen of Italy, with his time there spanning from a start date to an end date.
Stuckey's, a business founded in 1937, has its headquarters in Eastman, Georgia.
Gabriel Christoni Leite was a member of Oeste Futebol Clube from its start time until its end time.
Dunwich Forest is a nature reserve in the United Kingdom, managed by the Suffolk Wildlife Trust.
Grand Central Terminal, designed by Warren and Wetmore, was officially opened on February 2, 1913, and is adjacent to the Harlem -- 125th Street station.
The Wheeling Stogies are a baseball team based in the United States.
Karampon is a human settlement located in the Jaffna District of Sri Lanka.
Nanukalan is a village located in Haryana, India.
T'uquyuq is a mountain located in Peru, part of the Cordillera Negra range.
Crown palaces in Sweden is a list of palaces, including Stockholm Palace, located in Sweden.
Report from Practically Nowhere is a book authored by John Sack and originates from the United States.
Katarina Hultling is married to Claes Sjöberg and partners with Albert Svanberg, and she speaks, writes, or signs in Swedish.
The T.J. Walker Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Peter Breuer worked in Berlin from a start time to an end time.
Ezio Meneghello was a member of the Inter Milan sports team from its start time until its end time.
Romain Cabannes was a member of the sports team Biarritz Olympique, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Hill House School was founded on March 27, 1958, in Knightsbridge.
Phillip Hughes was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Tymal Mills was a member of the Auckland cricket team from its start time until its end time.
Attila Kun was a member of FC UTA Arad from its start time until its end time.
Oleg Sergeyev was a member of the sports team FC Metallurg Lipetsk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Juriy Cannarsa was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with a start and end time for his membership.
Jayme Stone received the Juno Award for World Music Album of the Year at a specific point in time.
Michel Hazanavicius won the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Director for his work in 2011.
Sergei Alexeyev was born in Oryol, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Nikolai Latysh was a member of FC Spartak Moscow, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Antonio Di Gaudio is a human who is a member of the sports team Carpi F.C. 1909.
When Hell Was in Session, authored by Jeremiah Denton and published on January 1, 1976, is a book.
Cabo Gracias a Dios is a landform located in Honduras and situated next to the Caribbean Sea.
Eskatul is a human settlement located in Zebak District, Afghanistan.
Volodymyr Yezerskiy was a member of the sports team FC Karpaty-2 Lviv, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Western Metropolitan Region is an electoral region located in Victoria, Australia.
The Old School Museum is a school located in New South Wales, Australia.
Chervyen is the capital of Chervyen District, which was located in the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic and shares a border with Barysaw District.
James Debbah was a member of the sports team OGC Nice, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Otto Suhr served as the head of government in Berlin from a start time to an end time.
TEDA Holding, a business, was founded on December 1, 1984, and its headquarters is located in Tianjin.
Vallikkunnu is a constituency of the Kerala Legislative Assembly in India, located in the administrative territory of Kerala.
Kosmos 2446 underwent a significant rocket launch at a specific location and point in time.
David de la Fuente was a member of the sports team Vini Caldirola from its start time until its end time.
Adedayo Adebayo was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mick Cronin was a member of the Parramatta Eels rugby league team, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Woodroffe Avenue is a road located in Ottawa, Canada.
Dalola is a union council located in Abbottabad District, Pakistan.
The Wight Seaplane is a floatplane manufactured in the United Kingdom by J. Samuel White.
Filipe Duarte is a member of S.L. Benfica B, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Texas Hurricanes is an American football sports team based in the United States.
Giovanni Battista Tassara was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which existed from a start time to an end time.
Howick Farmhouse in Itton is a Grade II* listed building and a farmhouse located in the United Kingdom.
Industrial Promotion Services, a business established in 1963, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
Mohamed Zidan was a member of Baniyas Club from its start time until its end time.
Aberllefenni is a village located in Gwynedd, United Kingdom.
Douglas Packer was a member of Treze Futebol Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ash McGregor, a citizen of New Zealand, played for the New Zealand national rugby union team from a start time to an end time.
Igor Stravinsky received a Grammy Award for Best Orchestral Performance at a specific point in time.
Pineapple Smash Crew, developed by RichMakeGame and distributed by Valve Corporation, is available through digital distribution.
Loyalty is a song by Kendrick Lamar, with lyrics also written by Kendrick Lamar, and it is followed by New Freezer.
Gooderham / Pencil Lake Water Aerodrome is an airport located in Ontario, Canada.
Grundtvig International Secondary School, an institution founded in 1998, is located in Nigeria.
"The Devil and Daniel Webster" received the O. Henry Award, is written in English, and was published by Farrar & Rinehart.
Giovanni Lopez was a member of the sports team S.S. Lazio, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alena Amialiusik was a member of the sports team Bepink, with a start and end time for her membership.
Port Eads is an unincorporated community located in Louisiana, United States.
The Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers, an educational institution based in the United States, was inception in 1976.
Fabio Celestini was a member of Levante UD from a start time to an end time.
Joe Partridge was a member of the South Africa national cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Miguel Mostto was a member of the Peru national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Donaldo González was a member of the Panama national football team from its start time until its end time.
College station on Line 1 Yonge-University opened officially on March 30, 1954, and is adjacent to Dundas station.
Marco Freitas was a member of F.C. Felgueiras from a start time to an end time.
McGrew is a ghost town located in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States.
Davy Fitzgerald was a member of the Sixmilebridge GAA team from its start time until its end time.
Leonardo Spinazzola is a member of the sports team A.C. Perugia Calcio, and his acquisition by the team was through a start time transaction.
Kennedy Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada located in the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District.
Chappell & Co Ltd v Nestle Co Ltd is a legal case heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords in the United Kingdom.
Severino Lojodice was a member of A.S. Roma from its start time until its end time.
Bonnyville Beach is a human settlement located in Alberta, Canada.
Andrea Guerra, a footballer, was a member of S.S.D. Palermo from its start time until its end time.
Jack Atlas, who was educated at both Tufts University and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, has Jack as his given name.
R.P. Singh was a member of the Uttar Pradesh cricket team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The EMC E4, manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel, had its electro-motive diesel operations start and end at specific times.
Colyers ward is an area located in the London Borough of Bexley, United Kingdom.
Slovenia participated as a nation in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2014.
Holworthy Hall is a dormitory located in Massachusetts, United States.
The 2018 Wexford Senior Hurling Championship is a hurling championship held in the Republic of Ireland.
Roberto Rojas was a member of the Chile national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Luis Alberto Perea was a member of FC Dallas, starting at a certain time and ending at another time with the team.
Face Rock State Scenic Viewpoint is an Oregon state park located in the United States.
Vlade Lazarevski was a member of the sports team Polonia Warsaw, with a start and end time for his membership.
Alex Basso was a member of the sports team Real Santa Barbara, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Alberto Rivera Pizarro was a member of Levante UD from its start time until its end time.
Dino Fava was a member of the sports team Varese Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ferdinand Keller was a member of the Germany national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
The SS City of Milwaukee operated as a car ferry under the Grand Trunk Milwaukee Car Ferry Company, with a specific start and end time for its service.
Gianluca Litteri was a member of the sports team Cosenza Calcio, and his involvement ended through an acquisition transaction.
Alberto Marcos Rey was a member of Real Madrid Castilla from its start time until its end time.
Pachim Samaria is a village located in the Kamrup district of India.
The Oatlands Railway is a railway track located in Tasmania, Australia.
Marengo Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Washington, United States.
Tony Allin was a member of the Devon County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
Barfield is a business that was founded in 1945 and has its headquarters in Miami.
Jankowy is a village located in Gmina Baranów, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland.
Jacob Dehn Andersen was a member of Randers FC from a start time to an end time.
Palung Mainadi is a Village Development Committee located in Palpa District, Nepal.
Umed Alidodov is a member of the sports team Hima Dushanbe, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Marius Radu, a footballer, was a member of FC Sopron from a start time to an end time.
Roger Marche was a member of the Stade de Reims sports team from a start time to an end time.
Gökçek Vederson was a member of Esporte Clube Juventude, with a start and end time for his involvement in the team.
Santi Chaiyaphuak was a member of Tampines Rovers FC, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Tallinna Hipodroom, an sports venue in Estonia, was inaugurated on January 1, 1923.
Series 5 of Time Team includes episodes with cast member John Gater.
Kang Sheng held the position of Chairman of the Communist Party of China with a start time and an end time.
Spring Hill is a census-designated place located in Hernando County, Florida, United States.
Zuhaitz Gurrutxaga was a member of the sports team Algeciras CF with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Porter Square is a neighborhood in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.
Mavelikara is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Kerala, India.
Tower Hill State Game Reserve is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and is located in Victoria, Australia.
The North Bay Police Service, an instance of a law enforcement agency, was founded on January 1, 1882, in Canada.
Giovanni Gallina was a member of the Italy national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mario Meneghetti was a member of the Italy national football team from its start time until its end time.
USA Water Polo, founded on January 1, 1978, is the national governing body for water polo in the United States.
The Te Kooti Trail is a film from New Zealand, directed by Rudall Hayward, originally filmed in the English language.
FC Dinamo Gagra is an association football club based in Georgia.
Shenington is a village located in the United Kingdom, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Shenington with Alkerton.
Horst Fleps was a member of the Chicago Shoccers from its start time until its end time.
The True North is a work composed by Ricky Hyslop, originally in the English language.
Erik Lamela was a member of A.S. Roma, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Meiuste is a village located in Saaremaa Parish, Estonia.
Trondos, a business founded in 1970, has its headquarters in Trondheim.
Artesia station, which connects to the Blue Line of the Los Angeles Metro, opened on July 14, 1990, and is adjacent to the Compton station.
Lea Nudelman is a human who plays chess for Israel.
Alyaksandr Tsishkevich was a member of the sports team FC Slavia Mozyr, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
George Ritchie, born in 1909, is a human who played for the Scotland national rugby union team.
Graham T. Allison was educated at Harvard University, where he earned his academic degree.
Mohsen Labidi was a member of the Tunisia national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Brad Shaw is a human who plays for the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League.
The Evan Anthem is a band formed in 2003, originating from the United States and specializing in rock and pop music.
Papa Malick Ba was a member of FC Basel from a start time to an end time.
Meadow Brook Hall is located in Michigan, United States, and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Hans Kosterlitz received the Harvey Prize, which was awarded to him while he was a citizen of a specific country, at a particular point in time.
Nicola Bellomo was a member of the Italy national under-21 football B team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Deadman's Cay Airport serves Long Island, Bahamas, and is an airport located in the country.
Dinny Lowry was a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Derek Spence was a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC from its start time until its end time.
Kaunisvaara mine is an iron ore mine located in Sweden.
Aleksandre Gogoberishvili was a member of FC Merani Tbilisi, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Tamastirth is a village located in the Ratnagiri district of India.
Celso Posio was a member of Brescia Calcio from the start time to the end time.
Shaki District is located in Azerbaijan and was part of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic during a specific period.
Emmy Murphy was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno, where she earned an academic degree.
Aupee Karim is a human who was educated at the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology and speaks Bengali.
Luis Fernando Centi was a member of A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909 from its start time until its end time.
Shopska salad, originating from Bulgaria, is a type of salad that includes tomatoes.
David Hannah was a member of the sports team Fylkir, with a start and end time for his membership.
Iucundiana, a titular see, was established in 1933 in Algeria.
The Dark Knight won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in its respective year.
Eknath Easwaran authored the book "Dhammapada (Easwaran translation)," which was published in 1986.
The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources is a government agency based in the United States, with its headquarters in Salt Lake City.
The Mountainaire Hotel Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas, United States.
The Gunma 4th district is an administrative district of the House of Representatives of Japan, located in Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
Masatoshi Akimoto ran as a candidate in the 2014 Japanese general election representing an electoral district.
Fyodor Smolov was a member of FC Krasnodar, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Qizil Ulduz Medal, an award from Azerbaijan, was instituted on March 25, 1992.
Enquire Within upon Everything is a book authored by Robert Kemp Philp, written in the English language.
Sakurai Station in Nara is adjacent to Yamato-Asakura Station and connects to a line that runs towards that station.
William St Clair Grant was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Glazert Water is a river located in East Dunbartonshire, United Kingdom.
Haddon is a town located in the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa.
Wentbridge is a village located in Darrington, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
Manchirevula is a village located in Telangana, India.
Robert Wedgeworth worked for the American Library Association from a start time to an end time.
Green Lake Aerodrome is an airport located in British Columbia, Canada.
Andrei Frascarelli was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, with a start and end time for his membership.
Raphael Botti was a member of Figueirense FC from its start time until its end time.
Hannes Anier was a member of Odense Boldklub, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Urbia Meléndez is a human who participated in Taekwondo at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the Women's 49 kg category.
Magumeri is a district located in Borno State, Nigeria.
Jérémy Mathieu was a member of the France national football B team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Seven Springs is a borough located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Terry Goode is a human who is a member of the sports team Kettering Town F.C.
José Roberto de Oliveira was a member of the sports team Kashiwa Reysol, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mahala Gomionica is a human settlement located in Bosnia and Herzegovina, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Kiseljak.
Hakim Malek is a member of the sports team FC Martigues, with a start and end time for his membership.
Tsvetan Veselinov was a member of the Bulgaria national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Hall of Game Awards, an award inception in 2011, is based in the United States.
Blackpool Cricket Club is a cricket team based in the United Kingdom.
Bauneg Beg Mountain is a mountain located in Maine, United States.
Kjell Moe was born in Fredrikstad and played for Fredrikstad FK from a start time to an end time.
The 1999 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Lu Bofei was a member of the China national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Anil Kapoor received a Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his work in a specific point in time.
The RiverBrink Art Museum is an art museum located in Queenston, Canada.
Alfred Bickel was a member of the Switzerland national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Aveion Cason is a human who plays as a running back for the Los Angeles Rams.
The Broad View Ranch Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa, United States.
Savanna Samson received an AVN Award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Glauber Rodrigues da Silva was a member of Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Ilampokhari is a Village Development Committee located in Lamjung District, Nepal.
Michael Lett is a human who is a member of the St. George Illawarra Dragons sports team.
Gary Dillon played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Sergio Peter was a member of AC Sparta Prague, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Anson County Schools is a school district located in North Carolina, United States.
Nigalchula is a Village Development Committee located in Salyan District, Nepal.
San Juan Bautista lo de Soto is a municipality located in Oaxaca, Mexico.
Torbothie is a village located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom.
Johnny Moore played for the Kansas City Comets, joining the team at an unspecified start time and leaving at an unspecified end time.
Abberley Hall School, a boarding school, was founded on January 1, 1921, in Worcester.
Paulinowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Nasielsk.
Marotandrano is a commune located in the Mandritsara district of Madagascar.
WLIQ is a radio station located in Quincy, Illinois, United States.
Tibor Szabó, a footballer born in 1977, was a member of FC Volgar Astrakhan from its start time until its end time.
Samba Gold is an award inception in 2008, given in the sport of association football.
Angelo Vaccaro was a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers from a start time to an end time.
Brightons is a village located in the Falkirk Council area of the United Kingdom.
Herring Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park of New Brunswick, located in Canada within Charlotte County, New Brunswick.
Pasanauri is a human settlement located in the Dusheti Municipality of Georgia.
The LMS Ivatt Class 2 locomotive, with a 2-6-0 wheel arrangement, was manufactured at Crewe Works and designed by George Ivatt.
The 1980 ECAC North Men's Basketball Tournament is a season of basketball that took place on January 1, 1980.
Anchal is a human settlement located in the Kollam district of India.
Ivan Starkov was a member of the sports team FC Titan Klin from its start time until its end time.
Yanko Georgiev was a member of PFC Naftex Burgas, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
A Chance follows "She's Got It All" and is followed by "That's Why I'm Here," originating from the United States.
John Terborgh works in conservation biology at Duke University and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Rozabal Line, published by Lulu.com, is written in English and is set in India.
Murray Creed was a member of the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board from its start time until its end time.
JoAnne Stubbe received the Welch Award in Chemistry, which recognizes affiliations in the field of chemistry at a specific point in time.
Greenmount Homestead is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Anush Mahalleh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Captiva is a census-designated place located in Lee County, Florida, United States.
Jukal is a village located in Telangana, India.
Ithihasa is a fantasy film from India, originally produced in the Malayalam language.
Juan Carlos Rojo is a human who plays for Palamós CF.
Yue Station, which opened on March 24, 1934, is located on the Nagasaki Main Line and is adjacent to Oe Station.
The Selkirk Fishermen are an ice hockey team based in Canada.
Rooksbury Mill is a Grade II listed building and a mill used for grinding, located in the United Kingdom.
Lilian Cole was a member of the Nigeria women's national football team, though the specific start and end times for her tenure are not provided.
German submarine U-1223 was part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla, with a start and end time for its deployment.
Hunter Morris was a member of the Salt River Rafters from its start time until its end time.
Gerard van Swieten earned a doctorate and was a member of the Royal Society, with Herman Boerhaave as his doctoral advisor.
La Paloma is a human settlement located in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Luigi Traglia was a citizen of Italy, with his time there spanning from a start time to an end time.
Rinar Valeyev was a member of the sports team FC Dacia Chișinău, with a start and end time for his membership.
Skye of Curr is a human settlement located in the Highland council area of the United Kingdom.
José Carlos de Almeida was a member of the Brazil national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Marc Moss, educated at Columbia University School of the Arts, has the given name Marc and the surname Moss.
Sultanbekovo is a hamlet located in Russia next to the Sars River.
The Kilmogue Portal Tomb is a portal tomb located in County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.
Matthew Marks Gallery is an art gallery located in Manhattan, United States.
Vasil Bozhikov was a member of the sports team OFC Gigant Saedinenie, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Ben Zemanski was a member of the Chivas USA team from its start time until its end time.
Los Gatos Salvajes is an Argentine band that performs rock, pop, and beat music.
Carlos Galván was a member of Racing Club de Avellaneda from a start time to an end time.
Takuya Sugiyama was a member of the sports team FC Gifu, starting and ending at specific times.
Aston is a village located in Wem Rural, Shropshire, United Kingdom.
The Tarpon Springs Depot is a train station located in Tarpon Springs, Florida, United States.
Keene Township is a township located in Ionia County, Michigan, United States.
Margaret Leech received the Pulitzer Prize for History in a specific year.
Deylaman District is a bakhsh located in Siahkal County, Iran.
Keiju Karashima was a member of the sports team Kyoto Sanga FC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
José Luis Vegar was a member of the sports team SD Huesca, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Dina Nagar Assembly Constituency is a constituency of the Punjab Legislative Assembly in India, located in Punjab.
Ekaterina Knebeleva was a member of the Al'Asayl Cycling Team, with her tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Anna Min, a Korean American, was educated at South High School in Minneapolis and her given name is Anna.
Julien Bailleul was a member of the sports team R.A.E.C. Mons from its start time until its end time.
Nelson Stepanyan received the Order of Lenin in a specific point in time.
Adamo Rossi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Basirhat Dakshin is a constituency of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly in India and is located within the administrative territorial entity of Basirhat (Lok Sabha constituency).
Caroline Dormon is a human who resides in Natchitoches, Louisiana, and is a member of the Society of American Foresters.
Hetoa Kaio is a citizen of Tuvalu and has been associated with the Tuvalu national football team, though the specific start and end times of his involvement are not provided.
Andrea Seastrand was educated at DePaul University, where she earned an academic degree.
The 1927 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team participated in an American football season in 1927.
Josef Adelbrecht was a member of the sports team Floridsdorfer AC, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The Glacier Park Company is a hotel group based in the United States, owned by the Great Northern Railway (U.S.).
Limburgse Handbal Dagen is a handball tournament held in the Netherlands.
The Young Ladies Radio League, an organization based in the United States, was founded in 1939.
Afshin Hajipour is a midfielder who plays for Esteghlal F.C. and is a human.
Samadagha Shikhlarov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team, with his time on the team starting at an unspecified date and ending at another unspecified date.
Dilbar Abdurahmonova was born in Moscow, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Paul Scurti was a member of the San Diego Jaws from its start time until its end time.
The Scott Statue, a sculpture located in New Zealand, depicts Robert Falcon Scott.
The 2010 Tipperary senior hurling team season is an instance of a sports season that took place in 2010 and involved hurling.
Wat Tham Khao Wong is a wat located in Ban Rai, Thailand.
Linda B. Buck received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2004, shared with another scientist.
Émile Mbouh was a member of the sports team Sport Benfica e Castelo Branco, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Zalbki is a village located in Poland and is part of the Gmina Dywity administrative territorial entity.
"You Were Never Lovelier" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing.
Texas State Highway Spur 341 is a road that was established in 1960 and is located in the United States.
Peter Burge is a human who plays rugby and is a member of the New South Wales Waratahs team.
KXTO is a radio station located in Nevada, United States.
Keiichi Misawa was a member of the sports team Vissel Kobe, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Yan Vorogovskiy is a midfielder who plays for the Kazakhstan national under-21 football team.
Agathe kann 's nicht lassen is a film produced by Degeto Film, composed by Otto M. Schwarz, and originally in the German language.
Gustavo Savoia was a member of Club Olimpo from its start time until its end time.
Idir Ouali was a member of the Le Mans FC soccer team from its start time until its end time.
Erich Brabec was a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Wayne County in Michigan owns Detroit Metropolitan Airport and is different from both Wayne County in North Carolina and Wayne County in Utah.
Eladio Silvestre was a member of FC Barcelona B, starting and ending at specific times.
The Auas Mountains, a mountain range in Namibia, have their highest point at Moltkeblick.
Erbim Fagu is a member of the sports team KF Elbasani, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Andrey Kazaryn was a member of FC Smorgon from a start time to an end time.
Matthias Breitkreutz was a member of Berliner FC Dynamo from its start time until its end time.
Robbie Haemhouts was a member of Almere City FC from its start time until its end time.
Leopold Neubauer, a human, participated in the 1912 Summer Olympics and was a member of the Vienna Sportclub.
The Hillhouse Opera Company, an American band specializing in rock and pop music, was founded in 2008.
Kingbright, a business founded in 1980, has its headquarters in Taipei.
Street Food Around The World is an English-language television series originating from Israel.
Alvik metro station is adjacent to Kristineberg metro station and serves as a connecting point in the direction of Kristineberg.
For Every Curse is an album performed by Daniel Bashta, released in 2015.
Kensington Plantation House is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Comb Wash is an arroyo located in San Juan County, Utah, United States.
Davide Capello was a member of Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Gulfsat, a business headquartered in Kuwait City, was established in 1995.
Julien Cools was a member of the sports team K.V.C. Westerlo, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Farmington School District is a school district located in Arkansas, United States.
Eduardo Ferreira was a member of the Equatorial Guinea national football team from its start time until its end time.
Phoney Photos, produced by Henry Lehrman and originating from the United States, is now in the public domain.
Catullus 49 is a poem written in Latin by Catullus.
Debden tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station and connects to a line that runs towards Loughton.
Mezo Basa is a village located in Nagaland, India.
The Armor Modeling and Preservation Society, an organization based in the United States, was founded on July 1993.
Alessandro Tulli was a member of the sports team Piacenza Calcio 1919, with a start and end time for his membership.
Deedarganj railway station is adjacent to Patna Sahib railway station and connects to it in a direction towards Patna Sahib.
Abdelaziz Kamara was a member of AS Saint-Étienne from its start time until its end time.
Alexei Beletski is married to Natalia Gudina, his business and sports partner, and they competed in ice dance together.
Dobrnje is a human settlement located in Petrovac, Serbia.
Ardmore City Schools is a school district located in Oklahoma, United States.
John Brass was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Tom Dewdney was a member of the West Indies cricket team, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Dugauli Khurd is a village located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Massamba Sambou was a player for the Senegalese national football team, with a career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Paul Coppo is a human who plays ice hockey.
The 1888 Limerick Senior Hurling Championship is a hurling championship in the Republic of Ireland.
François Bellugou was a member of the Montpellier HSC sports team from its start time to its end time.
Vasily Zhurnevich was a member of FC Lida, with his start and end times for the team recorded.
The Hurley River is a river located in British Columbia, Canada.
Gerardo Berodia was a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
1st Valley Bank, a business established in 1956, has its headquarters in Baroy, Lanao del Norte.
Lake Nash Station is an agricultural station located in the Northern Territory of Australia.
The Soyuz TM-7 spacecraft had a landing at a specific location on a particular date.
Gorji Bayan is a village located in Kermanshah Province, Iran.
The Knox County Courthouse in Maine is a courthouse located in Rockland, United States.
Jenny Owens, a cricketer, was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with her tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Srirangam marriage hall fire is a structure fire that occurred in Srirangam, India.
Willie Miller, a footballer born in 1924, was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a specific start and end time for his participation.
The Honda XRE300 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Honda, following the Honda XR250R and XR250L models.
Got Love is a song by WSTRN, released on December 2, 2015.
Mazhnabad is a village located in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Mounir Diane was a member of R.A.E.C. Mons from a start time to an end time.
Mark Watts played for the Wiltshire County Cricket Club during a specific period.
Charlie Goodrum is a human who is a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
Roxborough-Manayunk is a neighborhood located in Philadelphia, United States.
FundAmerica, a business established in 1987, has its headquarters in New York.
Juliano Spadacio was a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista from a start time to an end time.
Laurence Abrams is a human who is a member of the sports team Cardiff City F.C.
Pascal Renier was a member of the sports team S.V. Zulte Waregem, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Kihachi Okamoto won the Japan Academy Film Prize for Director of the Year for his work in 1965.
Meharama is a community development block located in Jharkhand, India.
Franck Tanasi was a member of AS Poissy, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Udaipur Solar Observatory is a solar observatory located in Udaipur, India.
The Golden Bagel Award, an award in tennis, was inceptioned in 2004.
Juniata Township is a township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The Millennium Master, an aircraft from Italy, made its first flight on May 27, 2006.
Ivan Bagramyan received a Gold Star award at a specific point in time.
Maurice Dubofsky is a human who was a member of the New York Giants.
Anuradhapura Museum is a museum located in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka.
Veshab is a human settlement located in the Sughd Region of Tajikistan.
Erastus Brainerd is a human who was educated at Harvard University.
Louis Peter Boitard worked in Paris, with his work location starting and ending in the city.
Nielsen Park is a park located in New South Wales, Australia.
The University of Chicago Oriental Institute, founded by James Henry Breasted and officially opened in 1919, is a building dedicated to Oriental studies.
Lake June station, which opened on December 6, 2010, is part of the Green Line in the Dallas Area Rapid Transit system and is adjacent to Buckner station.
Fort Berens, a ghost town in Canada, was established on January 1, 1859.
Liam Killeen participated in mountain biking at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Patrick Falk was a member of the sports team Eintracht Frankfurt, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Nightcore, a music genre that originated in 2002, is from Norway.
Big Mama Thornton performed the song "Hound Dog," which was published in 1952 and is known as her signature song.
John Chamberlain, an abstract expressionist sculptor, has works in the Tate collection.
Philippe Fargeon was a member of AJ Auxerre from a start time to an end time.
The Bolshoy Krasnokholmsky Bridge, located in Russia, is a deck arch bridge made of concrete.
Tamás Nagy, a footballer born in 1976, was a member of the B36 Tórshavn sports team, with a start time and end time for his tenure on the team.
Olivier Blondel was a member of the sports team FC Rouen, with his start and end times recorded.
The 2007 Ryedale District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2007.
Galen Young was a member of the Grand Rapids Hoops team from its start time until its end time.
Aleksandr Khlebnikov was a member of the sports team FC Lukhovitsy, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Martien Houtkooper was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Our Biggest Thing Ever is an album by the band Last Child, released in 2012.
Pietro Sassi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Alan Carlet was a member of the sports team Cagliari Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Marllon Borges is a member of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Charles Watts, a cricketer born in 1905, was a member of the Essex County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
Juabeso District is a district located in the Western Region of Ghana.
Claude-Louis Mathieu received the Lalande Prize at a specific point in time.
Graham James held the position of Bishop of Norwich, starting his tenure after replacing a previous bishop.
The New Haven Eagles is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Closed Chambers is a book authored by Edward Lazarus and was published on January 1, 1998.
Oleksandr Andriyevskyi was a member of the Ukraine national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Sylvain Wiltord was a member of the FC Girondins de Bordeaux team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Alessandro Faria was a member of the El Paso Patriots from a start time to an end time.
Niel Morgan was a member of the Glamorgan County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
John Charles Wester holds the position of diocesan bishop in a diocese, succeeding the previous bishop.
James Lawrie was a member of the Northern Ireland national football B team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Rainer Bieli was a member of FC Concordia Basel from its start time until its end time.
Joystick Labs is a business headquartered in Durham, North Carolina, operating in the video game industry.
The Chicago Journal of International Law is an English-language law review published by the University of Chicago Law School.
The film "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in its respective year.
Satyajit Ray received the Padma Vibhushan award, which was given in recognition of his contributions in the field of work.
Sergei Gazdanov was a member of PFC CSKA Moscow, with his start and end times for the team recorded.
Serhiy Zakarlyuka was a member of the sports team FC Vorskla Poltava, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Globcal International, an organization founded on May 9, 2009, has its headquarters in Belmopan.
Manfred Pamminger was a member of the sports team SC Rheindorf Altach, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
O2 Czech Republic is located in Prague, a city in the country of Czech Republic.
Irakli Chezhiya was a member of the FC Arsenal-2 Tula team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Martin City is a census-designated place located in Flathead County, Montana, United States.
Karl Wiesenburg, a human, is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and goes by the name Carl.
Jay Witasick is a member of both the Colorado Rockies and the San Francisco Giants, and he has a relative named Paloma.
Kathryn Bertine was a member of the BMW p/b Happy Tooth Dental team, with a start and end time for her participation.
Roland Petersen is a human who received an award from the Fulbright Program. His given name is Roland.
Wemtinga is a human settlement located in the Kombissiri Department of Burkina Faso.
SPiDCOM is a business that was inceptioned in 2002 and has its headquarters in Paris.
Félicité Hamidouche was a member of the INF Clairefontaine sports team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Francisco Assis dos Santos is a human who plays for Sociedade Esportiva do Gama.
Dida Forest is a protected area in Burkina Faso and falls under IUCN category IV, which is a Habitat/Species Management Area.
Central Park in Louisville is a park located in Kentucky, United States.
Tafetachte is a rural commune located in the Essaouira Province of Morocco.
Longxan District is a district located in Xaisomboun Province, Laos.
Missy Elliott received a Grammy Award for Best Female Rap Solo Performance at a specific point in time.
Mugaiyur is a village located in Tamil Nadu, India.
The List of Cleveland sports teams is a Wikimedia list article that documents various sports teams based in Cleveland, United States.
Square Forms and Circles is a bronze sculpture created by Barbara Hepworth in 1963.
Emil Gargorov was a member of PFC Ludogorets Razgrad, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Susan N. Herman held the position of chairperson, starting at a certain time.
Schaper Toys, a business founded in 1949, has its headquarters in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.
Morihiko Hiramatsu, a human, received the Ramon Magsaysay Award and speaks and writes in Japanese.
Ashti is a human-geographic territorial entity located in the Gadchiroli district of India.
The 2012 Wyre Forest District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 2012.
Gomnes is an urban settlement in Norway, located in the administrative territory of Hole.
Sarai Alamgir is a human settlement located in the Gujrat District of Pakistan.
André Cruz was a member of the Brazil national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Italo Alaimo was a citizen of Italy, with his citizenship starting and ending at unspecified times.
Katavadi is a village located in the Pune district of India.
The LSWR C14 class locomotives were manufactured by the Nine Elms Locomotive Works, which started producing them at a certain time and ended production at another time.
Duppelli is a village located in India and is part of the administrative territory of Valigonda.
Pedro Duhart was a member of the France national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Costa Christo Kapothanasis is a human who plays as a pitcher on a team.
Erasmus Reinhold worked in Wittenberg from a start time to an end time.
Johnny Menyongar was a member of the Minnesota Thunder from its start time until its end time.
Senin Sebai is a member of the sports team FC Saxan, with a start time and an end time for his involvement.
Stavrovouni Monastery is a monastery located in Cyprus and situated on a mountain.
Charm City Roller Girls, an instance of a roller derby league, was inception in 2005 and is based in the United States.
Antonio Banfi was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Nicky Kuiper was a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Vladimir Arsenyev was loyal to the Russian Empire, which he served from its start time until its end time.
The Bloom Site is an archaeological site in the United States and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The North Shore is a neighborhood located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Sergey Grishin, a footballer born in 1973, was a member of the Russia national football team from its start time until its end time.
Namdarpura is a village located in the Bhopal district of India.
Consuelo Field is an airstrip located in Consuelo, Dominican Republic.
Emmanuel Aznar scored the goal in the 1943 Coupe de France Final and is a member of the sports team.
Six Corners / Maple Heights is a historic district located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Gujanatti is a village located in Gokak taluk, India.
The Department of Education (Tasmania) is a government agency located in Hobart, Australia.
The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter is a collection of horror literature published by Chaosium, illustrated by Dave Carson.
The Hounds of Tindalos is a horror literature book published by Arkham House, written in the English language.
Hennadiy Zhylkin was a member of the sports team FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Felix Events Center is a sports venue located in California, United States.
Yuuyami Doori Tankentai is a Japanese video game for the PlayStation console.
The Municipal Art Gallery of Ioannina, a museum in Greece, was established on January 1, 1960.
Ken Hough was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
John Stockton was a member of the Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Brent Spence is a lawyer who started practicing law at an unspecified location.
Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, with its capital in Eau Claire, shares a border with Pepin County, Wisconsin.
The Tirebolu mine, located in Turkey, is a mine that produces copper.
Naiara Ves is a member of the Levante UD Femenino team, with a start time and an end time for her tenure.
Andrew Jean-Baptiste was a member of the Portland Timbers from the start time to the end time.
Pancoast Creek is a natural watercourse located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Whites Landing is a census-designated place located in Ohio, United States.
The Shire of Taroom is a local government area located in Queensland, Australia.
Blue Bells Model School, an institution in India, was founded in 1980.
Phillip Kellam, a member of the Democratic Party in the United States, speaks and writes in English.
Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass located in Spain, situated within the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
Pio Chiaruttini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Fodil Hadjadj was a member of the sports team ASO Chlef, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Samuelsons are a Swedish band that plays country music.
Emerson Nunes is a human from Brazil who plays sports for Ipatinga Esporte Clube.
The Mamma Haidara Commemorative Library is a library located in Mali and a member of the World Digital Library.
Yiannis Papadopoulos was a member of the sports team KS Cracovia, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Gert Günther Hoffmann is the voice actor and plays the character role in "The Paradise Syndrome."
Bay County, Florida, whose capital is Panama City, Florida, also contains the administrative territorial entity of Panama City and shares a border with Walton County, Florida.
Nejc Plesec was a member of the sports team NK Celje, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Myale is a human settlement located in the Bhamo District of Myanmar.
The Global Water Partnership, an organization founded in 1996, has its headquarters in Stockholm.
Turku Student Village is a residential area in Finland, which includes Turku Student Village West.
Sergio Rosas was a member of the Lobos BUAP sports team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Casey McGehee is a human who has been a member of both the San Francisco Giants and the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Alyaksandr Chayka was a member of the sports team PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Paddy Roche was a member of F.C. Halifax Town, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Thomas Rundqvist played in the National Hockey League, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Anosy Tsararafa is a commune located in the Farafangana district of Madagascar.
Calgary-Nose Creek was an Alberta provincial electoral district in Canada that was dissolved in 2004.
Gros Morne Golf Resort is a golf course located in Canada, where the sport played is golf.
Carbacid Investments, a business established in 1961, has its headquarters in Nairobi.
Matej Rakovan was a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The Tampa Bay Rowdies play in the USSF Division 2 Professional League, with a specific start and end time for their participation in this league.
German submarine U-680 was part of the 31st U-boat Flotilla, with a start and end time for its deployment.
Ally Week, an awareness week founded by GLSEN, began on October 00, 2005.
Bruce Hunter played for the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
The "A Low Down Dirty Shame" soundtrack, an album released by Jive Records on November 8, 1994, is a collection of musical works from the film.
Taylor Rochestie was a member of the Anhui Dragons from its start time until its end time.
Amiret El Hojjaj is a municipality located in the Monastir Governorate, Tunisia.
Aberdeen railway station, which opened on 20 October 1870, is connected to the Hunter Line and is adjacent to Muswellbrook railway station.
The Perm Academic Theatre is located in Perm and has performance times specified by start and end times.
Giuseppe Santelli was a citizen of Italy, with his time there spanning from a start time to an end time.
Vullnet Basha is a midfielder who plays for FC Sion.
The 2014 Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Leonid Khankevich was a member of FC Dnyapro Mogilev, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Arturo Navarro was a member of the sports team CD Guijuelo, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Alloway Creek is a river in the United States that flows into the Delaware River.
The Pedestrian Bridge over the Segre River is a footbridge located in Spain, spanning the Segre River.
Memory Lost is a Chinese television show.
Efrain Chacurian was a member of the Brooklyn Hispano team from its start time until its end time.
The 19 June 1857 law is a French statute that applies to the jurisdiction of France.
Rafael Forster was a member of Sport Club Internacional, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Inveralmond Community High School is a secondary school located in West Lothian, United Kingdom.
Garr Bain District is a district located in Nimba County, Liberia.
Giorgio Morini was a member of Inter Milan from a start time to an end time.
Manyata Embassy Business Park, which was established in 2001, is a business park headquartered in Bangalore.
Alberto Delgado, a Cuban footballer, was a member of the Puerto Rico Islanders from a start time to an end time.
Mauricio Segovia was a member of the Puerto Rico Islanders from a start time to an end time.
Lisa Sari was a member of the Los Angeles Sol from its start time until its end time.
Justin Timberlake won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a certain point in time.
Eric Oscroft was a member of the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Stockton Cricket Club is a cricket team based in the United Kingdom.
Metz Township is a township in Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.
The 2009 Castleford Tigers season was a sports season for the club, taking place in Spain during 2009.
Evan Lee was a member of the Richmond Kickers from its start time until its end time.
The Peninsula Museum of Art, an art museum, was established in 2013 in the United States.
Willy Brokamp was a member of AFC Ajax from the start time to the end time.
Androrangovola is a commune located in the Nosy Varika district of Madagascar.
Nagniangou is a human settlement located in the Bilanga Department of Burkina Faso.
Sea Hunter is an unmanned surface vehicle manufactured by Vigor Industrial and operated by the United States.
Bill Lawton was a member of the Lancashire County Cricket Club, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Oleksiy Prytulyak was a member of the sports team PFC Nyva Ternopil, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Thijs Bouma is a member of FC Twente, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Ismaila Soro was a member of the sports team FC Gomel, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Shuntokumichi Station is adjacent to Nagase Station, which is on the connecting line heading towards a specific direction.
Soyuz TMA-17M underwent a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
The Khajuraho Dance Festival is a dance festival held in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Herbert Burgess was a member of the England national football team, playing from a start time to an end time.
Lea Ann Miller, also known as Ann, represents the United States in her sport and partners with William Fauver in business or sports.
Ishmael Kamara was a member of the Virginia Beach Mariners from a start time to an end time.
TalkFree, a business founded in 2003, has its headquarters in San Francisco.
The 2013 Newcastle Knights season is a sports season for the Newcastle Knights club in Australia, taking place in 2013.
Field Combat is a game developed by Tose for the Nintendo Entertainment System, distributed on a ROM cartridge.
The Alstom Coradia 1000 is a diesel multiple unit manufactured by Alstom and used in the United Kingdom.
Finding Nemo had its premiere at an unspecified location on an unspecified date.
The construction of the Granada Theatre in Sherbrooke began and ended with significant events marking these milestones.
Geoff Alley was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
The 2010 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament is a season of lacrosse held in 2010.
Goodbye Hayabusa II: Haunted House is a professional wrestling event held in Japan.
The Metropolitan Railway K Class operated on the Metropolitan Railway from a start time to an end time.
MX Energy is a business that was founded in 1999 and has its headquarters in Baltimore.
Ashland Community High School is a high school located in Maine, United States.
Stickmen, a film from New Zealand, features Paolo Rotondo and is set in New Zealand.
Kodyma Raion was located in the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which had a start time and an end time.
Peter Tyndall is a human with the given name Peter and the family name Tyndall.
Khawhai is a human settlement located in the Champhai district of India.
Srinivas Rath received the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work in literature.
Herschel Bay is a bay located in Nunavut, Canada.
Colin Horsley is a citizen of the United Kingdom, which ended with the dissolution of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The Skinny House in Deerfield, Illinois, United States, is a building.
Martin Samuelsson played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Jenny McCarthy won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture in a specific point in time for her work.
Thomas Gray Hull served in the United States Army and was educated at Tusculum University.
Lucas Nilsson was a member of the sports team Lindsdals IF, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Barbara Simons served as the chairperson of the Association for Computing Machinery from its start time to its end time.
Earl Boykins was a member of the Charlotte Hornets from a start time to an end time.
Maine Consolidated Elementary School District is a school district located in Arizona, United States.
David Boo Wiklander was a member of the Qviding FIF team from its start time until its end time.
Titagarh is a municipality located in the Barrackpore subdivision of West Bengal, India.
The Ellwood City Area School District is a school district located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Ivo Nicolau was a member of the sports team G.D. Lagoa, with a start and end time for his membership.
Asparuh Vasilev was a member of the FC Spartak Varna sports team from its start time until its end time.
The German Builder's House, located in the United States, is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Massif du Sud Wind Project is a wind farm located in Quebec, Canada.
John Schwalger was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
South Cleveland, Tennessee is a census-designated place located in Bradley County, United States.
Su-ngai Padi railway station is a train station located in Thailand and is owned by the State Railway of Thailand.
The Sutlej Yamuna Link Canal is an interbasin transfer canal located in India.
Alex Motter played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Hironori Saruta was a member of Balestier Khalsa FC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Kostadin Angelov was a member of FC Sevlievo, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Abanda Herman was a member of the sports team PSM Makassar, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
John C. Slater was educated at Harvard University, earning an academic degree during his time there.
Yadahalli, Bilagi is a village located in the Bagalkot district of India.
Carla Morrison received a Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song in a specific point in time.
Forsyth Barr Stadium, designed by Populous and opened on August 5, 2011, is occupied by the Otago Rugby Football Union.
William Yolland is a member of the Royal Society and has received the Companion of the Order of the Bath.
Abdellatif Boutaty was a member of the Stade Toulousain team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Jim Tooey is a human who was educated at William Paterson University.
William Brown played for the San Francisco Giants, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Moustafa Madbouly holds the position of Prime Minister of Egypt, starting his term and replacing the previous Prime Minister.
Gafleispitz is a mountain located in Liechtenstein and part of the Rätikon mountain range.
"Welcome to the Monkey House" is a short story by Kurt Vonnegut, published in the collection of the same name.
Donald Solomon is a member of the Cayman Islands national football team, which started at a certain time.
Springville, Virginia is a census-designated place located in Tazewell County, Virginia, United States.
Playa Puerto Cruz is a beach and a human settlement located in Venezuela.
Anfilogino Guarisi was a member of the Brazil national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
East Orange Township in Sioux County, Iowa is a civil township located in the United States.
Anton Kostadinov was a member of FC Spartak Varna, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Arzamas I railway station, which was officially opened in 1901, is operated by Russian Railways and designated as a cultural heritage site in Russia.
The A596 road is a road located in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Steven Emory was a member of the Colorado Rapids from a start time to an end time.
Borislav Stoyanov was a member of the sports team OFC Belasitsa Petrich, with a start and end time for his membership.
Umm Salamuna is a village located in the Bethlehem Governorate of the State of Palestine.
Roberto Amodio was a member of the sports team S.S. Juve Stabia, with a start and end time for his membership.
Kolo is a human settlement located in Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Alexander Hysén was a member of the sports team GIF Sundsvall, joining the team at a certain start time and leaving at a specific end time.
Valeri Sarychev was born in Dushanbe, which is located in the Republic of Tajikistan.
Artur Kotenko was a member of the sports team Pärnu Linnameeskond, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Shane Huke was a member of the Rochedale Rovers FC from its start time until its end time.
Likalaneng is a community council located in the Maseru District of Lesotho.
Subramaniam Badrinath was a member of the Chennai Super Kings from its start time until its end time.
The College World Series takes place at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium, with events starting and ending at specific times there.
Enterprise Earth is a rock and pop band from the United States, formed on January 1, 2014.
Baiano, a footballer born in 1978, was a member of CR Vasco da Gama from a start time to an end time.
Elisabeth Andreasson's album follows "Bobbysocks!" and is followed by "Greatest Hits Vol. 2," and it originates from Sweden.
Pavel Kuptsov was a member of FC Dnepr Mogilev, with a start and end time for his membership.
Mattia Corradi was a member of A.C. Monza, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Yelnikovsky District was located in the administrative territory of the Mordovian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which had a start time and an end time.
Winston Yap was a member of the Singapore national football team from its start time until its end time.
Marc Crosas was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure on the team are not provided.
The Orlando Design District is a neighborhood located in Orlando, Florida, United States.
Richard Caceres was a member of the Persiba Balikpapan sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
The Megalopoli Mine is a mine in Greece that produces lignite.
Plahn Nyarn District is a district located in Sinoe County, Liberia.
Sandro Chaves de Assis Rosa was a member of the sports team Oita Trinita, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Between Wars, an Australian film or TV show produced by Michael Thornhill, was originally produced in the English language.
Waldemar de Brito was a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, though the start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Rajdhani is an Indian film in Hindi with Sunil Dutta in the cast.
The All-time Albany BWP Highlanders roster is a Wikimedia list article about association football players from the United States.
Michihiro Tsuruta was a member of the Ventforet Kofu sports team from its start time until its end time.
To Tell the Truth was presented by Bud Collyer, who hosted the show from its start time until its end time.
Artur Gubaydullin was a member of FC Nosta Novotroitsk, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Shrigonda is a constituency of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly in India, located in the administrative territory of Maharashtra.
Razzle Dazzle: A Journey into Dance, an Australian film distributed by Palace Cinemas in Australia, was directed by Garry Phillips.
Tom Jackson, a rugby player from Wales, played for the Wales national rugby union team from a start time to an end time.
Zakonopravilo is a piece of legislation from the Byzantine Empire authored by Saint Sava.
Porcupine Provincial Forest is a provincial forest located in Division No. 20, Manitoba, Canada.
Punakaiki is a human settlement located in the Buller District of New Zealand.
Jan Svátek was a member of the sports team SFC Opava, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
German submarine U-190 was part of the 4th U-boat Flotilla, with a start and end time for its deployment.
Peatlands Park is a park located in County Armagh, United Kingdom.
Elephant Games, a video game developer founded in 2003, has its headquarters in Yoshkar-Ola.
Vilmar da Cunha Rodrigues was a member of FC Lustenau 07, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Kotmale is a human settlement located in the Nuwara Eliya District of Sri Lanka.
Octavian Abrudan was a member of the sports team FCSB, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Winding Gulf Coalfield is a coal-mining region located in the United States, categorized under Category:Winding Gulf Coalfield.
Serhiy Karpenko was a member of the FC Arsenal Kharkiv sports team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Le Chat Noir is a musical duo formed in Moretonhampstead and plays garage rock music.
Juan Diego González was a member of Club Almagro, starting and ending at unspecified times.
Gaston Waringhien was a member of the Akademio de Esperanto, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Igor Malakhov was a member of the sports team FC Zhemchuzhina Budyonnovsk, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe was directed by Ben Bot, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Yevgeni Tarasov was a member of FC Zenit Saint Petersburg, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Chicago Blackhawks received the Prince of Wales Trophy at a specific point in time.
Parrana San Martino is a frazione located in Collesalvetti, Italy.
Food Wars! : Shokugeki no Soma is published by Tong Li Publishing, which applies its jurisdiction to the language of the work or title.
Edson Sitta was a member of Clube Atlético Juventus, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Espetada is a pork dish from Portugal that consists of meat skewers.
Florin Cernat was a member of the sports team FC Viitorul Constanța, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Michigan State University College of Education is a university located in East Lansing, Michigan, United States.
Enzo Turco's citizenship in Italy started at a certain time and ended at another time.
Viktor Zvyahintsev was a member of the Soviet Union national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Paulinho Santos was a member of the Portugal national football team from its start time until its end time.
Aleksei Prokudin was a member of FC Asmaral Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Marios Elia was a member of APOEL FC from its start time until its end time.
Ilya Tsymbalar was a member of FC Spartak Moscow from its start time until its end time.
Hope Saddle is a mountain pass located in the Tasman District of New Zealand.
Fatih Akyel was a member of the Turkey national football team from its start time until its end time.
Boot Hill is a tabletop role-playing game published by TSR in 1975.
Graham Burnett was a member of the Wellington cricket team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Florijana Ismaili was a member of the BSC YB Frauen team from its start time until its end time.
The Rockleigh Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Thingwall House is an architectural structure located in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
The St. Paul Rangers is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Swing revival, a music genre, originated on January 1, 1990, in the United States.
Imbonggu District is a district in the Southern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea.
Aleksei Karakosov was a member of the Russia national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Sielce Lewe is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Maków.
Gusfand Guyeh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Sarul Kanwar was a member of the Mumbai Indians team from its start time until its end time.
The Bahamas and Spain have a bilateral relationship.
Marko Tredup was a member of Tennis Borussia Berlin from a start time to an end time.
The British Bulldogs are a tag team from the United States who compete in professional wrestling.
WWSE is a radio station located in New York, United States.
Go Player is a TV series originally aired on CCTV-14, with its broadcast starting at a certain time and ending at another time on the same channel.
R v Brown is a legal case heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords in the United Kingdom.
Federico Nanni was a member of the sports team S.P. Tre Penne, with a start and end time for his membership.
Sveti Duh in Dravograd is a human settlement located in the Municipality of Dravograd, Slovenia.
The GNIDA Office metro station is a metro station in India, adjacent to the Depot metro station.
Jared Borgetti was a member of the Dorados de Sinaloa team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto was a member of the sports team Kalmar FF, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Animas Creek is an intermittent river located in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, United States.
Bruno Lemiechevsky was a member of FK Atlantas from its start time until its end time.
Maksim Buznikin was a member of the sports team FC Kazanka Moscow, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
German submarine U-136 (1941) was used for educational purposes with a start time and end time for the educational program.
Hermosa Beach City School District is a school district located in California, United States.
"Amigos Para Siempre," composed and produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber, features José Carreras as a performer.
Experimental Marriage is a silent film from the United States that is now in the public domain.
Indian Hills is a neighbourhood located in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Romain Cabon was a member of the US Avranches team from its start time until its end time.
The LNER Thompson Class A2/1 operated by the London and North Eastern Railway had a start time and an end time for its service.
The South African Class 14E1 locomotives were manufactured by Union Carriage & Wagon, with production starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Indian Society of International Law, a professional body, is located in New Delhi, India.
Valeri Abramidze was a member of the Georgia national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
Sergio Hellings was a member of the R.S.C. Anderlecht sports team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Gertrudów is a village in Poland, located in the administrative and territorial entity of Gmina Gomunice.
Vasily Zhurnevich was a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Ted Eck was a member of the Kansas City Comets from its start time until its end time.
Chhitampatti is a village located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The 1981 Australian Drivers' Championship is an auto racing competition held in Australia.
"The Bronx Is Burning" is a work primarily about baseball, using the English language.
Jeff Whitley was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Karim Bagheri was a member of Charlton Athletic F.C. and participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and he also played for Al-Nasr Dubai SC.
Lehua Night Market is a night market located in Yonghe District, Taiwan.
Travis Henry was a member of the Buffalo Bills from a start time to an end time.
St. Charles is a city in the United States, located in Winona County, Minnesota.
Eric Nickulas played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Omer Tchalisher was a member of the Israel national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Rinus Terlouw was a member of Sparta Rotterdam from its start time until its end time.
Hato Corozal Airport, an aerodrome in Colombia, serves the town of Hato Corozal.
The Klamath Falls City School District is a school district located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States.
The Bhutan takin is a subspecies of takin and is classified as a taxon.
The Great British Cheese Festival, which began in 1994, is a food festival held in the United Kingdom.
Malaysia Federal Route 8 is a road that was inaugurated in 1887 and is located in Malaysia.
Alokozay Kabul International Cricket Ground is a sports venue located in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Omar Jarun was a member of the Palestine national football team from its start time until its end time.
Gonzalo Galindo was a member of Club Aurora from a start time to an end time.
Idea Charter School, founded in 2011, is a school located in the United States.
The Schiaparelli Entry, Descent, and Landing Module (EDM) underwent a significant rocket launch at a specific point in time.
Broomfield School, located in New Zealand, was founded in 1881 and is an instance of a school.
Volodimir Levin was a member of the sports team Gabala FK from its start time until its end time.
The Experimental Pop Band is an indie pop band from the United Kingdom, classified as both a rock and pop band.
Laibacher Zeitung, a German-language newspaper, was founded in 1778.
Chester Northgate railway station is a train station located in Chester, United Kingdom.
Patrick Beech was a member of the New Orleans Storm from its start time until its end time.
Victor Van Schil was a member of the Molteni sports team with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Matt Hobden was a member of the Sussex County Cricket Club from a start time to an end time.
Monovox is a rock and pop band from the United States, founded on January 1, 1992.
Gold Pants is an album performed by Leslie and the LY's, released in 2005.
Giovanni Borgato was a member of the sports team Bologna F.C. 1909, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Fraser Hore was a member of the Surrey County Cricket Club from a start time to an end time.
Yuri Petrov was a member of the sports team MFC Mykolaiv, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Jon White was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his stint starting and ending during his career with the team.
Gathairu is a human settlement located in Central Province, Kenya.
Mauricio Molina was a member of the sports team Independiente Santa Fe, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Veeravaram is a village located in India, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Kadiam mandal.
Vincent Malo worked at Antwerp from a start time to an end time.
Tommy Logan was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a specific start and end time for his participation.
Kingsway High School, a secondary school established in 1953, is located in South Africa.
Flying Fish Brewing, a business established in 1995, is headquartered in Somerdale, New Jersey.
ArsDigita Community System is a free software developed by ArsDigita and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Veerasammy Permaul was a member of the Guyana Amazon Warriors from its start time until its end time.
Christoph Metzelder was a member of the sports team TuS Haltern, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ivan Shipov received the Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky and the Order of the White Eagle from the Russian Empire.
Arthur Johnson is a human who plays rugby league and is a member of the Widnes Vikings team.
Carles Coto was a member of the sports team Doxa Katokopias FC from its start time until its end time.
Chris Oddleifson is a human who plays for the Winnipeg Monarchs in the National Hockey League.
Nicolas Laharrague was a member of the France national rugby union team from its start time until its end time.
Erica jasminiflora is a species within the genus Erica and is an instance of a taxon.
Leonel Felice was a member of Club Rivadavia, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Georgia Apple Festival, which began in 1971, is a food festival held in the United States.
John Davidson played for the Scotland national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Scott Hastings was a member of the British and Irish Lions rugby union team, with his start and end times for this affiliation recorded.
Trail Dust Town is a shopping mall located in Arizona, United States.
Rodos Colossi RFC is a rugby union sports team.
Alexandre Finazzi was a member of Mixto Esporte Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Soochipara Falls is a waterfall located in the Wayanad district of India.
Tony Leiker is a human who is a member of the Stanford Cardinal football team.
Nash-Rocky Mount Public Schools is a school district located in North Carolina, United States.
Mamdouh Habib is a human from Egypt and follows the religion of Islam.
Phyllis Fox, a human, worked for General Electric and is notable for her work on the DYNAMO programming language.
Rabiu Ibrahim was a member of the Nigeria national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Domenico Suriano was a member of the sports team Giulianova Calcio, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Carnelian Cube, originally written in English and originating from the United States, features cover art by David Kyle.
The Metro Insurgentes Sur station was inaugurated in 2012 and is located in Mexico City, Mexico.
Mawbima is a newspaper that was established in 2006 and is published in the Sinhala language.
Peter Stagg was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Avengers: Endgame won the MTV Movie Award for Best Villain in its respective year.
Draco Racing is an Italian sports club that was founded in 1989.
Larry Smith, a human, was educated at Thomas Richard Robinson High School and is a member of the Washington Redskins.
Hannah Bromley was a member of the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles from a start time to an end time.
Chung Sang-nam was a member of the Suwon Samsung Bluewings football club from its start time until its end time.
John Nesbitt's Passing Parade is a radio program from the United States, distinct from The Passing Parade.
The Pennsylvania Railroad class B6 operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad had a start time and an end time within the railroad's operations.
Broaddus is an unincorporated community located in Virginia, United States.
Handique Girls College, founded in 1939, is a college located in India.
Eloy Edu was a member of the sports team CD Santa Eugenia, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Mood 92.0 FM is an English-language radio station located in Amman.
Manabu Umezawa is a midfielder who plays for Yokohama Flügels and is a human.
Ari, a footballer born in 1980, was a member of the Kashima Antlers team from its start time until its end time.
Freddie Sharpe is a human who plays for Reading F.C.
Mickleover Royal British Legion F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom.
The Flood Forecasting Centre, a government agency in the United Kingdom, was established in 2009.
Mike Lünsmann was a member of the sports team SCC Berlin, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Marvin Minsky authored "Society of Mind," a written work published on January 1, 1988.
Evgeny Velikhov received the Global Energy Prize, which is awarded to individuals from his country of citizenship, at a specific point in time.
Final Fantasy XV: Pocket Edition is a mobile game for Android, composed by Yoko Shimomura.
Dmitri Bayda was a member of FC Orenburg, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ferdowsi Street is a street located in Tabriz, Iran.
John Yapp was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Armando Bini had Italian citizenship with a start time and an end time.
The 2011 APRA Silver Scroll Awards is an award ceremony held in New Zealand in 2011.
The Om Prakash Bhasin Award, an award in India, was inception in 1985.
Amalner railway station is a train station in India, owned by Indian Railways.
The Phantom Tollbooth is an English-language book from the United States, illustrated by Jules Feiffer.
Henry E. Brady was educated at Harvey Mudd College, where he earned an academic degree.
Kristiansand Cathedral School is a secondary school located in Kristiansand, Norway.
The 2009 New Zealand Music Awards is an award ceremony held in New Zealand in 2009.
José Francisco Cevallos was a member of the sports team LDU Quito, with a start and end time for his membership.
Make Believe, a male horse born in 2012, is the offspring of Makfi.
The Southwest Louisiana National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a national wildlife refuge complex located in Louisiana, United States.
The Warminster Journal, an inception tabloid newspaper that began in 1881, is a tabloid-format newspaper.
Hamish Scott was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Ratac Abbey is an abbey located in Bar, Montenegro.
Jerrad Tyson was a member of the Sunshine Coast FC from its start time until its end time.
Frank Bunce was a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, with his time playing for the team starting and ending at unspecified times.
Dixy Chicken, a business founded in 1986, has its headquarters in Solihull.
North Hsinchu railway station, operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration, connects to the Neiwan line and is adjacent to Qianjia railway station.
Jar Launcher is a software developed by Apple Inc. that runs on a Java virtual machine.
Meurthe is a department that contains the administrative territorial entity Hammeville, though the specific start and end times for Hammeville are not provided in the graph.
Poul Nyrup Rasmussen served as the head of government of Denmark, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Hillcrest Wildlife Management Area is a wildlife management area in West Virginia, United States.
Eduard Sturki was a member of FC Nizhny Novgorod, with his start and end times for the team recorded.
Richard E. Cole attended Marion L. Steele High School and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross by the United States. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Alex Grendi was a member of the Columbus Crew SC from its start time until its end time.
Vladimir Lash is a human who plays for the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow.
Beckside is a village located in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
Burlington Public School District RE-6J is a school district located in Burlington, Colorado, United States.
Alberto Delgado, a Cuban footballer, was a member of the Colorado Rapids from a start time to an end time.
Nicoleta Dincă participated in the European Women's U-19 Handball Championship and received an award at that point in time.
Henry Medina was a member of the Guatemala national football team from its start time until its end time.
Federico Chabod was a citizen of Italy, with his citizenship starting and ending during specific periods.
Bassett Unified School District is a school district located in California, United States.
Juan Manuel Fangio won the 1954 Swiss Grand Prix, setting both the pole position and the fastest lap.
Maksim Karpovich was a member of FC Savit Mogilev, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Manzoor Dar was a member of the Kings XI Punjab team from its start time until its end time.
Ed Zeniuk played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
Chortitz is a human settlement located in Division No. 3, Manitoba, Canada.
The James G. Pendleton House is a house located in Maine, United States.
Paul Gascoigne received the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Brookhouse School, established in 1981, is a school located in Kenya.
Francis Llacer was a member of the sports team Montpellier HSC, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The 2018 World's Strongest Man season took place in the Philippines in 2018.
"I Want You, I Need You, I Love You" was composed and had its lyrics written by Maurice Mysels, and the song is in the English language.
Badr-ud-Duja is an album performed by Junaid Jamshed, released in 2007.
The East Hampton Union Free School District is a school district located in New York, United States.
Whirinaki Power Station is an oil-fired power station located in New Zealand, operated by Contact Energy.
Sebastian Backer was a member of the sports team Eintracht Braunschweig, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Simon Cowley is a human who plays for the Herefordshire County Cricket Club.
Medley is a town located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
Russell Gulch is a ghost town located in Colorado, United States.
Boadilla de Rioseco is both the capital and a settlement within itself, sharing a border with Guaza de Campos.
Bikna railway station is adjacent to Bankura Junction railway station, which connects towards a specific direction.
Katherine Clark was educated at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, earning an academic degree.
Nathpora is a village located in Jammu and Kashmir, India.
Jean Pierre Fuentes was a member of Alianza Lima from its start time until its end time.
Chester Castle, designed by architect Thomas Harrison, features Norman architecture and is a Grade I listed building.
Opus musicum is a magazine that began in 1969 and is published in the Czech language.
Guo Zhenqian served as the chairperson of the National Audit Office (China) from its start time until its end time.
Kazuyoshi Miura was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Omar Pouso was a member of Club Libertad, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Steve Snitch is a human who is a member of the Northern Pride RLFC.
The Northwestern School District is an educational institution located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Pedro Pedrucci was a member of the Uruguay national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Pontpierre is a town located in Mondercange, Luxembourg.
Woodland Park is a designated place located in Alberta, Canada.
Pablo Aimar was a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Roland Alphonso plays the saxophone and has recorded with both Island Records and Studio One.
The 2009 Women's Oceania Handball Championship is a season of handball held in 2009.
Charles Birch was educated at the University of Adelaide, earning an academic degree during his time there.
Highlands Ranch is a census-designated place located in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.
Oreste Baratieri was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Kothurne is a village located in Pune district, India.
XHSPR-TDT is a television station in Mexico that broadcasts in Spanish.
The 2014 Belgrade City Assembly election was a local election held in Serbia in 2014.
Thiago Braga de Souza was a member of Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Yannick Quesnel was a member of the FC Girondins de Bordeaux team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
The Kent and Sussex Crematorium and Cemetery, established in 1873, is a cemetery located in the United Kingdom.
Axel Kruse was a member of F.C. Hansa Rostock, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mahicon Librelato was a member of Sport Club Internacional, with a start and end time for his involvement in the club.
The Uspenski Gospels, an ancient manuscript, is part of the collection at the National Library of Russia and is written in Ancient Greek.
Mount Sherrill is a mountain located in New York, United States.
The List of Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Shanghai is a Wikimedia list article documenting cultural properties in China.
Tsonma is a human settlement located in the Myitkyina District of Myanmar.
Matihani is a Village Development Committee located in Mahottari District, Nepal.
SCORE International is a nonprofit organization based in the United States that focuses on motorsport.
Simos Krassas was a member of the Cyprus national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Earl Pomeroy was educated at the University of North Dakota School of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
The Oklahoma Victory Dolls, an instance of a roller derby league, was founded in 2007 in the United States.
Oystermouth is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Swansea.
Golestan is a village located in Ardabil Province, Iran.
Cafe Wha? is located in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, United States.
BRP Rajah Lakandula (PF-4) is a ship manufactured by Brown Shipbuilding and belongs to the United States.
The Golden Screen TV Awards, an award inception in 2004, is based in the Philippines.
Sanlu Highway station is adjacent to Minrui Road station, which connects to a line that runs towards a specific direction.
Maksim Barsov was a member of FC Orenburg from a start time to an end time.
The 2014 Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Hapit Ibrahim is a midfielder who plays for Sriwijaya F.C. and is a human.
The Louis Cabot House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in the United States.
The Joint Opposition, an organization based in Sri Lanka, is chaired by Dinesh Gunawardena.
Alejandro Villanueva was a member of the Peru national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified times.
The 1965 World Figure Skating Championships followed the previous championships and was followed by the next championships in the series.
Joan Subirats was educated at the University of Barcelona, earning an academic degree from the university.
Rodrigo Ruiz was a member of the Chile national football team from its start time until its end time.
Plumcreek Township is a township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Cliff Brown was a member of the Kansas City Comets from its start time until its end time.
Ang Lee received a BAFTA Award for Best Direction for his direction work at a specific point in time.
Antonio Moreno Ruiz was a member of the sports team Pontevedra CF, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Bolshoye Ignatovo is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bolsheignatovsky District, with specific start and end times for the district.
Scheurleer & Zoonen is a business based in the Netherlands.
Friendswood Development Company, a business founded in 1962, has its headquarters in Houston.
Jani Tapani Virtanen was a member of the sports team Rovaniemen Palloseura, with a start and end time for his membership.
Angelos Anastasiadis was a member of the Greece national football team from its start time until its end time.
Tracy Horgan is a human.
Wiechowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Marianowo.
Billel Omrani was a member of the France national under-18 football team, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
The 1923 Walker Cup, an instance of a sports season, took place in 1923 and involved golf.
Gus Bilirakis attended Stetson University College of Law, earning his academic degree from there.
Tianzhou 1 was launched into space via a rocket from a specific location on a particular date.
Dwayne McGerrigle is a human who is a member of the Ireland cricket team.
Artyom Leonov was a member of the sports team FC Torpedo Minsk, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Kosta Yanev was a member of FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Dutch Bridge Federation, a sports governing body founded in 1930, oversees bridge competitions in the Netherlands.
Lost Creek is a river in the United States, specifically located in Missouri.
José Ramón Esnaola was a member of Real Betis, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Terry Felix was a member of the Canada men's national soccer team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Blenheim River is a river located in Saint Andrew Parish, Dominica.
Brian Edmeades was a member of the Essex County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
Zambra is a folk dance that is a facet of flamenco and originates from Spain.
Parmer County, Texas has its county seat in Farwell, Texas, which is also contained within the county. It borders Lamb County, Texas.
Armando Peverelli played for Italy in sports, with his involvement starting at a certain time and ending at another.
The Atlanta Baroque Orchestra, founded in 1997, is an orchestra based in the United States.
Larry Bird received the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award in men's basketball.
Trace Adkins records with BBR Music Group and Capitol Records Nashville, and plays the guitar.
Florian Kainz was a member of the sports team SK Sturm Graz, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Zach Pope was a member of the Austin Lightning from its start time until its end time.
Walderton is a village located in West Sussex, United Kingdom.
Assédio is a television show from Brazil distributed by Rede Globo.
Karlo Primorac was a member of NK Osijek, starting and ending at specific times.
Baltimore Township is a township located in Barry County, Michigan, United States.
Jonatas Belusso is a member of the sports team Ermis Aradippou FC, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Outsourced is a TV series created by Ken Kwapis, produced in the English language and distinct from the Outsourced film.
First Capital Realty, a public company, was founded in 1994.
Derenik Demirchian was a student at Gevorgian Seminary, which started his education there.
Marcelo Tolomeotti was a member of Goiânia Esporte Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Carolina Ballet, a nonprofit organization based in the United States, was founded in 1997.
Dino Jelusick won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2003, representing his country.
Luis Fernández coached Stade de Reims, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Paintsville Independent School District is a school district located in Kentucky, United States.
Castlefield Gallery, an art museum, was established in 1984 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Nicolle Flint ran as a candidate in the 2019 Australian federal election for a specific political party in a particular electoral district.
Traungold Cave, discovered in 1999, is a cave located in Austria.
James Magee was a member of the Ireland cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Anco-Huallo District is a district in Peru, located in the Chincheros Province.
Stefan Pavlov was a member of the sports team FC Chepinets Velingrad, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
German submarine U-363 was part of the 8th U-boat Flotilla, with a start and end time for its deployment.
Éric Matoukou was a member of the Cameroon national football team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Andrés Romero, an Argentine footballer, was a member of Clube Náutico Capibaribe from a start time to an end time.
Tulki Tappehsi is a village located in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Robbin Ruiter was a member of FC Volendam, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Karen Keiser is a human who is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and is named Karen.
Slyce is a business that was founded in 2012 and has its headquarters in Toronto.
More Radio Eastbourne is a radio station that began operations in 1997 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Bedevilled Rabbit is a cartoon from the Merrie Melodies series, originally from the United States and set in Tasmania.
Diego Bengolea was a member of Club Aurora, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Acostambo District is a district in Peru, located in the administrative territory of Tayacaja Province.
Varunastra, an Indian torpedo, is manufactured by Bharat Dynamics Limited.
Diego Tonetto was a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Union Station in Toronto is adjacent to the Oriole GO Station, which connects to a line that runs towards other destinations.
Adams Musical Instruments is a musical instrument manufacturing company headquartered in Thorn, Netherlands.
The Stuttgart Formation is a geological formation that belongs to the Middle Keuper subgroup and is located in Germany.
Joseph Laumann was a member of the MSV Duisburg II team from its start time until its end time.
Sulthankada is a village located in Idukki district, India.
Yuriy Tselykh was a member of FC Metalist Kharkiv, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Thomas Henry Burke held the position of deputy mayor at a specific point in time.
Andrei Bulatov was a member of FC Khimki, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Peter Falconet worked in London, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Burlington Community School District is a school district in Iowa, United States.
The 2003 Liechtenstein constitutional referendum was a vote held in Liechtenstein in 2003.
Karkams is a town located in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality, South Africa.
Snuff Puppets is a theatrical troupe based in Victoria, Australia.
Alexandre Ludovic was a member of the sports team G.D. Chaves, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mikalay Zyanko was a member of FC Slutsk, starting and ending his tenure at a specific time.
Daniel Massey received the Laurence Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a Revival in a specific point in time.
IceStone is a business located in Brooklyn, United States.
Christi Craddick is a human who is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Vasil Tachev was a member of the sports team FC Sozopol, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Johan Wallens was a member of C.F. Pachuca, starting at a certain time and ending at another time with the team.
Michael Shishman of Bulgaria was married to Ana-Neda, with their marriage starting at a certain time and ending at another.
John Alexander Simpson attended Reed College and earned an academic degree there.
Call Me Bandicoot, authored by William Pène du Bois and published on January 1, 1970, is a written work.
Al Khalas is a human settlement located in the Makkah Region of Saudi Arabia.
Adra Union is a union council located in Nangalkot Upazila, Bangladesh.
Sherpalam is a union council located in the Swat District of Pakistan.
William Robb, a footballer born in 1895, was a member of the Scotland national football team from its start time until its end time.
Francis Narh was a member of the Ghana national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The Philippine Commission was an upper house of the Philippine Legislature and was abolished in 1916.
Scenes from Goethe's Faust is an oratorio composed by Robert Schumann and originates from Germany.
ESSA-4 was launched on January 26, 1967, from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 using a Thor-Delta rocket.
The Escondido mosque fire occurred in Escondido, California, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of California.
Smrdelje is a human settlement located in Croatia, specifically within the administrative territory of Kistanje.
Horatio Collins King served with allegiance to the United States and is buried at Green-Wood Cemetery.
Addington Racing is a business founded in 1997 and based in the United States.
John McLeod, born in 1866, was a member of the Scotland national football team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Badovinci is a village in Serbia, distinct from Badovinci, Ozalj.
Outwood Academy City Fields is a school located in England, United Kingdom.
Imangali Tasmagambetov held the position of Prime Minister of Kazakhstan with a start and end time.
Ihor Zaytsev, a footballer, was a member of FC Shakhtar Donetsk from a start time to an end time.
Bruno Abbatini was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Rokneddin Mokhtari is a male human who plays the violin.
Advanced Power Management, an application programming interface invented by Microsoft, was first introduced in 1992.
Claud Raymond was educated at Wellington College in Berkshire and received the Victoria Cross.
Fatehpur Talratoy is a village located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Oleksiy Tupchiy was a member of the sports team FC Vitebsk, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
The 1950 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament held in 1950, featuring baseball.
Vina Vidai Vettai Juniors (season 2) is a Tamil-language television series from India.
The Overton Islands, located in Nevada, United States, is an archipelago.
Oleh Karamushka was a member of the sports team FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk, with a start and end time for his membership.
Angela Mortimer won the 1955 French Championships in women's singles, which followed the 1954 championship and was followed by the 1956 championship.
Chrustowo is a village located in Gmina Oborniki, Oborniki County, Poland.
Richard von Mises was advised by Georg Hamel for his doctoral degree, is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, and is related to Alfred Landau.
The State University of Montes Claros is a public educational institution located in Montes Claros, Brazil.
Allensworth School District is a school district located in California, United States.
The National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art is located in Deoksugung, though the specific start and end times for its presence there are not provided.
The Dahlgren River is a river located in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.
Feng Chun-kai was a member of the Action Cycling Team from its start time until its end time.
Sean Jarrett is a human who is a member of the Brisbane Bandits sports team.
Krupy is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Kosów Lacki.
Haverfordwest RFC, an rugby union team, was founded on January 1, 1875.
B. Jayant Baliga received the Global Energy Prize, which is awarded to individuals from his country of citizenship, in a specific year.
Seabank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located in England, United Kingdom.
Sergio Panzardo was a member of the Stade Malherbe Caen team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Ian Botting was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team from its start time until its end time.
Old Ones, a literary work published by Palladium Books, was authored by Kevin Siembieda.
Jay Richard Stauffer Jr. is educated at Virginia Tech; his given name is Jay and his family name is Stauffer.
Archie Kyle was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a start and end time for his participation in the team.
The Portrait of Leslie W. Miller, which depicts a man, is located in the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Confluence Park is a park located in Colorado, United States.
The Sarasota Police Department, an instance of a municipal police force, was established in 1913 in the United States.
Cross Creek was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design.
Thatta Jhamb is a human settlement located in the Chiniot District of Pakistan.
Sattar Hamedani was a member of Al-Nassr FC, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
David Neft is a human who was educated at Columbia Business School.
The D.N. Edmiston House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Scottdale is a census-designated place located in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
Alfredo Trentalange is a human who plays association football.
Ognjen Mudrinski was a member of Red Star Belgrade, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Sunnybrook State Park, an instance of a Connecticut state park, was established on January 1, 1970, in the United States.
Emil Stoev was a member of FC Spartak Plovdiv, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
The Williams-Ball-Copeland House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The National Order of Chad, an order of distinction, was instituted on April 12, 1960, in Chad.
Enis Hajri was a member of the sports team SpVgg Ludwigsburg, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Richmond Times-Dispatch is a broadsheet newspaper published in Richmond, Virginia, in the English language.
Kim Christofte was a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Aleksandr Maslov was a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Makhachkala, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Andreas Drugge was a member of Trelleborgs FF, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Narain Swamy was a member of the India national cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
The USS Hué City is based at Naval Station Mayport, Florida, and was manufactured by Ingalls Shipbuilding.
Hervé Bugnet was a member of the sports team Montpellier HSC, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Sunol Water Temple is a sacred architectural structure located in California, United States.
The Last Pin is a short story published by Fedogan & Bremer, written in the English language.
Howard Phillips was a member of the Hampshire County Cricket Club, with his tenure starting and ending during his time with the club.
The Pullman School District is a school district located in Washington state, United States.
Richard Roxburgh won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work at a specific point in time.
James Gates Percival was educated at Yale School of Medicine, where he earned his academic degree.
Serhiy Kryvtsov was a member of the Ukraine national under-21 football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
HV Swift Roermond is a handball sports club based in the Netherlands.
Thomas Dunne Books, an organization founded in 1986, is headquartered in New York City.
Thomas Pascoe held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
The Temple News is a broadsheet newspaper owned by Temple University.
Layonel Adams is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Osaka 7th district is an instance of a district in the House of Representatives of Japan and is located in Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Los Plebes del Rancho, a Mexican band, performs rock and pop music.
Deniz Aslan was a member of the sports team Boluspor, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Kurpania is a human settlement located in the Bokaro district of India.
Lergho is a village located in the Garango Department of Burkina Faso.
The Maclennan River is a river located in New Zealand's Otago region.
Shafi Goldwasser received the Turing Award in 2012, jointly with Silvio Micali.
The National Core for Neuroethics is a research institute located in British Columbia, Canada.
King Range is a protected area located in California, United States.
Daniel Mogoșanu was a member of the sports team ASC Oțelul Galați, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Len Evans, a human from Wales, played football for Cardiff City F.C.
Krasnoturansky District is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Siberian Krai, with a specified start and end time for its classification as West Siberian Krai.
Peter Cushing received a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at a specific point in time.
IDT Megabite Cafe is a restaurant located in New York City, United States.
The 2015 Mid Sussex District Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Nikolai Gulayev received a Gold Star award at a specific point in time.
The Man Who Japed is an English-language work with its narrative set in New York City, originating from the United States.
Chitinamit is an archaeological site in Guatemala associated with the Maya civilization.
Frost Fire Park is a ski resort located in North Dakota, United States.
Félix Mourinho was a member of the sports team C.F. Os Belenenses, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actor was inception in 1975 and is an award given in the Philippines.
Tommy Atherton was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a specific start and end time for his participation.
Abelardo Fernández was a member of the Spain national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
The Association for Perioperative Practice, an organization founded in 1964, has its headquarters in Harrogate.
Joseph C. Miller is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, where he holds a role in the organization.
Marrakech is a board game published by Gigamic and designed by Dominique Ehrhard.
Our Lady of Vailankanni High School is a secondary school located in Borivali, India.
Deshawn Stephens was a member of the Akita Northern Happinets from a start time to an end time.
Nobby Clark played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time in the NHL.
Jeffrey Talan was a member of the Netherlands national football team from its start time until its end time.
Fahem Ouslati was a member of the sports team MO Constantine, with a start and end time for his tenure.
The Imam Hussein Mosque is a mosque located in Kuwait City, Kuwait.
The John Hoersch House, located in the United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dzwonów is a village located in Poland and is part of the administrative territory of Gmina Chojnów.
Seachanges, including Danse Macabre, is a musical work composed by Raymond Deane and published in 1993.
Pelkachaur is a Village Development Committee located in Syangja District, Nepal.
We Monsters, originally from Germany and produced in German, features Janina Fautz as a cast member.
Braun Motorsports is a business based in the United States that competes in auto racing.
Kenmoe Anuk Aime Takam was a member of the FC Sodovik Sterlitamak sports team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The Monarch Award, an award inception in 2003, is given in the United States.
Vardi Kahana, a human, received the Sokolov Award and works in photography.
David Diach was a member of the Costa Rica national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alan Hollinghurst received the Somerset Maugham Award for his work at a certain point in time.
Yannick Kamanan was a member of the sports team K.V. Oostende, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Robert Yevdokimov was a member of FC Spartak Moscow from its start time until its end time.
Harris Creek is a stream located in Missouri, United States.
The Toyminator is a work of fantasy literature in the English language, following The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse.
Rafael Tesser was a member of Clube Atlético Mineiro, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mulux is a human settlement located in the Ismailli District of Azerbaijan.
WJSB is a radio station located in Florida, United States.
Wuhan Business District station is adjacent to Wangjiadun East station, which connects to a line that runs towards it.
George Roy Hill received a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing — Feature Film for his work at a specific point in time.
Karakyz is a human settlement located in the Quba District of Azerbaijan.
The German submarine U-473 is used for educational purposes, with a specific start and end time for the educational program.
Matthew Olson was a member of the Seattle BigFoot team from its start time until its end time.
Bank Foot Metro station is adjacent to Kingston Park Metro station and serves as a connecting line towards it.
Martin Albano Pautasso was a member of Club Atlético Independiente from its start time until its end time.
Meridian 2 was the location of a rocket launch, which occurred at a specific point in time.
Gerry Doran was a member of the Ireland national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Hillary Clinton held a position at the Rose Law Firm.
Angie Kerr was a member of the Portland Thorns FC from its start time until its end time.
Robinson Department Store (Japan), a business founded on October 31, 1984, has its headquarters in Kasukabe, Saitama.
Erez Lapid is a human who was educated at Tel Aviv University and was advised by Stephen Gelbart for his doctoral studies.
Pavel Matyash was a member of the sports team Maziya S&RC, with a start and end time for his membership.
Tony Kaltak was a member of the Vanuatu national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Wicked Cyclone is a roller coaster located in the United States, manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction.
Reinhard Lauck was a member of the Berliner FC Dynamo sports team from its start time until its end time.
Kim Kielsen held the position of Prime Minister of Greenland, starting after a predecessor.
Venderevo is a village and a subdivision of Russia.
Corbo is a film distributed by Christal Films, originally filmed in French and set in Montreal.
The N73 road in Ireland is a road located in County Cork, Republic of Ireland.
Andreas Neuendorf was a member of the sports team Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Worthing, Norfolk is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Norfolk, United Kingdom.
Cirilo Flores held the position of diocesan bishop in a diocese, succeeding the previous bishop.
George Tsontakis received the Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition in a specific year.
India Infoline is a business that was founded in 1995 and has its headquarters in New Delhi.
Gyan Bharati School, an institution founded in 1980, is located in India.
Thilina Kandamby was a member of the Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club from its start time until its end time.
Ashley Hartog was a member of F.C. Cape Town from a start time to an end time.
Huseyn Mahammadov was a member of the sports team Turan-Tovuz IK, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Maroutsaia School, founded in 1742, is a school located in Greece.
Madhuwan is a Village Development Committee located in Sunsari District, Nepal.
Jean Poyer is a human who speaks and writes in French and is known for his work on the Hours of Henry VIII.
Harbin was located in Songjiang Province from its start time until its end time.
The Green Jackets Brigade, an instance of a military unit in the British Army, was inceptioned on January 1, 1948.
John Dyson played for the New South Wales cricket team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The List of Prince George's County Public Schools middle schools is a Wikimedia list article containing information about middle schools in the United States.
Stone Cross Halt railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom, specifically within the Wealden District.
Stefano Kunchev was a member of PFC Levski Sofia from its start time until its end time.
ACS Dacia Unirea Brăila, playing in Liga II, is coached by Florentin Petre and plays its home games at Stadionul Municipal in Brăila.
Tina Sharkey is a human resident of Mill Valley, California.
Cleiton Xavier was a member of the Brazil national football team from its start time until its end time.
The Old Rochester Regional School District is a school district located in Massachusetts, United States.
Adagoor is a village located in Tumkur, Karnataka, India.
Asier Riesgo was a member of Real Sociedad B from its start time until its end time.
Juan Chang was a member of the Cascade Surge from its start time until its end time.
Dahe is a town located in Luquan District, China.
The San Diego Bay Wine & Food Festival is a food festival located in San Diego County, California, United States.
Adolphe Bousquet was a member of the France national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific periods.
The Los Angeles Garment Workers strike of 1933 was a strike action that took place in the United States in 1933.
Roy Davies played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Penrith Building Society, a business established in 1877, has its headquarters in Penrith, Cumbria.
The Oneida Number Three Tunnel is a tunnel located in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Imraan Mohammad was a member of the Gloucestershire County Cricket Club, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Bernhard Raab was a member of the sports team Karlsruher SC from its start time until its end time.
Malimdul is a village located in the administrative territorial entity of Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, Iran.
Alfred Noyes was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature at a specific point in time.
Joannes Hermans worked in Rome from a start time to an end time.
Hugo Enyinnaya was a member of the sports team A.S.D. Anziolavinio, with a start and end time for his membership.
B'nai Yosef Synagogue is a synagogue located in Brooklyn, United States.
Pierce Township in Lawrence County, Missouri, is part of the list of townships in Missouri and is located within the United States.
Uilliams Bomfim Souza is a member of Arapongas Esporte Clube, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the club.
Mikel Amantegui is a member of CF Badalona, with his start and end times for his tenure with the team recorded.
Dzmitry Aharodnik was a member of FC Metallurg Lipetsk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Ken Hough was a member of the Australia national soccer team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Clare People, a tabloid newspaper, was founded in 2005.
The 2017 TCR International Series Hungaroring round is a season event held in Hungary in 2017.
Jock Hobbs was a member of the Canterbury Rugby Football Union from its start time until its end time.
Mauro Caballero was a member of Club Libertad from its start time until its end time.
Brewington Creek is a river located in Bandera County, Texas, United States.
Ansu Fati is a human who plays for FC Barcelona and has the family name Fati.
Pojoaque Valley Public Schools is a school district located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States.
Dreadnaught is a Hong Kong film produced by Orange Sky Golden Harvest, originally filmed in Cantonese.
The Somerset Hills Regional School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Koichi Hashigaito was a member of Gamba Osaka from its start time until the end time.
Volodymyr Savchenko, a footballer, has Ukrainian citizenship and played for the Ukraine national football team from a start time to an end time.
Mario Kröpfl was a member of the sports team FC Gratkorn, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
West Stewartstown is a census-designated place located in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States.
Tom Cochrane was nominated for the Juno Award for Single of the Year at a specific point in time.
Oleksandr Ishchenko was a member of FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Melandaha Upazila is an upazila in Jamalpur District, Bangladesh.
Mathew Ryan is a footballer who played for both Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. and Central Coast Mariners FC, and participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The Vancouver VooDoo, an ice hockey team, was inceptioned in 1993.
The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 1958 is a list article featuring the top fiction writing from that year.
Boilghin is a human settlement located in the Salogo Department of Burkina Faso.
Loni Bhapkar is a village located in Maharashtra, India.
Jeanne Galzy received the Prix Brentano award for her work in a specific year.
Sulifou Faaloua was a member of the American Samoa national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Elvira Notari was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Hiregunjal is a village located in the Dharwad district of India.
The De Saisset Museum is an art museum located in San Jose, California, United States.
Paul Panhuysen worked at Eindhoven from a start time to an end time.
Élie Kroupi was a member of the sports team FC Lorient, starting and ending at specific times.
Paincourtville is a census-designated place located in Louisiana, United States.
Hot in the City follows Mony Mony and is followed by White Wedding (the song), with producer Keith Forsey.
Elon Lindenstrauss received both the EMS Prize and the Fermat Prize, and his father was Joram Lindenstrauss.
The Topeka Senators (Collegiate) is a baseball team based in the United States.
Lilium GmbH is a company that was founded in 2015.
Thierno Youm was a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The GER Class R24 operated by the Great Eastern Railway had a start time and an end time for its service.
Daniel Mullen was a member of the Para Hills Knights SC from a start time to an end time.
Paul Tonko was educated at Clarkson University, where he earned an academic degree.
Do Me Again is a song performed by Freddie Jackson, released in 1991.
Sarah Robbins was a member of the Laval Comets from a start time to an end time.
Walk Thru is a hip-hop music artist whose genre falls under hip-hop music.
Chandkati is a human settlement located in the Pirojpur District of Bangladesh.
The Kaplan Teachers Union, a trade union, was established in 2012 in the United States.
San Clemente Canyon is a canyon located in California, United States.
Song Han-bok was a member of the Jeonnam Dragons sports team from its start time until its end time.
Andrei Agius was a member of FK Zemun, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
B.J. Habibie was the head of state of Indonesia, starting at a specific time and ending at another.
Xie Juezai was a citizen of the Qing dynasty, which ruled from a start time to an end time.
Kampong Rou District is a district located in Svay Rieng Province, Cambodia.
Janne Salli was a member of the Finland national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The palmaris brevis muscle is a type of hypothenar muscle and is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition).
Pitmoaga is a village located in the Kokologo Department of Burkina Faso.
Mahisadal Raj High School, founded in 1874, is a high school located in India, similar to those found in North America.
Yekaterina Marennikova participated in handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award, presumably alongside teammates.
Mike Kirmse was a member of the sports team FSV Salmrohr, with a start and end time for his membership.
Ducros Plantation, a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in the United States.
The Charity Shield in Rugby league, which is held in Australia, began on January 1, 1982.
José Argoitia was a member of the Sestao Sport Club from its start time until its end time.
Neve is a British band based in the United Kingdom, specializing in rock and pop music, and is signed to Nebula Records.
Maksim Burchenko was a member of FC Torpedo Moscow from its start time until its end time.
The Book of Zhou, authored by Linghu Defen and part of the Twenty-Four Histories, is a historical book.
Zedge, a software application, was first released in 2009 and was published for the first time in 2003.
Rafael Schmitz is a human who plays sports for Brazil and is a member of the Lille OSC team.
Diego Benaglio was a member of VfB Stuttgart II from its start time until its end time.
Rivière Témiscamie Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Quebec, Canada.
Andrei Polin was a member of FC Sportakademklub Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Darko Bodul is a member of the sports team FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, joining the team at a specific point in time.
Viktor Shkurat was a member of FC Rostov, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Airborne Athletics is a business headquartered in Minneapolis that produces sports equipment.
The 1867 City of Dunedin by-election was a by-election held in New Zealand in 1867.
Orono is a census-designated place located in Penobscot County, Maine, United States.
The List of Ramsar sites in Mexico is a Wikimedia list article that documents various Ramsar sites in the country.
Orjaku is a village located in Hiiumaa Parish, Estonia.
North Rode Manor is an English country house and a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom.
Sergio Blanco was a member of Club Necaxa, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Benjamin Usher is a human who is a member of the Durham Cricket Board.
Anton Matveyev was a member of the sports team PFC Dynamo Stavropol, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Tibbi Ranga is a village located in Firozpur district, India.
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi was part of the Russian Empire from its start time until its end time.
Rhys Thompson played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Pirri was a member of the Spain national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
The Lost Wandering Blues and Jazz Band is a jazz band from the United States, categorized under rock and pop music.
Valerică Găman was a member of the sports team FCSB, with a start time and an end time for her membership.
The Nash-Reid-Hill House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The European Polymer Journal is a scientific journal published by Elsevier, focusing primarily on chemistry.
Yuliya Menshova's father is Vladimir Menshov, her mother is Vera Alentova, and she is married to Igor Gordin.
Vasily Yefremov was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union.
Varbola Stronghold, an archaeological monument and hillfort, is located in Estonia.
Balting is a Village Development Committee located in Kavrepalanchok District, Nepal.
Rhithymna is an ancient city located in Greece.
Lars Martin Engedal was a member of the Norway national under-19 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf was a member of the Comoros national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Kolah Duz Mahalleh is a village located in Gilan Province, Iran.
Alex Hutchings was a member of the sports team ETC Crimmitschau, with a start and end time for his participation.
Terry Prindiville was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The West Regional League, a sports league founded in 1973, competes in rugby union.
Corine van der Zijden is a human who is a member of the Feminine Cycling Team.
Christopher Mann played for Durham County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Arnhold Rivas was a member of the Cimarrones de Sonora team, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Lawrence Batley Seniors is a golf tournament that began in 1992.
Octavian Chihaia was a member of the sports team CS Otopeni, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Claudio Jara was a member of A.D. Carmelita from its start time until its end time.
Thomaston is an unincorporated community located in DeWitt County, Texas, United States.
Asurena is a village development committee located in Rupandehi District, Nepal.
High Tor State Park is located in New York state, United States, and is an instance of a New York state park.
The 1914 Saint John street railway strike is a strike action that took place in Canada in 1914.
Alberto Babo is a human who is a member of the sports team G.D. Interclube. His given name is Alberto.
Djibo Department is a department of Burkina Faso, located in the Soum Province.
Ichiji Otani was a member of the Japan national football team from its start time until its end time.
Dinei is a member of Goiatuba Esporte Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sargis Hovsepyan was a member of the sports team Lori FC, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Hakim Saci is a member of the UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole sports team, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Bruno Bertucci is a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, with a start and end time for his involvement in the team.
Tin Ping West is a council constituency located in the North District of Hong Kong, China.
Ivan Dimitrov, a footballer, was a member of FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Dennis Schmidt played for Wuppertaler SV during a period that started and ended at specific times.
Viktor Leonov was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union at a specific point in time.
Clinton Presba Anderson was educated at a primary school, which had a role in his early education.
Palen Creek Correctional Centre was established in 1934 and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Formosa Boulevard metro station is adjacent to Kaohsiung Main Station and connects to it on a line that travels towards that station.
Luis Alberto Bonnet was a member of Club Atlético Atlanta, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Anya Ulinich is a female human.
Irfan Ismail, a cricketer born in 1988, was a member of the Quetta Bears team from its start time until its end time.
Wolfgang Dremmler was a member of FC Bayern Munich, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Little Penny is an unincorporated community located in Mendocino County, California, United States.
Yalta was located in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, which started in 1922 and ended in 1991.
Cayley/A.J. Flying Ranch Airport is an airport located in Alberta, Canada.
Luwingu District is a district located in the Northern Province of Zambia.
Vera Charles was educated at Cornell University, where she earned an academic degree.
The Shakespeare Wars, authored by Ron Rosenbaum and published on January 1, 2006, is a book.
Dale DeGray played in the National Hockey League from a start time to an end time.
Williams v Bayley is a legal case heard by the Judicial functions of the House of Lords in the United Kingdom.
Branco, a footballer, played for the Brazilian national football team from its start time until its end time. He is a citizen of Brazil.
Paul Terry, the cartoonist, resided in New York City starting from a certain time.
Joar Vaadal was a member of Steinkjer FK from its start time until its end time.
The Gautam Buddha University School of Biotechnology, which was established in 2009, is an institution within the university system in India.
Timothy Scannell was a member of the Victoria cricket team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Marie Borroff was educated at Yale University, where she earned an academic degree.
National Small Industries Corporation, a business established in 1955, has its headquarters in Delhi.
The 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards, held on April 4, 2004, is a ceremony that falls under the category of Hong Kong Film Awards.
Amachavadi is a village located in Karnataka, India.
Koen Wesdorp is a midfielder who plays for Helmond Sport and is a human.
Tom Morrison was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Plainfield Public School District is a school district located in New Jersey, United States.
Vaman Kumar is a human from India who represents India in sports.
Romain Achilli was a member of the sports team SC Bastia, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Niki Lauda won the 1974 Spanish Grand Prix, starting from pole position and also setting the fastest lap.
Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima was a member of Americano Futebol Clube, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the team.
The Petersfield School was founded on January 1, 1958, and is located in Petersfield. However, there seems to be a discrepancy as it was also mentioned to have another inception date of July 1, 2011; please clarify if this is a new start or an additional information.
Eduard Ivakdalam was a member of the sports team Persipura Jayapura, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
"Leave Me Alone with the Blues" is a country music song performed by Hank Williams.
Ervin Fakaj was a member of the sports team Eintracht Nordhorn, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Luis Robles was a member of the Colorado Rapids U-23 team from its start time until its end time.
Hounslow Central tube station, an instance of a London Underground station, officially opened in 1933 and is adjacent to Hounslow East tube station.
Attila Simon, a footballer born in 1983, was a member of Paksi FC from its start time until its end time.
The Stanley Dynamic is an English-language live-action animated sitcom.
Ousmane N'Doye was a member of Toulouse FC from a start time to an end time.
The Iveco LMV is an infantry mobility vehicle manufactured by Fiat Automobiles in Italy.
Yakiv Zalevskyi was born in Volgograd, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Mary Louise Rhodes was educated at the University of Missouri, where she earned an academic degree.
Taiga Maekawa is a midfielder who plays for Tokushima Vortis and is a human.
Bob Oates was a member of the England national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Steven Schiff was educated at the University of New Mexico School of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
Carlos Matheu was a member of the Argentina national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
South Richmond High School is a high school in the United States, located in the state of New York.
Petru Racu was a member of the sports team FC Milsami Orhei, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Eshera is a human settlement located in the Sukhumi District of Georgia.
Sheridan County School District Number 3 is a school district located in Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States.
Kerala Electrical and Allied Engineering Company was established in 1964 and is a public sector undertaking in Kerala, India.
Northern Lights Community School is a high school located in Minnesota, United States.
Bridgetown is a village located in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Konstantin Kulik was a member of FC Odessa, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Pioneer Mall is a shopping mall located in Singapore and appears on the list of places in the city-state.
The Myanmar Payment Union, a business entity, was founded on September 2011 and has its headquarters in Yangon.
Siddavatam is a village located in India, specifically in the administrative territorial entity of Sidhout mandal.
Carel Van Falens worked in Paris from a start time to an end time.
The Brooklyn Skating Club is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Radio Helderberg is a community-owned radio station based in South Africa.
The North Scott Community School District is an educational institution located in Scott County, Iowa, United States.
José Andrés Carranza was a citizen of Peru and played for the Peru national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Subcity Radio is a radio station located in Glasgow City, United Kingdom.
Andrea Gentile was a member of F.C. Canavese, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Lucknow West is a constituency of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India and is located in Uttar Pradesh.
Life Less Ordinary is a Singapore-originated TV series produced in the Chinese language.
Angiolino Gasparini was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mazirbe is a village located in Latvia, specifically within the administrative territory of Kolka Parish.
Matteo Mancosu was a member of the sports team A.S.D. Atletico Elmas, with a start and end time for his membership.
Asraruddin Putra Omar is a member of the sports team Selangor FA, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Kanhu Charan Mohanty received the Sahitya Akademi Award in a specific year.
Damti station is adjacent to Yeonho station, which is on a connecting line towards that direction.
The 1993 Virginia House of Delegates election was an election held in the United States on November 2, 1993.
The Thomas A. Snellgrove Homestead, a building located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Brani Do is a human settlement located in the Trebinje Municipality of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Madger Gomes is a midfielder who plays for Leeds United F.C. and is a human.
Murarhalli is a village located in Karnataka, India.
Charlton Hinman is a human who received the Rhodes Scholarship and was educated at the University of Virginia.
Adrian Falub was a member of FC Basel from a start time to an end time.
Harlekin is a musical composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, published on January 1, 1975.
Möldri meri is a lake located in Estonia.
Karen Aleksanyan was a member of Ulisses FC from its start time until its end time.
Andrej Komac was a member of the Slovenia national football team from its start time until its end time.
Jack Wright held the position of Chief Secretary of South Australia, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Graeme Hugo was educated at the Australian National University, where he obtained an academic degree.
Kwame Boateng was a member of FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac from a start time to an end time.
Kankavli is a human settlement located in the Sindhudurg district of India.
Hasse Jeppson was a member of S.S.C. Napoli, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Sam Williams, a defensive back, was a member of the Los Angeles Chargers from its start time until its end time.
Wright Air Service, an airline based in the United States, was founded in 1967.
Aleksandr Dmitriyevich Kuznetsov was a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Simen Rafn was a member of Fredrikstad FK from its start time until its end time.
Andriy Rusol was a member of the Ukraine national football team from its start time until its end time.
The Learning Curve International School is an institution located in Karnataka, India.
HC Devils Milano is an ice hockey team that was founded in 1989.
Fabio Carpi's citizenship with Italy started and ended at unspecified times.
Daniela Alves Lima is a member of Linköpings FC, with a start time and an end time for her tenure with the team.
Sofiane Melliti was a member of Gaziantepspor from its start time until its end time.
Lester G. Telser was employed by the University of Chicago and earned an academic degree from there, with his time at the university ending at some point.
Fife Public Schools is a school district located in Washington state, United States.
Cachorro López received a Latin Grammy Award for Producer of the Year at a specific point in time.
The F4 Japanese Championship, an instance of a sports festival, began on January 1, 2015, in Japan.
The 2017 Humboldt State Lumberjacks football team participated in an American football season in 2017.
Terry Greer is a human who was educated at Alabama State University and is a member of the San Francisco 49ers.
The 1977 Australian Sports Sedan Championship is a season that took place in Australia in 1977.
Simon Duggan won the AACTA Award for Best Cinematography for his work in 2021.
David Mathers played for the Scotland national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Victorien Djedje was a member of the Ivory Coast national under-23 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Pino Daeni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Novellist is a male horse born on March 10, 2009, and his father is Monsun.
Sporcle is a website that was inceptioned in 2007 and is primarily conducted in the English language.
Hubertus Quellinus worked in Rome, starting and ending his tenure there at specific times.
Maarten Tjallingii was a member of the Team Jumbo -- Visma cycling team from its start time until its end time.
Noah's Mill is a drink manufactured by Willett Distillery in the United States.
Theo Brokmann was a member of AFC Ajax from the start time to the end time of his affiliation with the club.
Ouka Leele is a human whose genre is Johannes Leonardus van der Heijden, and she speaks, writes, or signs in Spanish.
Iván Malón was a member of the sports team Real Murcia, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ruel Brathwaite was a member of the British Universities cricket team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
The Journal of Bridge Engineering is a scientific journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers, and it is written in the English language.
Leonardo Ponzio was a member of the Argentina national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Diaoyutai Subdistrict is a subdistrict located in Lubei District, China.
Dmitry Mikhaylov was a member of FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Cathedral of the Nativity in Cairo is an Orthodox cathedral located in the Cairo Governorate, Egypt.
The Wildcat Hills is a landform located in Nebraska, United States.
McKee Creek is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada.
Kris Bryant, a third baseman for the United States, received the Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award.
Ridha El Louze was a member of the Tunisia national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Bezdan is a human settlement located in the Sombor District of Serbia.
Ralph Wright played for the Miami Toros football team, with a start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Sonic Protest is a music festival that began in 2003 and is held in France.
Rocket Raccoon is a limited series comic published by Marvel Comics, authored by Bill Mantlo.
Michel De Wolf was a member of the sports team K.A.A. Gent, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Opa Nguette was a member of the France national under-18 football team, with a start and end time for his involvement on the team.
Whitwell Common is a village located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom.
Beaumont Cranfield was a member of the Somerset County Cricket Club, with a start and end time for his involvement in the club.
Leslie Fitzpatrick was a member of the Cincinnati Riverhawks from a start time to an end time.
Andrew Lemoncello is a human who was educated at Florida State University.
The Champion-Providence Mine is a gold mine located in California, United States.
The White Foil Gold Mine is a mine located in Western Australia, Australia.
Domenico Caso was a member of the Inter Milan sports team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Silver Side Up won the Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year.
Roman Voynarovskyi was a member of FC Desna Chernihiv from its start time until its end time.
Marion Wilson, an artist with the given name Marion and family name Wilson, was educated at the University of Cincinnati.
Arnaldo Bonfanti was a member of the sports team Calcio Lecco 1912, with a start and end time for his membership.
Jake Lehmann was a member of the Adelaide Strikers from its start time until its end time.
Chapel Brampton is a village located in England, United Kingdom.
Paul Symon held the position of Director-General of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service, starting after his predecessor.
St. Andrews is a census-designated place located in Richland County, South Carolina, United States.
Sahib Abbas was a member of Al-Talaba SC from its start time until its end time.
Robert Hurt, a politician, was educated at Hampden-Sydney College, where he earned an academic degree.
Francisco Bahamondes was a member of Unión La Calera from its start time until its end time.
Alicia Lourteig received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
SunDog: Frozen Legacy, developed by FTL Games and designed by Bruce Webster, can be played using a joystick.
Wesam Malik is a midfielder who plays for Naft Al-Junoob SC and is a human.
Morten Knudsen is a member of the sports team A.C. Prato, and he joined the team through an acquisition transaction.
Green Day won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a certain point in time.
Sutter Union High School District is a school district located in California, United States.
Alexei Kalyuzhny was born in Minsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belarus.
The Bishkhali River is a river in Bangladesh that flows into the Bay of Bengal.
Clint Irwin was a member of the Charlotte Eagles from a start time to an end time.
Sascha Bigalke was a member of Hertha BSC II, starting and ending at specific times.
Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You, Baby) was produced by Arif Mardin and released on Atco Records, following the album Boom Bang-a-Bang.
Matt Millen was a member of the Oakland Raiders from a start time to an end time.
Marco Weißhaupt was a member of the sports team Sportfreunde Siegen, with a start and end time for his membership.
Lord Livingstone 7000 Kandi is a Malayalam film produced by Prem Menon, originating from India.
Paul Wynnyk commanded the 3rd Canadian Division, though the specific start and end times are not provided in the graph.
Sadiya is a human settlement located in the Tinsukia district of India.
Ugolnye Kopi is an urban-type settlement in Russia.
The film "Seven Wonders of the World" was directed by both Paul Mantz and Tay Garnett and originated from the United States.
Faradje is a human settlement located in the Faradje Territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Barassie is a village located in South Ayrshire, United Kingdom.
Adam Zampa was a member of the Sydney Thunder team from its start time until its end time.
Motor City Mechanics is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Gregory Claeys is a member of the Academia Europaea, with an affiliation starting at a specific time.
Scottish Television's headquarters is located at Theatre Royal in Glasgow, though the graph also mentions start and end times for the theatre, which are not directly related to the headquarters location.
Gadabay District is located in Azerbaijan and was part of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic from its start time until its end.
Gianfranco Petris was a member of the sports team U.S. Triestina Calcio 1918, with a start and end time for his membership.
Hey Nineteen, produced by Gary Katz, is a song from the United States that follows the Steely Dan song "Josie."
Ashley Day was a member of the Durham Cricket Board, with a specific start and end time for her tenure.
Chunaw is a human settlement located in the Myitkyina District of Myanmar.
Beverly Farms is a human settlement located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ain Tarik District is a district located in the Relizane Province of Algeria.
Anatoli Tebloyev was a member of FC Oryol, starting and ending his time with the team at specific dates.
Abbasqulular, Tovuz is a human settlement located in the Tovuz District of Azerbaijan.
The 1964 Redbridge London Borough Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
Benik Hovhannisyan is a midfielder who plays for FC Urartu and is a human.
"With a Song in My Heart" is a song composed by Richard Rodgers, published in 1929.
The Clarkson Golden Knights women's ice hockey team is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Thad McIntosh Guyer, a human and a member of the United States Army, received the Bronze Star Medal.
The NCCU International MBA program, which was established in 2001, is located in Taipei and is an instance of a university.
Milecastle 16 is a human settlement located in Northumberland, United Kingdom.
The Republic of Lucca was a medieval commune that existed from a start time to an end time.
The Taste of Tea, an anime from Japan, features cast members Kenichi Matsuyama and Anna Tsuchiya.
Heinz Fromm is a human who is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. His family name is Fromm.
Rusydina Antardayu Riodingin is a human from Indonesia who plays badminton.
The Albatros L 79 is an aircraft model and a subclass of aerobatic aircraft, manufactured by Albatros Flugzeugwerke.
Chandrayaan-2's significant event was its rocket launch, which occurred at a specific location and point in time.
A.J. Guyton was a member of the Virtus Pallacanestro Bologna basketball team from its start time until its end time.
Lienchiang County Constituency is a regional district for the Taiwan legislative election and is located in Lienchiang County, Taiwan.
New Wells is an unincorporated community located in Missouri, United States.
Heracles General Cement is a business headquartered in Athens and owned by LafargeHolcim.
Manderley Castle, an instance of a castle, was inceptioned in 1840 and is located in the Republic of Ireland.
John Fulton Reid was a member of the Auckland cricket team, with his involvement starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Richmond Centre is a provincial electoral district in Canada, established in 1991.
Philippsbourg is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bezirk Lothringen, with a specified start time for this designation.
Michal Macek was a member of the Czech Republic national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure on the team are not provided.
The 1964 Kesteven County Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom.
The Polish League Against Defamation, an organization founded on November 2012, has its headquarters in Warsaw.
Big Bend Ranch State Park was established in 1988 and is operated by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, located on the continent of North America.
Boris Papazov was a member of PFC Akademik Sofia, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Ricardo Vilar was a member of Treze Futebol Clube, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Mamuka Lomidze is a human who plays as a defender for FC Rostov.
Pat Daley played in the National Hockey League from a start time to an end time.
Medicine: Prep Manual for Undergraduates is a book published by Elsevier on January 1, 2015.
Maurice Jarre received the European Film Academy Achievement in World Cinema Award at a specific point in time.
John Jones played for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
David Titterton is a human who plays for the sports team Hereford United F.C.
Enzo Benedetti was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Piotr Jegor was a member of the Poland national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Harper's Dictionary of Classical Antiquities, an American written work, was authored by Harry Thurston Peck.
Suehirocho Station in Tokyo opened officially in 1930 and is connected to the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line, with Ueno-hirokoji Station as an adjacent station.
The Wuhua County Olympic Sports Centre, located in Wuhua County, China, is used for association football.
Matteo Darmian was a member of A.C. Milan, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The 2006 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament is a season of baseball held in 2006.
Ibrahim Babatunde was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with a start and end time for his membership.
Talesh Sara is a village located in the Chehel Shahid Rural District, Iran.
Turopolje is a region in Croatia, with its capital city being Velika Gorica.
Perumpadappu is a village located in the Malappuram district of India.
Sinclair Island Conservation Park is a conservation park located in South Australia, Australia.
Pierre Merkel was a member of VfB Oldenburg from a start time to an end time.
Christie Memorial Provincial Park is a provincial park of Canada located in the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen.
Novo Selo is a village in Bulgaria, located in the Kyustendil Municipality.
Martin Jakubko was a member of the sports team FC Amkar Perm, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
The Zenith STOL CH 801 is an aircraft manufactured by Zenair and designed by Chris Heintz.
Alan Ackroyd is a human who played for the Halifax R.L.F.C. sports team. His given name is Alan.
Der Stürmer, edited by Julius Streicher, was published in the German language and originated from the Weimar Republic.
Justina Chen is a human who received the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature.
Steven Perry was a member of the Wilmington Hammerheads FC from its start time until its end time.
Rustam Abdullaev was a member of the sports team Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Mariusz Lewandowski was a member of the Poland national football team from its start time until its end time.
Sara McLanahan earned her degree from the University of Texas at Austin.
On Telecoms is a business that was founded in 2006 and has its headquarters in Chalandri.
Lord Stirling Park is a county park located in New Jersey, United States.
Congregation Ahavath Chesed is a synagogue located in Florida, United States.
Lockeridge is a village located in Wiltshire, United Kingdom.
The Fastest, an Italian film, stars Ewan McGregor and Colin Edwards.
Jim Pearson is a human from Scotland who plays sports for St Johnstone F.C.
The NZR W class was operated by the New Zealand Railways Department, with its service starting at a certain time and ending at another.
Vitamina Sánchez was a member of the sports team K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen, with a start time and an end time for her involvement.
Mohra Topian is a village located in the Rawalpindi District of Pakistan.
Tomu Sione served as the Governor-General of Tuvalu, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
The Vodafone Challenge is a golf tournament held in Germany.
Antonio Bareiro was a member of the sports team Sportivo Trinidense, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Phularwan is a town located in the Sargodha District of Pakistan.
Shirdi is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Maharashtra, India.
Christopher Liptrot was a member of the England cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Mile Oak is a human settlement located in the administrative territorial entity of Brighton and Hove, United Kingdom.
Taplow Choirs, a band in the rock and pop genre, was formed in 2004 in the United Kingdom.
Trauma Center, an English-language TV series, aired until December 8, 1983, and was composed by James Di Pasquale.
Stefan Deak was a member of FK Veternik from its start time until its end time.
Mansur Kandi is a village located in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.
Villa Rocca Matilde is a villa located in Naples, Italy.
Ganesh Patro received the Nandi Award for Best Dialogue Writer at a specific point in time.
Ignacio González Barón was a member of Chacarita Juniors from its start time until its end time.
Shadipur is a village in India, located in the administrative territorial entity of Bihar.
Aksharanadam is a tabloid newspaper that was first published in 1995.
Capri, born in 2014, is a horse in horse racing whose father is Galileo.
Martin Gould won the 2013 Championship League, which followed the 2012 Championship League and was succeeded by the 2014 Championship League.
Rooftop Rendezvous is an Australian television series produced in the English language.
Charles F. Erb was educated at the University of California, Berkeley, where he earned an academic degree.
The Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts is a women's curling tournament held in Canada.
Nika Basariya is a member of the Belarus national under-21 football team, which had its start time at a specific point in time.
Alexandru Costin was a member of the FC Dacia-2 Buiucani team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Park City Mountain Resort is a ski resort located in Utah, United States.
The Sportsman's Association, an organization founded in 1996, has its headquarters in London.
Matt Costello was a member of the Austin Spurs from a start time to an end time.
Javier Oliva González was a member of the sports team CD Castellón, starting and ending at specific times.
Kim Min-je was a member of the sports team Ehime FC from its start time until its end time.
The UCF Knights football team plays their home games at Camping World Stadium, though the specific start and end times for their games at this venue are not provided.
Frank Montgomery School is a school located in Sturry, United Kingdom.
Harijs Fogelis was a member of the RFK Riga sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Mulopo Kudimbana is a member of the Belgium national under-21 football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Sebastiano Baggio was born in Italy, with his time there spanning from a start time to an end time.
Giuseppe Pugliese was a member of the sports team A.C. Monza, with a start and end time for his membership.
Piao Cheng was a member of the China national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Jamal Murray was a member of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Carcanet Press, a business headquartered in Manchester, was founded in 1969.
Jean Étienne Duby was born in Geneva, a city in Switzerland.
Marcos Danilo Padilha was a member of Arapongas Esporte Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Bajo un mismo rostro is a TV series distributed by Televisa and is produced in the Spanish language.
Forest Lake State Park is a New Hampshire state park located in the United States.
Bill Sutherland played in the National Hockey League from a start time to an end time.
Paolino Taddei was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
DYKP, an instance of a radio station, was inceptioned in 1992 and is owned by Dream FM Network.
Ron Lord was a member of the sports team Sydney FC Prague from its start time until its end time.
Nikolay Zolotov was a member of the sports team FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Mkombozi Commercial Bank, a business established in 2009, has its headquarters in Dar es Salaam.
Ed Radwanski was a member of the United States men's national soccer team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Vladyslav Pavlenko is a member of the sports team FC Hoverla Uzhhorod, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Raaso is a human settlement located in Ethiopia, within the administrative territorial entity of Raaso.
Paul Mehl had citizenship in Germany and served as a member of the German national football team from a start time to an end time.
Shurland David was born in Trinidad and Tobago and played for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
The 2011 CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament was a basketball season that took place starting from January 1, 2011.
Manuel Fleitas Solich was a member of the Paraguay national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Aaron Pitchkolan was a member of the San Antonio Scorpions from its start time until its end time.
Cholderton and District Water Company, a business established in 1904, has its headquarters in Cholderton.
Shalawa Meadow is a protected area located in California, United States.
Mike Nykoluk played in the National Hockey League from its start time until its end time.
John Leguizamo won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Solo Performance in a specific point in time.
George Yost Coffin is a human whose given name is George, distinct from George Albert Coffin.
Lamba is a human settlement in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, distinct from the Lamba language.
Yura Movsisyan was a member of Sporting Kansas City, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The 1992 Formula One World Championship followed the 1991 season and was followed by the 1993 season.
Bare Knuckle Pickups, a business founded in 2003, has its headquarters in England.
The Middlewich Branch is a canal in the United Kingdom and is part of the Shropshire Union Canal.
Enis Alushi was a member of the sports team SV Wehen Wiesbaden, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Dame Diouf was a member of the sports team FC 08 Homburg, with a start and end time for her tenure on the team.
The Lakeside School District in Hot Springs, Arkansas, is a school district located in the United States.
The Joint Council on International Children's Services, an organization founded in 1975, has its headquarters in Alexandria, Virginia.
The Icelandic Swimming Association, a sports governing body established in 1951, oversees swimming in Iceland.
Zdeslav Vrdoljak participated in water polo at the 1996 Summer Olympics and is a human.
Ilya Trunin was a member of the Russia national under-21 football team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Marie Royce was educated at Georgetown University, where she earned an academic degree.
Alex Dias was a member of the Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano from its start time until its end time.
Aaron Hardy was a member of F.C. Halifax Town from a start time to an end time.
Saverio Muratori was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which existed from a start time to an end time.
St John's Chapel is a village located in County Durham, United Kingdom.
Nadeem Karim was a member of the sports team Duhok SC, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Raymond W. Gibbs Jr., a fellow of the Cognitive Science Society, was educated at the University of California.
Macclesfield Bank is an ocean bank located in the South China Sea and is associated with China.
The Science and Rationalists' Association of India, founded in 1985, is a business headquartered in Kolkata.
Ahmed Zewail received the Alexander von Humboldt Fellowship and the Priestley Medal, and holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Axel Brage is a member of the Malmö Redhawks hockey team, where he started playing and is known for his position on the team.
Sindhora is a village located in the Bhopal district of India.
Luis Torres Rodríguez was a member of the sports team Halcones FC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Water Engineers for the Americas is an organization headquartered in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Schalmont High School is a high school located in New York, United States.
Cluden Racecourse is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register and is located in Queensland, Australia.
Tvoja tvár znie povedome is a Slovak television show based on Your Face Sounds Familiar.
The Cherokee Turnpike terminates in Locust Grove, Oklahoma, and the direction is specified relative to this location.
Carlo Romano had a citizenship with Italy starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The Nigeria Mortgage Refinance Company, an instance of a public limited company, was established on June 24, 2013.
Emilio Sereni was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord located in Denmark, specifically within the administrative territory of Kerteminde Municipality.
Twelve Books That Changed the World, authored by Melvyn Bragg and published on January 1, 2006, is a book.
Haim Revivo was a member of the Israel national football team from its start time until its end time.
Aleksandr Salugin was a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Pode Hole is a village located in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Alex Horwath was a member of the Madison 56ers from its start time until its end time.
Phill Davies was a member of the Section Paloise sports team from its start time until its end time.
Khalid Boulahrouz was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Levan Khomeriki was a member of the sports team K.R.C. Mechelen, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The Claiborne Parish School Board is a school district located in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The 1990 Westminster City Council election was a local election held in the United Kingdom in 1990.
Manuel Neira was a member of Gaziantepspor from its start time until its end time.
Steven Deana was a member of the Switzerland national under-19 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Pipistrel Alpha Trainer is a corporation based in Slovenia.
Patrick Farkas was a member of the Austria national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
The Schifflange communal council governs the jurisdiction of Schifflange and is an instance of a communal council in Luxembourg.
Magpie Island is a river island located in the River Thames, United Kingdom.
Bristol Beach State Park is located in Saugerties, New York, and it is part of the New York state park system in the United States.
Ivan Petrovsky served as the rector of Moscow State University from a start time to an end time.
Bernardo Fernandes da Silva was a member of the Brazil national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
"The Wind from the Sun" is published by Harcourt and is written in English.
The 1995 PBA Commissioner's Cup was a basketball tournament held in the Philippines in 1995.
OldTown White Coffee is a business founded in 1999 and headquartered in Ipoh.
Stefan Brasas was a member of the sports team SpVgg Unterhaching, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Liam Plunkett was a member of the Sylhet Sixers team, with his start and end times for his tenure with the team recorded.
Anne Hope was baptized on November 1, 1850, and lived in both Harley Street and Kolkata.
Sop Bao District is a district located in Houaphanh Province, Laos.
Gervais Batota was a member of the sports team AS Lyon-Duchère, with a start and end time for his membership.
Doug Padgett is a human who is a member of the England cricket team.
Cristina Pizarro was a member of the sports team CE Sant Gabriel, starting and ending times for her membership are provided.
Four Points by Sheraton Niagara Falls is a hotel located in Ontario, Canada.
Pascal Braud was a member of the sports team Dijon FCO, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mikhail Chesnokov was a member of FC Fakel Voronezh, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
McAllen Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden located in Texas, United States.
The Pleiades supercomputer is manufactured by Silicon Graphics International and runs on an SGI ICE X and SGI Altix ICE 8200EX platform.
Wes Knight was a member of the San Antonio Scorpions from a start time to an end time.
Daleszewo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territorial entity of Gmina Gryfino.
Marius Willsch was a member of the sports team SpVgg Unterhaching, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Othello station is adjacent to Columbia City station, which connects to a line heading towards Columbia City.
Juraj Piroska was a member of the Slovakia national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Davide Succi was a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, starting and ending at specific times.
Mark Coxon is a human who plays for the Wiltshire County Cricket Club.
Air1 is a broadcast network that originated in 1986 and operates in the United States.
Monica S. Lam earned her academic degree from Carnegie Mellon University.
The Delta Park/Vanport station, which connects to the MAX Yellow Line, opened on May 1, 2004, and is adjacent to the Kenton/North Denver Avenue station.
Kazuyuki Morisaki was a member of the Sanfrecce Hiroshima sports team from its start time until its end time.
Jocelyn Gourvennec was a member of the France national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Héctor Enrique was a member of the sports team Sagan Tosu from its start time until its end time.
Era Baru, a business founded in 1981, has its headquarters in Seremban.
Mamunta Mayosso Wildlife Sanctuary, a protected area established in 1981, is located in Sierra Leone.
The Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Süd, an association football league, was established in 1963.
Brattle Street is a thoroughfare located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ivychurch Priory, a monastery, was founded on 17 January 1101 in the United Kingdom.
Paul Bairoch was employed by the University of Geneva, with a specific start and end time for his tenure there.
Chhampi is a Village Development Committee located in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Haitian Times is an English-language newspaper that was first published in 1999.
Juanma Acevedo was a member of the Hércules CF B team from its start time until its end time.
Mallepally is a suburb located in the Hyderabad district of India.
Ancoraimes Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia, located in the Omasuyos Province.
The Verve, a psychedelic rock band formed in Wigan, includes Richard Ashcroft as a part of its lineup.
Roy Sáenz was a member of the Costa Rica national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Shanon Carmelia is a member of the Centro Social Deportivo Barber team, with a specific start and end time for her involvement.
Eino Puri is a human who has been a member of both the Estonia national under-19 football team and FC Botoșani.
Daniele De Vezze was a member of the ACF Fiorentina sports team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Kenny Mitchell played for Lapuan Virkiä, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ahmed Salah Hosny was a member of Ismaily SC from its start time until its end time.
The GNR Class C1 (small boiler) was manufactured at Doncaster Works, with production starting and ending at unspecified times.
Castillo de Teayo is a municipality located in Veracruz, Mexico.
Grupo Corripio, a business founded in 1917, has its headquarters in Santo Domingo.
August Schleicher received the Prix Volney award in a specific point in time.
Melih Mahmutoğlu is a member of the Darüşşafaka Basketbol team, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Gokatsura Pond Furusato Village, a zoo, was established on January 1, 1993, in Japan.
Dharangaon is a human settlement located in the Jalgaon district of India.
The RMS City of Chester is a ship from the United Kingdom, manufactured by Caird & Company.
Yeo Sung-hae was a member of Gyeongnam FC from its start time until its end time.
Damala Hagare is a human settlement located in the district of Somalia.
Fleet Hargate is a village located in South Holland, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
Vittoria Cocito held Italian citizenship from a start time to an end time.
The World Scrabble Championship in 2011 was held in Poland and is considered a season of the Scrabble sports calendar for that year.
Neto, the footballer, was a member of Paulista Futebol Clube from a start time to an end time.
VEGAS.com, a business founded in 1998, has its headquarters in Henderson, Nevada.
The James Mitchell School, located in Arkansas, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dalchoki is a Village Development Committee located in Lalitpur District, Nepal.
The Raubold House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Milton Ulladulla Times, an Australian newspaper, was inception on January 1, 1878.
Hemlock Overlook Regional Park is a regional park located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.
Hot Air is a blog launched on January 1, 2006, and owned by the Salem Media Group.
Murray Goodwin was a member of the Western Australia cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The 1952 Bulgarian Cup Final was an association football match that took place in Bulgaria in 1952.
The Concordia Choir, founded on January 1, 1920, is a choir based in the United States.
Queen Village is a neighborhood located in Philadelphia, United States.
The New England Riptide is a baseball team based in the United States.
Hirendranath Mukherjee received the Padma Vibhushan award, which recognizes his contributions in his field of work.
John Dawkins held the position of Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment with a specific start and end time.
Sargis Hovsepyan was born in Yerevan, which is the capital city of Armenia.
Matthias Minder is a member of the sports team Neuchâtel Xamax FCS, joining the team at a specific point in time.
Giuseppe Favalli was a member of the Italy national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Tamatoa Wagemann was a member of the Tahiti national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Fork River is an unincorporated area located in Manitoba, Canada.
Ravinia Festival is a festival located in Illinois, United States.
Vladislav Uzunov was a member of FC Dimitrovgrad from its start time until its end time.
Aurel Guga was a member of the CSM Lugoj sports team from its start time until its end time.
First Time Caller, produced by Richard Landis, follows What Can I Do with My Heart and is followed by Tell Me True.
Luis Fernando Fuentes is a member of the sports team Club Universidad Nacional, starting his time with the club at a certain point.
The Kalabhra dynasty replaced the Chera dynasty and was later replaced by the Pallava dynasty, with its capital at Puhar and Nagapattinam.
Valeriy Palamarchuk was a member of the sports team MFC Mykolaiv, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Austria's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1985 took place in 1985.
KZDY is a radio station located in Cawker City, Kansas, United States.
Ted Kord performed the role of Wil Wheaton in the object.
The College of Engineering Roorkee, an engineering school established in 1998, is located in India.
Cloudy Bay Vineyards, a winery established in 1985, is located in New Zealand.
Makoto Segawa was a member of the sports team Fukushima FC, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
The Pennsylvania Railroad class E3c operated on the Pennsylvania Railroad from its start time until its end time.
Continental Air Services, Inc., an airline based in the United States, was founded in 1950.
Golden Triangle is a census-designated place located in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.
The Rosenhang Museum, which opened on January 1, 2017, is a museum located in Germany.
Elfia is a festival that began in 2001 and is held in the Netherlands.
Dmitri Bayda was a member of FC Dynamo Barnaul, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Frank Seator was a member of the Liberia national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Birkenhead Grange Lane railway station is a train station located in Birkenhead, United Kingdom.
Dimension Films, owned by The Walt Disney Company, had a specific period during which it operated under the company's management.
Luisa Via Roma, which originated in Florence, has its headquarters there.
Billy Celeski was a member of the Australia national soccer team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Child, Youth and Family, a government agency in New Zealand, was established on January 1, 1999, under the Ministry of Social Development.
The State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan, an business entity, was established on December 29, 1999, and its headquarters is located in Baku.
Tic Tac, a Swedish film, stars Michael Nyqvist and Tintin Anderzon.
Moon of the Wolf, produced by Edward S. Feldman, was edited by Richard Halsey and originated from the United States.
Khalkanlu is a village located in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
Lars Toborg was a member of FC Bremerhaven from a start time to an end time.
Ariadna Shengelaya, a human, is a People's artist of the Georgian SSR and is married to Eldar Shengelaia.
Edith Clarke was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning an academic degree there.
DrQueue is a free software used for animation and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Jochen Rindt was the winner of the 1970 Formula One season, which was part of the Formula One championship.
Rony Flores was a member of the sports team Sud América, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Dawid Plizga was a member of the sports team GKS Katowice, starting and ending at unspecified times.
Zakari Lambo was a member of VfR Mannheim from its start time until its end time.
David Grimaldi was a member of the Cleveland Cobras soccer team, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Zhang Shichang was a member of the China national under-23 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Carlos Garrido was a member of Club Universidad de Chile, starting and ending times for his tenure with the club are provided.
Casiano Delvalle was a member of the Shonan Bellmare sports team from its start time until its end time.
Henrik Larsson was a member of the Sweden national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov was born in Koshki, which is located in Samara Oblast, Russia.
Luigi Rizzi was a member of A.C. Legnano, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Kyle Segebart was a member of the Cincinnati Kings from a start time to an end time.
Tim Gutberlet was a member of FC Bayern Munich II from its start time to its end time.
Mistake Bay is a bay located in Nunavut, Canada.
ASTM F883 is an ASTM standard published by ASTM International and written in the English language.
Pavel Kirylchyk was a member of FC Karpaty Lviv, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Caramba is a Swedish band that performs pop music and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Scarlett Johansson received the Theatre World Award for her work at a certain point in time.
The Dăncilă Cabinet, an instance of Romania's Cabinet, was formed on January 29, 2018, in Romania.
The 2018 Parry Sound District municipal elections were a Canadian municipal election held in 2018.
The Department of Water and Sanitation, an instance of the Ministry of Water Resources, was established on January 1, 1912, in South Africa.
KZWV is a radio station located in Eldon, Missouri, United States.
KSJI is a radio station located in St. Joseph, Missouri, United States.
Furius ISO Mount is a free software operating on Linux, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Phadia is a business that was founded in 1971 and has its headquarters in Uppsala.
Avi Tikva was a member of the Israel national under-18 football team, though the specific start and end times for his participation are not provided.
Hugo Rodrigues Imbelloni was a member of Ituano FC, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
Kau Kee Restaurant is a restaurant located in Hong Kong, China.
The Barkhamsted Center Historic District is a historic district located in Barkhamsted, Connecticut, United States.
Moggy Hollow Natural Area is a protected area located in New Jersey, United States.
The Bronx County Hall of Justice is a courthouse located in New York state, United States.
Adam Fogt is a midfielder who plays for the Denmark national football team and is a human.
The Nakuru County Council is a government entity located in Nakuru, Kenya.
The South Cuyama Oil Field is an oil field located in California, United States.
Uco District is a district in Peru, located in the Huari Province.
Tadej Valjavec was a member of the UAE Team Emirates cycling team from its start time until its end time.
Downtown St. Catharines is a central business district located in Ontario, Canada.
Cliff Marshall was a member of the Miami Toros from its start time until its end time.
The LSWR 46 class operated by the London and South Western Railway had a start time and an end time for its service.
Uttotxeter Rural is a civil parish located in East Staffordshire, United Kingdom.
Yuji Sakakura was a member of the Nagoya Grampus sports team from its start time until its end time.
Stanislav Buchnev was a member of the sports team FC Angusht Nazran, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Granite School District is a school district located in Utah, United States.
Sattley is a census-designated place located in Sierra County, California, United States.
Poprad Landscape Park is a protected landscape in Poland, listed among the Landscape Parks of Poland and categorized as IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
Lake Ridge Schools Corporation is a school district located in Gary, Indiana, United States.
The Lower Rhine Cup, an association football festival, was inceptioned in 1980.
Reinhard Roder was a member of the sports team 1. FC Köln, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The ICGA Journal, an English-language periodical, was first published on January 1, 1977.
Felipe Rodriguez was a member of the Colorado Rapids soccer team from its start time until its end time.
The Westfield News is a newspaper published in Westfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Sergiu Homei was a member of FC Academica Cluj, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Sebastian Vettel won the 2011 Turkish Grand Prix, started from pole position, and Mark Webber set the fastest lap.
Nishi-Agano Station is adjacent to Agano Station and connects to a line that runs towards Agano Station.
Erald Turdiu was a member of KF Tirana from its start time until its end time.
Dzmitry Turlin was a member of the sports team FC Gorodeya, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Giacomo Bindi was a member of the sports team Inter Milan, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Koro Issa Ahmed Koné was a member of Hertha BSC II, with a start and end time for his membership.
Shyam Benegal won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in English.
The British Rail Class 33 was manufactured by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, with production starting at a certain time and ending at another.
The Houston Rockets play at Pechanga Arena, though the specific start and end times for their games at this venue are not provided.
Wuxtry Records, a record shop, was founded on March 1976 in Athens, Georgia.
Akash Lal is a human from India who is a member of the Patiala cricket team.
Datunlu East station is adjacent to Anlilu station, which connects to a line that runs towards Anlilu station.
Rocky Road to Dublin is a film directed in English, set in Dublin, and photographed by Raoul Coutard.
Colin McFadyean was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Oleksandr Golovash was a member of the Kolss Cycling Team from its start time until its end time.
Frederic M. Wheelock worked at Haverford College from its start time until its end time.
Jyri Häkämies holds a Master's degree, which he earned at a point in time.
Nina Paw won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress for her work at a certain point in time.
The Pointer Sisters received the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Band/Duo/Group at a specific point in time.
Manuel Torres Pastor was a member of the Real Madrid CF sports team from its start time until its end time.
The Alice Okolo Bridge, an instance of a bridge, was inaugurated on September 1, 2015, in Nigeria.
Betsy Hassett was a member of the sports team SC Sand, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Marko Lepik was a member of the Estonia national football team from a start time to an end time.
Alain Lorieux was a member of the sports team FC Grenoble, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Nels Stewart received the Hart Memorial Trophy at a specific point in time.
Nutt Bluff is a cliff located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Red Stick International Animation Festival, an instance of a film festival, was inception in 2005 in the United States.
Fabio Nigro was a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, with his start and end times for the team recorded.
James Thorpe played for the Sussex County Cricket Club, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Josh Wagenaar was a member of the Canada men's national soccer team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Kana Ichikawa, a Japanese athlete from Chukyo University, participated in the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships.
Baja Broadband is a business that follows US Cable and has its headquarters in Alamogordo, New Mexico.
Lindenbergh Francisco da Silva was a member of Vila Nova Futebol Clube, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Scott D. Malkin, whose father is Peter L. Malkin, was educated at Harvard Business School.
Alexandros Pagalis was a member of the sports team Ethnikos Assia FC from its start time until its end time.
Ariel Santana was a member of Deportivo Saprissa, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
David Steinman is a human who was educated at Columbia University.
Rudy Jansen was a member of the sports team SV Spakenburg, with a start and end time for his membership.
William McLeod played for the Scotland national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Sergei Bragin was a member of the sports team JK Tallinna Sadam, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
Guillermo Burdisso was a member of Club El Porvenir, starting and ending times for his tenure with the club are provided.
Huang Bo received the Asian Film Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work, which is the subject of a statement.
"The Lost Get Found" is an English-language song from the United States, followed by "Walk on the Water" by Brett Nicole.
André De Nul was a member of the Belgium national football team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Peter Bradley, a cricketer, was a member of the Minor Counties of English and Welsh cricket team from its start time until its end time.
Amancio Amaro won the Pichichi Trophy at a certain point in time.
The 1996 Southern Conference Baseball Tournament is an instance of the Southern Conference Baseball Tournament held in 1996 and involves the sport of baseball.
Heath Pearce was a member of F.C. Hansa Rostock from a start time to an end time.
Frank Arnesen was a member of the sports team Fremad Amager, starting and ending at specific times.
Sergio Campano Franco was a member of the Sporting Villanueva Promesas team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The Ministry of Communication Equipment Industry in the Soviet Union was established in 1946 and was dissolved in 1989.
Cezary Kucharski was a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Konzertmusik for Brass and String Orchestra, composed by Paul Hindemith, is a musical composition published on January 1, 1930.
Gino Coutinho was a member of ADO Den Haag from a start time to an end time.
Kevin Spacey won the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work in a specific point in time.
Joel Huiqui played for the Mexican national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Journey to Space is a film released on February 13, 2015, in the United States.
Michael Paulsen was a member of SK Brann from its start time until its end time.
Kevin Stevens is from the United States and played for the Philadelphia Flyers. He was educated at Boston College.
Danny Wintjens was a member of FC Twente, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Scott Hookey was a member of the Tasmania cricket team, with his tenure starting at a certain time and ending at another.
SynfiniWay is a software developed by Fujitsu that operates on Microsoft Windows.
The Charleston Battery plays in the United Soccer League, with the league's start and end times specified for the unitedSoccerLeague season.
Angel Chervenkov was a member of PFC CSKA Sofia, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the team.
Gino DiFlorio was a member of the Canada men's national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Waka Nathan was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Shahid Afridi was a member of the Sindh cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Ricky Pinheiro is a member of the sports team SV Elversberg, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Matthias Withoos worked at Hoorn from a start time to an end time.
Clem Wilson was a member of the England cricket team, starting and ending at specific times.
Juan Bautista Agüero was a member of the Paraguay national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Asahikawa Station is adjacent to Kaguraoka Station, which connects to a line that runs towards Kaguraoka.
The Sacramento Stealth is a baseball team based in the United States.
Mário Moinhos was a member of the Portugal national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Poor Richard's Almanack is an English-language television series.
Francisco Alcaraz, a footballer, was a member of Club Nacional and participated in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
The International Journal of Operations & Production Management is a scientific journal published by Emerald Group Publishing and written in the English language.
Sid Page is a human who plays the violin and is associated with the jazz genre.
José Antonio Reyes was a member of the sports team Extremadura UD from its start time until its end time.
Arthur William Yager is a human who is a member of the Australian Labor Party.
Toshitaka Kimura was a member of the Japan national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Timo Nagy was a member of the sports team SV Wacker Burghausen II, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Marco Antonio Rojas was a member of A.D. Limonense from its start time until its end time.
Anastasia Anastasio is a human named Anastasia.
Kyle Cumiskey played in the National Hockey League, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Francisco Silva, a Portuguese footballer, played for the Portugal national football team from its start time until its end time.
Ali El-Omari was a member of the sports team Apollon Kalamarias, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Hallunda metro station is adjacent to Norsborg metro station and serves as a connecting point in the direction of Norsborg.
Mike Michaud attended Schenck High School, which is located there, though the specific end time of his attendance is not provided.
Leonardo Cilaurren was a member of the sports team Arenas Club de Getxo, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Theofilos Kouroupis was a member of the sports team P.A.S. Korinthos, with a start and end time for his membership.
Cho Hyun was a member of the Suwon Samsung Bluewings football club from its start time until its end time.
Milan Pecelj was a member of NK Brotnjo from its start time until its end time.
The Samsung Lions, with Kim Han-soo as their head coach, play at Daegu Samsung Lions Park, which they own.
Kim Dae-jung was the head of state of South Korea from [start time] to [end time].
Mikel Pagola was a member of the sports team CD Badajoz, starting and ending at specific times.
Oliver Barth was a member of the sports team SC Freiburg, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Jack Hartshorne is a human who has been a member of both Macclesfield Town F.C. and Grantham Town F.C.
Erick Torres Padilla is a member of the Houston Dynamo, starting his time with the team in 2017.
The 1958 North Carolina Tar Heels football team participated in an American football season for the sports club in 1958.
Ken Catchpole was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his career spanning from a start time to an end time.
Francis Popham, who lived from 1573 to 1644, was a Member of the 1626 and 1628-29 Parliaments and was the father of Alexander Popham.
Irvin Reyna was a member of the Honduras national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
UD Granadilla Tenerife is an association football club based in Spain.
Bradley Cantrell, who was educated at the University of Kentucky, has the given name Bradley and the family name Cantrell.
Joseph Darst served as the head of government in St. Louis from a start time to an end time.
The Raggy Dolls, distributed by ITV Studios, ended on December 20, 1994, and was produced in the English language.
Wizards' Worlds is an edition published by Tor Books, written in the English language.
Manuel Vicentini is a member of Club Atlético Sarmiento, joining the team through an acquisition transaction.
Korabi Stadium is a stadium located in Albania and owned by KF Korabi Peshkopi.
The Montreux Ladies Open is a tennis tournament held in Switzerland.
Dmitri Shestakov was a member of FC Sportakademklub Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Zhengzhou South railway station is adjacent to Xinzheng Airport railway station and serves as a connecting line towards it.
Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers, a business, was founded in 1977 and dissolved in 2012.
Northern Railway Stadium is a cricket field located in India, and it was officially opened in 1976.
Arijan Ademi was a member of the sports team GNK Dinamo Zagreb, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Dudu Georgescu was a member of AS Progresul București, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
The Intel X58 is a chipset manufactured by Intel and is different from Tylersburg, Pennsylvania.
Ricardo Sanabria was a member of the Paraguay Olympic football team and participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
The San Pedro Mezquital River is a river in Mexico that empties into the Pacific Ocean.
The SIGCOMM Award, an award conferred by SIGCOMM, was instituted in 1989.
Enrique Vera was a member of the sports team C.D. Olmedo, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Babai is an Albanian-language film produced by Nicole Gerhards and originated from France.
John Rafferty ran as a candidate in the 2015 Canadian federal election for a parliamentary group in a specific electoral district.
The EMD TR1 operated on the Illinois Central Railroad from a start time to an end time.
Scouting and Guiding in Latvia is a part of both Girl Guides and Scouting.
Gualtiero Driussi was a citizen of Italy, with his citizenship starting and ending at specific times.
Earl Jaques Jr. held the position of legislator, starting his term in office.
Goopy Bagha Phire Elo, originally in the Bengali language and from India, follows Hirak Rajar Deshe.
Matt Burke was a member of the New South Wales Waratahs from a start time to an end time.
Edward C. Noonan is a member of the American Independent Party, educated at American River College.
Henry of Huntingdon, who wrote in Latin, is known for his notable work, Historia Anglorum.
Charles Holden worked for the Underground Electric Railways Company of London from its start time until its end time.
Melissa Barbieri was a member of the Richmond SC team from its start time until its end time.
The Harbor Freeway station, which connects to the Green Line, opened on August 12, 1995, and is adjacent to the Vermont / Athens station.
Samir Aliyev was a member of the Azerbaijan national football team from its start time until its end time.
Jan Gratama worked at Delft during a specific point in time.
Anatoliy Burlin was a member of FC Sevastopol from a start time to an end time.
Spiros Livathinos was a member of Pezoporikos Larnaca FC from its start time until its end time.
Sebastian Mannström is a member of the Finland national football team, starting his tenure with the team at a certain point in time.
Chan Chi Hong was a member of the Hong Kong Rangers FC from its start time until its end time.
Otto Graf Lambsdorff received the Officer of the Legion of Honour and the Order of the Rising Sun, and he comes from the Lambsdorff family.
The 1909 film "Taras Bulba" is based on Nikolai Gogol's work and features Taras Bulba as one of its characters.
Ilya Maksimov was a member of FC Kuban Krasnodar from its start time until its end time.
Claire Préaux works for the Université libre de Bruxelles and holds an academic degree from there.
Federico Rizzi was a member of A.S. Pizzighettone from a start time to an end time.
Deepak Chahar was a member of the Rajasthan Royals team from its start time until its end time.
Ezequiel Maggiolo was a member of Club Atletico Los Andes, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Matteo Tomei is a member of the sports team A.S.D. Union Quinto, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
John Gordon A'Bear was a member of the British and Irish Lions team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
The GNR Class J23 was manufactured by Doncaster Works, with production starting and ending at specific times.
Igor Surovikin was a member of PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alexandru Vagner was a member of the sports team CS Concordia Chiajna, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Anatoliy Yurevich coached FC Ordabasy, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Birdie is a novel authored by Tracey Lindberg and was published in 2015.
David Campbell was a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during his time with the team.
Robert Ogilvie was a member of the England national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Luigi Radice was a member of the Italy national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Thirumoorthy hills are located in Tamil Nadu, India, which is in Asia.
Franz Hofer played for the German national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Arturo Velazco was a member of the Wichita Wings from a start time to an end time.
Sabir Khamzin was a member of the sports team FC FShM Torpedo Moscow, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The Spread of the Eagle is a television series directed by Peter Dews and originates from the United Kingdom.
Francesco Zucchetti played for Italy in a sport between a start and end time.
Allen J. Bard received the Priestley Medal in a specific point in time.
Javier Farinós was a member of Inter Milan from the start time to the end time.
Markus Henriksen was a member of the sports team Rosenborg BK, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Karl Zsigmondy was born in Vienna, which is in Austria.
Joe Gyau is a member of Borussia Dortmund, starting with the first team, and also started playing for Borussia Dortmund II.
Finglas is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland, sharing a border with Dublin Airport.
Mathare Youth F.C. is an association football club that plays its home games at Ruaraka Stadium.
Julius Wobay was a member of the sports team Khazar Lankaran FK, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Manuel Benthin was a member of the sports team Berliner FC Dynamo from its start time until its end time.
The International Catholic Conference of Scouting, founded by Mario di Carpegna in 1948, is an association.
Tomken station, operated by MiWay, connects to the Mississauga Transitway and is adjacent to Dixie station.
Mike Gansey was a member of the West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team, with a specific start and end time for his involvement.
José Luis Oltra was a member of the sports team Levante UD from its start time until its end time.
Mikhail Komkov was a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, with a start and end time for his membership.
Gustavo Villarruel was a member of Club Atlético Colón, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Sid Ramin received a Daytime Emmy Award for his work at a specific point in time.
The Hill Fire is a wildfire that occurred in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.
Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy was a member of PFC Navbahor Namangan, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Dominic Cervi was a member of the United States men's national under-23 soccer team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
James W. Coleman was employed by Georgetown College from its start time until its end time.
The GWR River Class operated by the Great Western Railway had a service period starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
The River Duag is a river in the Republic of Ireland that flows into the River Suir.
Krum Milev was a member of the sports team FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia, with a start and end time for his membership.
Andray Baptiste was a member of the Grenada national football team from its start time until its end time.
Orjan Xhemalaj is a midfielder who plays for FC Kamza.
The Louisiana State Capitol, designed by architect Leon C. Weiss in the Art Deco style, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Pablo Lavandeira was born in Montevideo and played for Montevideo Wanderers F.C. between a start time and an end time.
Minabo Asechemie was a member of the Nigeria national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Alberto Zapater was a member of Sporting CP, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Aleksandr Storozhuk was a member of the FC Metallurg Lipetsk sports team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Kyushu Soccer League, established in 1973, is a football league in Japan.
Anita Baker won the Soul Train Music Award for Best Song of the Year for her work in a specific year.
Myron Waldman was a docent at a point in time, employed by a specific institution.
Kantemir Berkhamov is a member of FC Lokomotiv Kaluga, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Jason Campbell was a member of the Oakland Raiders from a start time to an end time.
The British Museum Act 1832 is an Act of Parliament in the UK, enacted on January 1, 1832, and now in the public domain.
Orkus Presents the Best of 2000 is an electronic music compilation album released in 2000.
José Araquistáin was a member of the sports team Real Sociedad, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times.
Gustavo Pinedo was a member of Club Blooming, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Andy Gruenebaum is a human from the United States who plays for the Des Moines Menace soccer team.
Dmitry Lyapkin was a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Alfred Aston was a member of the sports team Angers SCO from its start time until its end time.
Gerhard Siedl was a member of FC Basel from a start time to an end time.
Frederiksstaden is located in the Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, and is categorized under Category:Frederiksstaden.
Mardyke is an association football club based in the Republic of Ireland.
Vittorio Mancini received the Crawford Medal at a specific point in time, shared with others.
John Dinkota was a member of the Montreal Impact Academy from its start time until its end time.
Ivan Konovalov was a member of FC Amkar Perm, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Sairaj Bahutule was a member of the India national cricket team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Oleh Koshelyuk was a member of the FC Dnipro Cherkasy sports team, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Alberto Piccinini was a member of A.S. Roma from its start time until its end time.
Ryoichi Maeda was a member of the Japan national under-23 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Tom Hall, a cricketer born in 1930, was a member of Somerset County Cricket Club with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Maude Clarke held the position of vice-principal, starting at a specific time.
Bluefish is a software that uses the GTK toolkit or framework, runs on Microsoft Windows, and is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Jan van Schijndel was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Daniel Correa Freitas is a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a start and end time for his membership.
Alyaksandr Kulchy was a member of the sports team FC Irtysh Pavlodar, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the club.
Mauricio Salles was a member of the Rochester Rhinos from a start time to an end time.
Amanda Butler works for the Charlotte 49ers and holds a position there.
Annabel Digance ran as a candidate in the 2010 Australian federal election, representing an electoral district.
David Ariel Mendieta was a member of Club Sportivo San Lorenzo, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Carlo Alberto D'Albertis was a citizen of Italy, with his citizenship starting and ending at unspecified times.
Bechara Oliveira was a member of Aalesunds FK from a start time to an end time.
Lutong Airport is an airport in Malaysia that serves the city of Miri.
Omonigho Temile was a member of the Nigeria national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Useless Keys is an alternative rock band from the United States.
The Five Boro Bike Tour, which originated in 1977, is a road bicycle racing event in the United States.
The 1978 European Tour, a season of golf, took place in 1978.
Alejandro Lago was a member of the Uruguay national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Joan Tower received the Grawemeyer Award in Music Composition at a specific point in time.
Luke O'Dea was a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Valetudo is a moon discovered by Scott S. Sheppard in 2016, named after the Roman goddess of youth and health.
Poul Erik Andreasen was a member of Aalborg Boldspilklub, with a start and end time for his membership.
Paulo Vitor was a member of Brasília Futebol Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Ricardo Alonso was a member of the Jacksonville Generals from a start time to an end time.
Romain Martial is a member of the sports team RC Narbonne, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
The Corona Borealis Supercluster is a supercluster of galaxies named after the constellation Corona Borealis.
Flying Nun Records was part of the Mushroom Group, with a specific start and end time for its affiliation.
Arnal Llibert was a member of Elche CF from the start time to the end time.
G. Rollie White Downs is a horse racing venue located in the United States where horse racing takes place.
Brian Haynes was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The 1958 Claxton Shield is a season of baseball that took place in 1958.
Tony Cascio was a member of the Orlando City SC soccer team from its start time until its end time.
Robert von Haug worked in Stuttgart from a start time to an end time.
Artyom Yenin is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Vologda, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
Adonis Hilario was a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a start and end time for his membership.
Andreas Hilfiker is a human who plays in the Bundesliga for FC Luzern.
Vurlon Mills was a member of the Fruta Conquerors FC team, with a start and end time for his membership.
Xhevdet Muriqi was a member of the sports team HNK Rijeka, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Junction is a single-player video game developed and published by Micronet co. Ltd.
Howard Nicholls is a human who was educated at Hereford Cathedral School and is a member of the Cardiff RFC.
Leonidas Kampantais was a member of the sports team Arminia Bielefeld, starting and ending at unspecified times.
Espen Olsen was a member of the sports team Hamarkameratene, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Northern Command of Israel is commanded by Gadi Eizenkot, whose term started at an unspecified time and ended at another unspecified time.
Sofia Jakobsson is a member of the Montpellier HSC sports team, starting her tenure with the women's team.
Markus Lanz was partnered with Birgit Schrowange, though the specific start and end times of their partnership are not provided.
Samantha Nutt is a human who was educated at McMaster University and is married to Eric Hoskins.
Eloy Matos was a member of the Puerto Rico national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Troup County, Georgia, whose capital is LaGrange, Georgia, shares a border with Randolph County, Alabama.
Kevin Boroevich was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Lucas Melano is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the club.
Scott Waldrom was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending during specific times.
Erik de Haan was a member of AFC Ajax from the start time to the end time.
Diego Rangel was a member of Real Madrid Castilla from its start time until its end time.
The Fernmeldeturm Mannheim, designed by Erwin Heinle and constructed using reinforced concrete, is also a restaurant.
Evandro Adauto da Silva was a member of Club Athletico Paranaense, starting and ending his tenure with the club at specific times.
Lumière and Company, a Swedish company, was directed by Régis Wargnier and Helma Sanders-Brahms.
Mike Johanns was educated at Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, where he earned an academic degree.
Xan is a drink introduced in 2006, manufactured by Vinagro.
Ernie George was a member of the Wales national rugby union team, playing from a start time to an end time.
On August 18, 1963, John Surtees won the 1963 Mediterranean Grand Prix, a sporting event.
Nagoda is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka, though the statement "Nagoda differentFrom Nagoda" seems redundant and may be a mistake.
The Tale of Tiffany Lust is an English-language film distributed by VCA Pictures, originating from the United States.
Dmitri Prokopenko was a member of FC Torpedo Moscow, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Zhao Zhenkui is a male diplomat and human.
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye is a Hindi film produced by D.V.S. Raju, originating from India.
The KTM 1290 Super Adventure is a motorcycle model manufactured by KTM, which falls under the Adventure category.
Sandrine Gruda was a member of the Los Angeles Sparks from its start time until its end time.
Shener Remzi was a member of FC Dunav Ruse from its start time until its end time.
Arthur Wilson was a member of the England national rugby union team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Waldemar Ksienzyk was a member of the sports team Wuppertaler SV, with a start and end time for his membership.
Louis Bimpson was a member of A.F.C. Bournemouth from a start time to an end time.
Pepe Aicart was a member of the sports team Pontevedra CF, with a start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Javier Casas was a member of the sports team CD Basconia, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The MacArthur Bridge in Manila, Philippines, spans the Pasig River.
The Ultimate Clip Collection is a film from 2003 that features rock music clips.
Jeff Zatkoff was a member of the Los Angeles Kings from a start time to an end time.
Sean Hardman was a member of the Australia national rugby union team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Vitali Kulyov was a member of FC Volgar Astrakhan, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The Summit League includes the Cleveland State Vikings, though the specific start and end times for their participation are not provided in the graph.
Eduard Janota was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia, which had a start time and an end time.
Adriano Durante was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Hubert Ashton was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Mario Riccoboni was a citizen of Italy, with a specific period of residence from a start time to an end time.
German submarine U-734 was operated by the Kriegsmarine, with its service starting and ending during the Kriegsmarine's operational period.
The Bride of Newgate, published by Hamish Hamilton, is written in English and is set in London.
Adam Pardy is a human who plays in the National Hockey League and is a member of the Buffalo Sabres.
Dagil was a member of the sports team C.D. Trofense, with a start and end time for their involvement.
Magdy Atwa is a human who plays as a midfielder for ENPPI SC.
Yolanda Griffith was a member of the Chicago Condors from its start time until its end time.
Adrian Petre was a member of the Romania national under-17 football team, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
Luciano Leggio was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Carlos Fernandes, a footballer born in 1978, was a member of C.F. Os Belenenses from a start time to an end time.
Gazoline is a Canadian rock band.
Moley Robotics, a company founded in 2015, is an instance of a company.
Govert van der Leeuw worked in Lyon from a start time to an end time.
John Piercy was a member of the England national under-20 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
Sandra Betschart was a member of the FC Yverdon Féminin team from its start time until its end time.
Huang Shen, whose family name is Huang, worked in Yangzhou and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Tully Bevilaqua, a human, received the Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award and participated in the 2010 FIBA World Championship for Women.
Ioannis Simosis was a member of Adelaide Olympic FC, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Pio Campa was a citizen of the Kingdom of Italy, which had a start time and an end time.
Kliment Nastoski was a member of FK Metalurg Skopje, starting and ending times for his tenure with the team are provided.
The Southlanders, a vocal group formed in 1950, includes Harold Wilmot as a member.
Fort Belle Fontaine County Park is a park in the United States that includes Fort Belle Fontaine as one of its parts.
Google Doodle commemorates Leonora Carrington on a specific point in time.
Ayrton Senna won the 1989 Mexican Grand Prix, started from pole position, and Nigel Mansell set the fastest lap.
Vittorio Matteo Corcos worked in Naples from a start time to an end time.
Thomas Schmit was a member of the Luxembourg national football team from a start time to an end time.
Eugen Beza was a member of FC Forex Brașov, starting and ending times for which are provided.
AC Sparta Prague's head coach, Petr Rada, had a tenure that started at an unspecified time and ended at another unspecified time.
The River Detectives is a musical duo formed in 1985, known for playing rock music.
Harry Smith, a cricketer born in 1886, was a member of the Derbyshire County Cricket Club from its start time until its end time.
MetroJazz Records is a jazz record label based in the United States.
David Brcic was a member of the Los Angeles Lazers from a start time to an end time.
Herlev station is adjacent to Skovlunde station and serves as a connecting point towards Skovlunde.
Eusébio was a member of the Boston Minutemen from a start time to an end time.
Het Houten Stadion was occupied by AFC Ajax from the start time to the end time of their affiliation.
Michael Eneramo was a member of Ettifaq FC, starting at a certain time and ending at another time with the team.
Lucien is a band formed in 2004 in Stockholm, and it is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Scott Allan played for Birmingham City F.C. and West Bromwich Albion F.C., participating in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership.
Melitopol is the capital of Melitopol Raion, though the specific start and end times for Melitopol Raion are not provided in the graph.
Alberto D'Aversa was born in Italy, with his time there spanning from a start time to an end time.
Georges Lamia was a citizen of France and played for the French national football team from its start time until its end time.
Javier Ballesteros was a member of the sports team Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The Securitate, chaired by Iulian Vlad, was the secret police of Romania under the Ministry of Internal Affairs and was dissolved in 1990.
Lee Ramoon is a human who holds the position of Chairperson and is a member of the sports team Porthmadog F.C.
Sylvain Armand was a member of the France national under-21 football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Retina display is a type of electronic visual display that was introduced on June 2010 and is named after its ability to match human visual acuity.
Jonathan Joseph-Augustin was a member of the sports team K.S.K. Beveren, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Johnny Martin was a member of the Australia national cricket team, with his tenure starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Michael Mio Nielsen was a member of the Denmark national football team, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Jim Davidson, born in 1931, was a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start and end times of his tenure with the team are not provided.
Mike Seamon was a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC team from its start time until its end time.
Ruud Geels was a member of the Netherlands national football team, with his tenure starting and ending during specified periods.
Toninho Dos Santos was a member of Club Puebla, with a specific start and end time for his tenure with the club.
Liverpool Blue Coat School was founded by Bryan Blundell on March 1, 2012, and is located in Wavertree.
Margaret Kennard was educated at Cornell University, where she earned an academic degree.
Ettore Marcelino Dominguez was a member of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, with a start and end time for his membership.
Jimmy Estacio was a member of the Deportivo Cali sports team, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Omar Pérez was a member of the sports team CD Castellón, starting and ending at specific times.
Scouting and Guiding in Spain is a part of both Girl Guides and Scouting.
Johnny Aitkenhead was a member of the Scottish Football League XI, with a specific start and end time for his participation.
Jody Hice was educated at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, where he earned an academic degree.
Teruaki Kurobe was a member of the sports team Cerezo Osaka, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
William Amaral de Andrade was a member of the sports team SD Compostela, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
Paul Brannen speaks and writes in English, which is his native language, and works in Brussels.
Lome Fa'atau was a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, with his start and end times for the team not specified in the graph.
The Mathabhanga River is a river in Bangladesh and a tributary of the Nabaganga River.
The Officers' Mess, directed by Basil Emmott, was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was originally filmed in the English language.
Junior Flemmings was a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies from a start time to an end time.
Buckhurst Hill tube station is adjacent to Loughton tube station, which connects and runs towards a specific direction.
Upfield railway station is adjacent to Campbellfield railway station, which connects towards a different part of the network.
Yuji Yaso was a member of the sports team Albirex Niigata from its start time until its end time.
Yehor Klymenchuk was a member of the sports team FC Kolos Kovalivka, with his start and end times for the team not specified in the graph.
Njogu Demba-Nyrén was a member of the sports team Falu FK, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Edward Holder is a human who plays as a winger for the Wigan Warriors rugby team.
Madame Courage, originally in Arabic, is a film or TV show from Algeria, set in Algeria.
Raimond van der Gouw was a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Robert Pintenat was a member of Toulouse FC from its start time until its end time.
First Niagara Bank was formed in Lockport, New York, and operates in the banking industry, with its stock listed on the Nasdaq.
Aldo Andreotti was a citizen of Italy, with his citizenship starting and ending at specific times.
The Coffee Song, performed by Frank Sinatra, was published in 1946.
The Halos is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music, specializing in the genre of doo-wop.
Ancestors: The Humankind Odyssey is a video game developed by Panache Digital Games and published by Private Division, available on Microsoft Windows and distributed through the Epic Games Store.
The Aero Boero AB-115 is an aircraft family manufactured and developed by Aero Boero in Argentina, based on the Aero Boero AB-95.
China United Airlines, an airline based in China with its headquarters in Beijing, operates out of Beijing Nanyuan Airport and was founded in 1986.
Yahoo! Finance is a website owned and created by Yahoo!, which was launched on January 1, 1998.
The Color of Money was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, with the nomination being the subject of a statement. The film ultimately won the award.
Veazie Dam is a dam located in Penobscot County, Maine, United States, on the Penobscot River in the Penobscot River basin.
Quillayute Airport, located in Washington state, United States, was inception on January 9, 1943, and serves the city of Forks, Washington.
Howdens Joinery, a business headquartered in London, was founded in 1995 and operates in the furniture industry, listing its stock on the London Stock Exchange.
Jaime Alvar Ezquerra, whose second family name is Ezquerra, is the son of Manuel Alvar and has siblings named Manuel Alvar Ezquerra, Antonio Alvar Ezquerra, and Alfredo Alvar.
The Amazing Spider-Man #129, published on February 1, 1974, is a comic book written by Gerry Conway and colored by Dave Hunt, part of the series The Amazing Spider-Man.
Instabug is a dot-com company founded in 2012 by Omar Gabr in Egypt, and it has been invested in by Y Combinator.
KQTZ is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Hobart, Oklahoma, and it was established in 1979 in the United States.
The Beeghly Center, an official building in Ohio, United States, was opened on December 2, 1972, and is occupied by Youngstown State University.
Igede is a modern language indigenous to both Ebonyi and Cross River States in Nigeria.
Middle Aston is a village and civil parish in the United Kingdom, located in the Cherwell District and sharing a border with North Aston.
The George C. Reifel Migratory Bird Sanctuary, established in 1967 and operated by the Canadian Wildlife Service, is located in Delta, British Columbia, Canada, and is part of the list of Migratory Bird Sanctuaries of Canada.
Roman Holiday was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, with the nomination being both a subject of and a winner of an award.
Times Beach, Missouri, an abandoned village and ghost town in the United States, was established in 1925 and is located in the state of Missouri.
The Millen Range is a mountain range located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the Victory Mountains in Antarctica, with its highest point being Mount Aorangi.
Mac Steeves is a human who plays as a forward for the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer, representing the United States.
Atanas Angelov is a Bulgarian male canoeist who competes in canoeing and kayaking.
AlterGeo is a business based in Russia, founded on July 2008 in Moscow, and conducts its operations in the Russian language.
Pahit-Pahit Manis is an Indonesian film directed by L. Inata, originally released in 1952.
Boyhood was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, with the nomination being the subject of a statement.
Staples Center, designed by NBBJ and opened on October 17, 1999, is home to the Los Angeles Kings and the Los Angeles Sparks, hosting ice hockey games.
Freeport is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States, established on February 14, 1789, and categorized under Category:Freeport, Maine.
Eric Dalton, a member of the Essendon Football Club, is a human whose family name is Dalton and who speaks English.
Ojuelegba is a song by Wizkid, featured on his album Ayo, and falls under the genre of Afrobeat, produced by Legendury Beatz.
The 2014 Sport 1 Open is a tennis tournament edition held in The Hague, Netherlands, in 2014.
Ju Kwon is a human who plays baseball as a pitcher for the KT Wiz and attended Cheongju High School.
Con brio, composed by Jörg Widmann and published by Schott Music in 2008, is a concert overture.
Tamarin is a free, open-source application software developed by Adobe Inc., written in C++ and licensed under the Mozilla Public License.
The 1976 Oregon State Beavers football team is an American football team season based in the United States.
The Institute for Computational Cosmology, a research institute founded in 2002, is located in Durham, England, United Kingdom.
The Memorial Tournament, an annual golf tournament founded in 1976, is located in Ohio, United States.
Henry Ware Jr., a human, was educated at both Phillips Academy and Harvard University, where he later worked as an employer at the university. His given name is Henry.
Basset Brook is a river in the United States, located in New York state, and flows into the West Branch Delaware River, draining into the Delaware River basin.
Raunchy, an instrumental rock and roll song performed by Bill Justis, was released under Phillips International Records in 1957.
Barr Pharmaceuticals, an Israeli business headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, was founded in 1970 and operates in the pharmaceutical industry.
Sale High School is a secondary school located in Sale, Greater Manchester, Trafford, United Kingdom, and it is a foundation school.
Zavolzhye Engine Factory, an open joint-stock company and public company owned by Sollers JSC, was established in 1958 and has its headquarters in Zavolzhye, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
La Grande Station, an train station in the United States, opened on July 29, 1893, and was officially closed on May 3, 1939. It is located in Downtown Los Angeles.
Eduardo Risso is a human who received the Yellow Kid Award and is described on Obalky knih.cz. His given name is Eduardo and his family name is Risso.
The Museum of the City of Skopje, located in Skopje, North Macedonia, was both inceptioned and officially opened in 1949.
Pine Valley is a borough in New Jersey, United States, founded on April 23, 1929, and located in Camden County, sharing a border with Clementon, New Jersey.
The XV Venice Challenge Save Cup — Singles is a men's tennis event held in Italy as part of the XV Venice Challenge Save Cup competition.
West Ham station is adjacent to Plaistow tube station and serves as a connecting line towards Plaistow.
The Wantagh Herald Citizen is a newspaper based in Wantagh, New York, United States.
The 2013 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Tommy Roe's single "Jam Up and Jelly Tight," released in 1970 on ABC Records, is a pop rock song.
Moorfields railway station, located in Liverpool, United Kingdom, is a train station operated by Merseyrail and was inaugurated in 1977.
The Indonesian Basketball Association, a sports governing body founded in 1952, is headquartered in Jakarta and governs basketball in the administrative territory of Jakarta.
St Peter's College in Auckland, New Zealand, is a secondary school founded on January 1, 1939, located in the Auckland Region with an Art Deco architectural style.
Kitchen Boss is a television series from the United States that aired from January 24, 2011, to April 2, 2012, with Buddy Valastro as the presenter.
Aadmi Sadak Ka is a Hindi film produced by Devendra Goel, written by Mushtaq Jalili, and starring Deven Verma. The film originates from India.
Croupier is a film set in London and centered around gambling, with Rhona Mitra in the cast. It originates from both the United States and the United Kingdom.
The 2013 season of the Fremantle Football Club, an Australian rules football team based in Australia, took place in 2013.
The John Charles Centre for Sport is a sports venue in the United Kingdom, located in Beeston, Leeds, and is used for rugby league. It is occupied by Hunslet R.L.F.C.
Sallisaw Municipal Airport, located in Oklahoma, United States, serves Sallisaw, Oklahoma, and is named after the city.
ADESS AG is a business headquartered in Munich, Germany, and was founded in 2012, operating in the automotive industry.
The National Museum of Bhutan, established on January 1, 1968, is located in Paro, Bhutan, serving as the country's national museum with its headquarters in Paro.
Strange Advance is a Canadian synth-pop band formed in 1982, signed to Capitol Records.
Platonic Theology, authored by Marsilio Ficino and published in 1482, is a book originally written in Latin and originating from Italy.
The South Franklin Street Historic District, located in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States, is an historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
The 2016 Argentina Women's Hockey National Tournament, a field hockey event held in 2016, is a sports festival for women's sports in Argentina.
Aldan Airport, located in Yakutia, Russia, serves the city of Aldan and is named after the region. It is an airport that functions as a transport hub for the area.
Crunt is an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, United States, and includes Kat Bjelland as a part of the group.
The Colorado Chill is a basketball team based in the United States, founded in 2003, and plays its home games at the Budweiser Events Center.
Frellstedt railway station is a train station in Germany, located in the administrative territory of Frellstedt and operated by DB Regio. It is adjacent to Helmstedt railway station.
Michael Deeley was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture for his work, which is the subject of the statement.
Choro das 3 is a Brazilian band that plays choro and is part of the rock and pop genre, featuring Lia Meyer Ferreira.
Business Academy Aarhus, a business school and higher education institution in Denmark, was established in 2009 and is located in Aarhus Municipality.
Torn Banner Studios, a Canadian video game developer headquartered in Toronto, was founded in 2011 and operates in the video game industry.
Esporte Clube Rio Verde is an association football club founded on August 22, 1963, in Brazil, with Iranildo as its head coach.
The NCC Class WT is a tank locomotive manufactured by Derby Works and operated by NI Railways, with a wheel arrangement of 2-6-4T, designed by George Ivatt.
Mythology, a written work by Edith Hamilton published in 1942, primarily covers Greek mythology and was published by Little, Brown and Company.
WP 35 is a Finnish bandy sports club founded in 1935, headquartered in Varkaus.
Furmanovsky District is a municipal district located in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, with its capital in Furmanov. This district falls under the administrative territorial entity of Ivanovo Oblast.
The South Jersey Times, an English-language periodical literature, was founded in 2012 and is owned by Advance Publications, based in the United States.
Kazhakam is a Malayalam-language film from India, composed by Jerry Amaldev, released in 1996.
John Ripple, a male human, was born in Lexington, North Carolina, and plays American football.
Deep Run High School, located in Virginia within the Henrico County Public Schools district, was established in 2002 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
The LNWR Precedent Class is a tender locomotive manufactured by Crewe Works, operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, with a 2-4-0 wheel arrangement, and was designed by engineer Francis Webb.
Johnny Two Shoes is a video game developer based in the United Kingdom with headquarters in London, who began operations on August 1, 2007, in the video game industry.
Transmitter Solt, an architectural structure located in Solt, Hungary, was built by Magyar Posta and began operations on January 10, 1977.
The King's Cupboard was a Canadian television show that aired from January 20 to March 31, 1958, on CBC Television.
The Society of the Holy Child Jesus, founded by Cornelia Connelly in England in 1846, is a teaching order named after the Christ Child.
Sabari is an action film produced by Salem Chandrasekharan, starring Vijayakanth, originally produced in the Tamil language and originating from India.
The DKW Munga is a car model manufactured by Auto Union in Germany, under the DKW brand, and was succeeded by the Volkswagen Iltis.
Waves is a song by the band Blancmange, released on January 1, 1983, and produced by Mike Howlett.
The Estadio Municipal de Marbella, a soccer-specific stadium built in 1975, is located in Marbella, Spain, and is occupied by Marbella FC.
Peoria is a city in Arizona, United States, established on June 7, 1954, and it shares a border with Glendale, Arizona.
The 2008–09 Taça de Portugal season is a football competition in Portugal that took place from 2008 to 2009.
Design Flaws of the Human Condition, a novel by Paul Schmidtberger published on January 1, 2007, is set in New York City.
North Mesquite High School, located in Texas, United States, was founded in 1969 and is part of the Mesquite Independent School District, serving as a high school in North America.
Green Island FC, an association football club based in New Zealand, was founded in 1896 and plays in the FootballSouth Premier League.
Marcus Whitman Middle/High School, located in New York state, United States, was founded in 1971 and is part of the Marcus Whitman Central School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Langton Matravers is a village and civil parish located in the Purbeck District of the United Kingdom.
Forchia is a comune and the capital of its province in the Province of Benevento, Italy, sharing a border with Moiano.
David Rittich is a goaltender who plays for BK Mladá Boleslav and is a human named David Rittich.
Openclipart is a website and library founded by Jon Phillips and Bryce Harrington in 2004.
Ganeshana Galate is a comedy film directed by Phani Ramachandra, released in 1995, and produced in India.
AD San Juan is an association football club based in Spain, founded in 1962, and plays in the Tercera División league.
Club Banco Hipotecario is an Argentine sports team founded on January 1, 1956, that competes in rugby union.
The Académie des sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Rouen, an academy based in Rouen, France, was founded on June 17, 1744, with Jean Costentin serving as its chairperson.
The 1976 Penn State Nittany Lions football team was an American football team based in the United States, playing in the 1976 season.
The CSX Transportation Building, an International Style building located in the United States, was inaugurated in 1960 and is owned by CSX Corporation.
WIBC (FM), an radio station owned by Emmis Communications, was founded on January 1, 1961, and is located in Indiana, United States.
Sportsbet.com.au is a business headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, which was founded in 1993 and is owned by Flutter Entertainment.
Hardships! is an independent music album by Jenny Wilson, released in 2009. It follows the album Love and Youth.
The Modern University for the Humanities, a university founded in 1992, is located in Moscow, Russia.
King's Park railway station is a train station located in King's Park, Glasgow, United Kingdom, operated by Abellio ScotRail.
The 1995–96 Taça de Portugal season is a football competition in Portugal that took place from 1995 to 1996.
The Green Scarf is a mystery film produced by Albert Fennell, distributed by British Lion Films, originally produced in the English language, and originates from the United Kingdom.
Markus Oberleitner was a member of SpVgg Unterhaching, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Ngee Ann Kongsi, founded by Seah Eu Chin in 1845, is a business headquartered in Singapore.
Gilbert Koomson was a member of the sports team Sogndal Fotball, with his start and end times recorded as part of an acquisition transaction.
The Federal Amateur Hockey League, a sports league in Canada that focused on ice hockey, was founded in 1903 and dissolved in 1909.
Tracton GAA is a sports club based in County Cork, Republic of Ireland, specializing in hurling and with its headquarters in County Cork.
Dancing Shadows is a Contemporary R&B album released in 2018, performed by Mario and produced by Jake Gosling.
Traditional Home is an English-language magazine that originated in the United States and was first published in 1989 in New York City.
Selene Johnson is a female human from the United States, with the given name Selene and the family name Johnson.
The Branch is a river located in Keene, New Hampshire, United States, and it flows into the Ashuelot River, with Otter Brook being one of its tributaries.
Mancetter is a village and civil parish located in North Warwickshire, United Kingdom.
The Readington Village Historic District, located in Readington Village, New Jersey, is an historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States and administered by Readington Township, New Jersey.
Excelsior High School, located in Norwalk, California, United States, was an institution founded in 1924 and operated until 1981.
Tenchi in Tokyo is a Japanese adventure television series with Shinobu Adachi as the voice actor, originating from Japan.
Marion James is a human whose family name is James and who performs in the blues genre, recording with Excello Records.
The 2000 Liga Perdana 1 season is a football season in Malaysia that began on January 1, 2000.
Antonio Sánchez Navarro, a male football player born on April 22, 1997, is a member of the RCD Mallorca B team and is human.
Robinson Town Centre is a shopping mall located in Pennsylvania, United States, and was opened in 1988 by Forest City Realty Trust.
The Romeo + Juliet soundtrack, released on Capitol Records on October 29, 1996, is a soundtrack album for the film Romeo + Juliet.
Rivadavia Airport, located in Mendoza Province, Argentina, is an airport named after Rivadavia, Mendoza, and serves as a transport hub for the city.
The 1966 Women's Western Open was a women's golf season held in the United States.
Hockey East is an ice hockey league in the United States, specifically based in New England, and competes in NCAA Division I.
The Vitebsky Central Sport Complex is a soccer-specific stadium located in Vitebsk, Vitebsk Region, Belarus, and it was officially opened in 1937.
Chaliyar is a river in India, located in Kerala, that flows into the Arabian Sea and is a tributary of the Iruvanjippuzha.
Rachelle Consiglio, a human resident of Fairfield County, Connecticut, is married to Steve Wilkos.
La Capilla del Hombre, an Ecuadorian museum located in Quito, was initiated on January 1, 2002, and officially opened in 2002.
The Dodge Demon is a concept sports car introduced by Dodge in 2005.
Strait Island is an island located in the North and Middle Andaman district of India, part of the Andaman Islands, and situated near the Bay of Bengal.
Sanzigen, an animation studio founded in 2003 and headquartered in Suginami, operates in the anime industry as a Kabushiki gaisha.
Lucas Vorsterman was born in Antwerp and the times he spent there are defined by a start and end time.
"That Lucky Old Sun" is a song performed by James Brown, with lyrics by Haven Gillespie and composed by Beasley Smith, first published in 1949.
Offset Software, a video game developer with headquarters in Newport Beach, California, was active in the video game industry from 2004 to 2010.
I Am Love is an album released by Peabo Bryson in 1981, produced by Johnny Pate and released under Capitol Records.
Muskeget Island Airport, located on Muskeget Island in Nantucket County, United States, was inaugurated on January 3, 1961 and is an airport.
David Warner is a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party and a human who speaks and writes English.
"Dear Louise" was written by Philippe de Broca and produced by Alexandre Mnouchkine and Georges Dancigers. The film is in French and originated from France.
In 1951, the Mayo Senior Football Team won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship season of Gaelic football.
Griggs Dam is a dam located in Franklin County, Ohio, on the Scioto River within the Ohio River basin, United States.
VV Spijkenisse is an amateur football club based in the Netherlands, founded on January 1, 1946, and plays in the Hoofdklasse league.
Deshbandhu College for Girls, an Indian college established in 1955, is located in the Kolkata district of Kolkata.
Stephanie Jallen, a human educated at King's College (Pennsylvania), participated in Alpine skiing at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Miss World Philippines, a female beauty pageant founded by Cory Quirino, was established in 2011 and is headquartered in Manila, Philippines.
The Glacier Institute, a nonprofit organization founded in 1983, is headquartered in Kalispell, Montana, United States.
Circlesongs is a vocal jazz album by Bobby McFerrin, released under Sony Classical Records in 1997.
Kagawa Nutrition University, founded in 1948 and located in Sakado, Saitama, Japan, is an institution of higher education with its headquarters in Sakado, Saitama.
Ben Wallace was a player for the Orlando Magic, starting at an unspecified time and playing the position of center until an unspecified end time.
Dawson Odums, a male human born in Shelby, North Carolina, is an educated individual from North Carolina Central University and serves as a head coach.
Humberto Tozzi was a member of Fluminense FC, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Tôlanaro Airport, located in the Anosy Region of Madagascar, serves the city of Tôlanaro and is named after the region. It is an airport serving the administrative territorial entity of Tôlanaro.
The Bureau of Corporations, a government agency in the United States, was established in 1903 but was dissolved in 1915, being replaced by the Federal Trade Commission.
The El Salvador national beach soccer team, owned by the Salvadoran Football Federation, competes in men's association football and represents El Salvador in beach soccer.
WHYA is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, founded in 1987 and owned by John Garabedian.
The World Computer Chess Championship, organized by the International Computer Games Association and a type of tournament, began in 1974 and is a subclass of the World championship for chess.
Stone Town is a city located in the Mjini Magharibi Region of Tanzania and is part of Zanzibar City. It is designated as a World Heritage Site.
Willem II College, a school in the Netherlands, was founded on January 1, 1866, and is located in Tilburg.
Cornelia Brierly, a female human, was born in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, and educated at Carnegie Mellon University. Her given name is Cornelia.
Sokolce, a municipality in Slovakia, was first mentioned in 1332 and is located in the Komárno District.
UrgentRx is a business founded in 2010, headquartered in Denver, United States, operating in the pharmaceutical industry.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 826, enacted on May 20, 1993, follows Resolution 825 and precedes Resolution 827. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Should the Woman Pay? is an Australian film directed by Patrick Barton, released in 1966, originally in the English language.
Susanne Andersen won the young rider classification in the 2016 Ladies Tour of Norway and was a member of the sports team.
Ján Svorada was a member of the UAE Team Emirates cycling team, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Roof Over Heaven is a book written by F.J. Thwaites and published in 1953. It originates from Australia and is written in English.
The 1960 Western Michigan Broncos football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Pierre Pujol was a member of the Volley Treviso team, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Nethermost Pike is a fell located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, part of the Lake District mountain range and a subsidiary peak of Helvellyn.
Haidari F.C., an association football club based in Greece, was founded in 1937 and has its headquarters in Haidari.
Claude Lorius received the Balzan Prize for his work, which was awarded to a French citizen in 1997 in the field of earth sciences.
Buzzwick Airport, located in Michigan, United States, was established on January 2, 1973, and serves Carleton, Michigan.
In 1966, the Australia Davis Cup team won the tennis tournament edition of the Davis Cup competition.
The 1990 New York Mets season was a baseball team season that took place in the United States in 1990.
The Miss Asia Pageant, an instance of a female beauty pageant, was first held in 1985 in Hong Kong but was dissolved in 2015. It resumed in 2004 under the same name.
Pizzo Magn is a mountain located in the Canton of Ticino, Switzerland, part of the Lepontine Alps, with Mottone di Cava as its parent peak.
Merced College, a public educational institution in the United States, was established on February 27, 1962, and is located in California.
Saint Joseph High School, located in Denver, Colorado, United States, was founded in 1908 and operated until 1973. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Hullabaloo is a punk rock band from the United States, formed in 1986, and signed to Toxic Shock Records.
The 2001 Boise State Broncos football team is an American football season based in the United States.
The Dream Academy is a folk rock band formed in 1983 in the United Kingdom, and they are signed with Warner Bros. Records.
The Action of Agagia was a battle fought on 26 February 1916 in Egypt during the Senussi campaign, involving the United Kingdom as a participant.
Annalie Longo was a member of Sydney FC from its start time, and her involvement in the W-League ended at a certain time.
Ragtime Snap Shots is a silent film produced by Hal Roach, starring Bebe Daniels, and originated from the United States. It is now in the public domain.
Jennifer James, a human educated at Rose Bruford College, is married to Lee Boardman and began her work period in 2000.
Peachtree Ridge High School, located in Georgia, United States, was established in 2003 and is part of the Gwinnett County Public Schools district.
Sveriges Radio P2 is a Swedish radio station that was founded on January 1, 1955, and is owned by Sveriges Radio, broadcasting in the Swedish language.
Wafa Assurance, a company owned by Attijariwafa Bank, was founded on October 1, 1972, and has its headquarters in Casablanca.
US Sandweiler is an association football club based in Luxembourg, founded in 1937 and playing in the Luxembourg Division of Honour.
Brynhild Parker, a human from the United Kingdom who was a member of the East London Group, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. Her surname is Parker.
Kadiogo Province, a province of Burkina Faso, is located in the Centre Region and has its capital in Ouagadougou.
A Bridge Too Far (film), based on William Goldman's book and set in 1944, stars Simon Chandler and Anthony Hopkins.
Alexander Gschliesser is a human who participated in ice hockey at the 1994 Winter Olympics and is a member of the HC Fassa sports team.
Lim Hyo-jun is a human from South Korea who competes in short track speed skating and was educated at Dongbuk High School.
Carlos Zegarra was a member of Sporting Cristal, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
FC Klechesk Kletsk is an association football club based in Belarus, founded in 2007 and playing in the Belarusian First League.
Wick F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1892 and plays in the Sussex County Football League.
Ishiya Station is adjacent to Hon-Ishikura Station, which is the connecting line that starts after and travels towards another station.
T Brand Studio is a company founded in 2014 and headquartered in New York City, owned by The New York Times Company.
KKBox is a streaming media receiver website that was launched on October 2, 2004, in Taiwan, and it is available on the Android operating system.
Eugene Ashley High School, an instance of a high school in North America, was established in 2001 and is located in North Carolina within the New Hanover County Schools district, United States.
John J. Gilman was educated at Illinois Institute of Technology, where he earned an academic degree in his chosen major.
KFWR is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Jacksboro, Texas, and it was founded on January 1, 1970, in the United States.
The Seven Professors of the Far North is an English-language adventure novel authored by John Fardell and published on January 1, 2004.
China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation, a state-owned enterprise headquartered in Beijing, was founded in 1999 and operates in the shipbuilding industry in China.
Kuurne Heliport, an airport named after Kuurne, is located in Belgium and serves the city of Kuurne.
Victoria bus station is a bus station located in Victoria, London, within the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, operated by Transport for London.
Andijan District, located in the Andijan Region of Uzbekistan, was established in 1926 and has its capital in Kuyganyor.
Markus Heikkinen was a member of the sports team Turun Palloseura, with a start and end time for his membership.
Mighty-O Donuts, a business founded in Seattle in 2000, is headquartered in the same city and operates in the United States.
KBQF is a radio station based in McFarland, California, United States, which began operations on January 1, 2009, and broadcasts in Mexican Spanish.
Wanda R. Smith High School, located in Keene, Texas within the Keene Independent School District, was founded in 1989 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
NikkeiWest is a newspaper based in San Jose, California, United States.
WBNS (AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Columbus, Ohio, in the United States. It was founded on January 1, 1922, and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Ohio.
WWHG is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Evansville, Wisconsin, United States, and it was inception in 1989.
The 1947 Women's Western Open was a women's golf season held in the United States in 1947.
The Empire Geographical Union, an organization based in the United States with headquarters in New York City, was founded in 2012 and competes in rugby union.
Blake Harrison, a human, started his work period in 2001 and was educated at the BRIT School. His full name is Blake Harrison.
The 2012 Houston Cougars football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Islom Inomov was a member of the sports team Pakhtakor Tashkent FK, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Tenmyouya Hisashi, a male artist born on February 10, 1966, in Saitama Prefecture, is a human.
Alfond Stadium, owned and occupied by Rollins College, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Florida, United States.
The Canon EOS-1D Mark II is a digital single-lens reflex camera model manufactured by Canon Inc., introduced in 2004 under the Canon brand.
The Olzie Whitehead Williams House, located in Wilson, North Carolina, is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Wilson County, United States.
Unsraw, a punk rock band formed in 2006 in Japan, is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Jack Hirsch is a human who attended Van Nuys High School and the University of California, Los Angeles, and is a member of the UCLA Bruins sports team. His given name is Jack.
Soyuz 17, a Soyuz rocket, was launched on January 10, 1975, and landed in Kazakhstan on August 9, 1975.
The 2015 British Touring Car Championship is a season of auto racing held in the United Kingdom during 2015.
The Ouaquaga Lenticular Truss Bridge, an historic bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States, and was designed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co.
The Foundation for Research, Science and Technology, a crown entity in New Zealand, was established on January 1, 1990, and dissolved on February 1, 2011, being replaced by the Ministry of Science and Innovation.
Kamishihoro is a town in Japan, located in the Tokachi Subprefecture and categorized under Municipalities of Japan.
The Dauphins de Créteil is a French water polo team that was founded in 1973 and competes in the Championnat de France.
The Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute, established in 1973, is a research institute focused on Ukrainian studies and is part of Harvard University in the United States.
XPO Logistics, an American business founded in 1989, has its headquarters in Greenwich, Connecticut, and is managed by Bradley S. Jacobs.
The European Journal of Combinatorics, an English-language scientific journal published by Elsevier, was inceptioned on January 1, 1993, and primarily focuses on mathematics.
Ronnie Caryl is a male human who plays the guitar and performs in the blues genre.
The Folklore Museum of Giannitsa, located in Giannitsa, Greece, was established on October 1977 and primarily focuses on the history of the region.
Valley Girl is an upcoming musical film directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg, produced in the United States and originally filmed in the English language.
Ace Bailey is a human who received the Stanley Cup and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame. He played in the National Hockey League and speaks English.
The 1980 Central Michigan Chippewas football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Daito Bunka University, founded in 1923, is a university located in Tokyo, Japan, under the category of Daito Bunka University.
Kuybyshevsky District, a municipal district in Rostov Oblast, Russia, was established in 1923 and its administrative center is Kuybyshevo.
Élie Baup is a goalkeeper in association football and a member of Toulouse FC. He is a human with the given name Élie.
Eagle County Regional Airport, located in Colorado, United States, was inaugurated on January 7, 1940, and serves the Eagle-Vail area in Colorado.
RugbyWA, a sports governing body for rugby union, was established in 1928 and governs the sport in Western Australia, Australia.
The 2014 WAC Women's Basketball Tournament was a season of women's basketball held in the United States on January 1, 2014.
Radio Student, a campus radio station licensed to broadcast in Zagreb, Croatia, was inception in 1996.
Intervilles is a French game show created by Guy Lux and originally aired on TF1.
2AM Club, an alternative rock band from the United States and a part of RCA Records, includes Marc E. Bassy.
Plymouth Meeting Mall, an American shopping mall located in Pennsylvania, was opened on October 10, 1966, and is owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
George D. Chamberlain High School, located in Tampa, Florida, United States, was founded in 1956 and is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Atom Ant, created by William Hanna and composed by Ted Nichols, aired from October 2, 1965, to August 31, 1968, and was distributed by Screen Gems.
Warren Wright is a male human and a member of the Republican Party in the United States. His family name is Wright and his given name is Warren.
Les Affaires is a French-language magazine that was inception in 1928 and originates from Canada.
Metro Camarones is a metro station located in Mexico City, Mexico, and it opened on November 29, 1988, as part of the Mexico City Metro system.
The Excelsior Hotel, located in Canterbury, New Zealand, was built in 1882 and designed by architect William Armson.
Portstewart is a town and seaside resort located in County Londonderry, United Kingdom, within the administrative territorial entity of Derry.
Blidworth Welfare F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1926 and plays in the Central Midlands Football League.
SuperBob is a comedy film released in 2015, starring David Harewood and Catherine Tate.
Saat Paake Bandha is a Bengali-language film produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, starring Laboni Sarkar and Subhasish Mukherjee, and is from India.
Kadijatu Kebbay, a female model from Sierra Leone born on January 1, 1986, is a human.
The 1974 Thailand Regional Games, a multi-sport event held in Chonburi Province, Thailand, took place in 1974 as part of the Thailand National Games.
Springside Chestnut Hill Academy, an American school located in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, was founded in 1861 and re-incepted in 2010.
Esther Wangeci, born on November 22, 1990, is a female volleyball player and human.
Korund is a private limited company enterprise with its headquarters in Dzerzhinsk, Russia, established in 1915.
The 2009 Boston Cannons season, an instance of a sports season, took place in the United States on January 1, 2009, for field lacrosse in the Major League Lacrosse competition.
Ward LaFrance Truck Corporation was a commercial vehicle manufacturer based in the United States, founded in 1916 and dissolved in 1979.
Penguin Bloom is a drama film from the United States, starring Naomi Watts.
FFSA NTC is an association football club founded in 2010, owned by the South Australian Sports Institute, and plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia.
Thomas G. Patten was a human who served as a United States representative and is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale). He spoke and wrote in English.
Dovedale by Moonlight, painted on canvas with oil paint, is located in the Allen Memorial Art Museum and depicts Dovedale.
The 2009 season of the Orix Buffaloes, a Japanese baseball team, took place in 2009.
Auguste Verdyck is a Belgian cyclist.
Cyril Domoraud was a member of the sports team Konyaspor, starting and ending at specific times.
Callaway Cars, a business founded in 1977 in Old Lyme, Connecticut, produces car models.
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, founded in 2009, and plays in the Midland Football Combination.
The Port Austin Light is a lighthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, located in Michigan, and began serving in 1878.
The Jaz Parks series, an instance of a book series in vampire literature, was authored by Jennifer Rardin and published by Orbit Books on October 8, 2007.
Walters State Community College, a public educational institution in the United States, was founded in 1970 and is located in Morristown, Tennessee.
Flexa Ribeiro is a human who serves as a Brazilian senator and is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party. He works in Brasília and speaks Portuguese.
From the Mouth of the Whale is a novel published in 2008 by Sjón, an Icelandic literary work.
Udbodhan is a Bengali-language magazine founded by Swami Vivekananda on January 1, 1899, in India.
The Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant, designed by architect Albert Kahn, is located in Richmond, California, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1958 Women's Western Open was a women's golf season held in the United States.
Avon Road station, located in Upper Darby Township, Pennsylvania, United States, is a tram stop that connects SEPTA Routes 101 and 102 and is adjacent to Hilltop Road station.
The Mandet Museum, founded in 1866 and located in Riom, France, is named after Francisque Mandet and is an instance of a museum.
The S.D. Warren Paper Mill, located in Westbrook, Maine, United States, is part of the Cumberland Mills Historic District and was designed by architect John Calvin Stevens.
Mohamed Hamzah is a Malaysian human of the Islamic faith, known for his work with the Flag of Malaysia.
Shurdington is a village and civil parish in the Tewkesbury Borough, United Kingdom.
Pascal Camadini was a member of the sports team RC Strasbourg Alsace, with a start and end time for his membership.
Box Car Racer DVD, released on November 5, 2002, is an English-language film starring Tom DeLonge and distributed by MCA Records.
Wollongong Central, a shopping mall located in New South Wales, Australia, was inaugurated on January 1, 1975, and is owned by the GPT Group.
Vamos a Cuba is a book about geography authored by Alta Schreier, published in the United States on January 1, 2001.
VH1, a television station based in Poland and owned by Viacom International Media Networks, was launched in 2005 with its headquarters in Warsaw.
The Malaysia Rugby League Premier, an association football league in Malaysia, was founded in 2004 and also involves rugby union competitions.
Cisitalia, a joint-stock company founded by Piero Dusio, is headquartered and formed in Turin, operating in the automotive industry.
Blind Willie Johnson performed the gospel blues song "God Don't Never Change," which was released on Columbia Records in 1929.
Chattahoochee High School, located in Georgia, United States, was founded in 1991 and is part of the Fulton County School System. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Khujand Airport, located in the Sughd Region of Tajikistan and named after the city of Khujand, serves the city of Khujand.
American Fangs is a rock band formed in Houston in 2008, originally signed to Best Before Records and hailing from the United States.
Beaumont station, located in Beaumont, Texas, United States, is a train station that connects to the Sunset Limited service.
Marc Weller was a member of the sports team Angers SCO, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The GWR 1854 Class is a tank locomotive manufactured by Swindon Works and operated by the Great Western Railway. It has a wheel arrangement of 0-6-0T and was designed by engineer William Dean.
The Pennsylvania Railroad 460 operated under the Pennsylvania Railroad from a start time and also ran on the Pennsylvania Reading Seashore Lines from its own start time, all within the administrative territorial entity of Pennsylvania.
Bill Murch is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club.
Caloncho, a Mexican male musician, was born on December 20, 1986.
The 2000 New York Mets season is an instance of a baseball team season that took place in the United States in 2000.
Ras Al Khaimah International Airport, an international airport located in the Emirate of Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates, was established on January 1, 1976.
"The Knight in the Panther's Skin," an epic poem authored by Shota Rustaveli, was written in the Georgian language around 1180.
Shinya Tsuruoka, a human from Japan, plays as a catcher for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks.
Bluegogo was a company that was founded on November 1, 2016, and dissolved due to bankruptcy on November 1, 2017.
The Brenham Downtown Historic District, located in Texas, United States, is a historic district designated on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Advision Studios, a recording studio founded by Stephen Appleby in 1960, is located in Fitzrovia, United Kingdom.
Juventud Alianza is an association football club based in Argentina, founded in 1973 and playing in the Torneo Argentino B.
The Rugby Union of Serbia operates in Serbia and was previously based in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It is a member of both Rugby Europe and World Rugby.
Dmitri Anatolyevich Kozlov was a member of Dinaburg FC, with his tenure starting and ending at unspecified times.
Tunis University, established in 1960 and located in Tunis, Tunisia, is a member of the Mediterra network and an instance of a university.
The Holden Camira, a car model manufactured by General Motors, follows the Holden Torana and was succeeded by the Holden Apollo.
Perssu 1977 Sumenep is an association football club based in Indonesia, playing in the Liga 2 and competing at Ahmad Yani Stadium.
KCML is a radio station founded in 1998, located in Minnesota, United States, and owned by Leighton Broadcasting.
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science, founded in 1864 and part of Columbia University, is located in Manhattan, United States.
The OSE class 460 is an electric multiple unit that is part of the Siemens Desiro Classic series, manufactured by Siemens Mobility and operated by the Hellenic Railways Organisation.
The Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, named after Dorothy Buffum Chandler, is an opera house located in California, United States, and is part of the Los Angeles Music Center.
Oadby Town F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1937 and plays in the United Counties League.
Eton Manor F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1901 and plays in the Essex Senior Football League.
Pulse 1 is a radio station located in the City of Bradford, United Kingdom, owned by Wireless Group, and it began operations in 1975.
River Winster is a river located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, that flows into River Kent and has Helton Tarn on its course.
The Manor House Hotel, located in Castle Combe, United Kingdom, was opened in 1947 and is owned by Exclusive Hotels.
Come Around Again is a rock music album by Tony Lucca, released on August 26, 2008, following Canyon Songs.
The Interlaken Mill Bridge, located in Rhode Island, United States, is a bridge that crosses the Pawtuxet River and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Ryōsuke Ogata, a human outfielder, is a member of the Hanshin Tigers baseball team.
The Carnation Revolution was a coup d'état that took place on 25 April 1974 in Portugal.
The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce, founded by Francis Ikome in 2014, is an organization based in Washington, D.C., United States.
KMJM (AM) is a radio station owned by IHeartMedia, located in Iowa and licensed to broadcast to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, in the United States.
The Division of Gippsland, which was established in 1901 and named after Gippsland, is a division of the Australian House of Representatives located in Victoria, Australia.
William Patterson, born in 1854, was a human who played cricket and was a citizen of the United Kingdom. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, and his given name was William.
Axel played for Paraná Clube, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
TV total, created and presented by Stefan Raab, includes season 1 and has music composed by heavytones. The show is originally in the German language.
AS Fortior is an association football club based in Madagascar, playing in the THB Champions League and competing at their home venue, Barikadimy Stadium.
Sheboygan Falls is a fourth-class city in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States, founded in 1835.
South Hadley High School, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a high school founded in 1870 and part of the South Hadley Public Schools district.
Persatu Tuban is an association football club founded in 1975, based in Indonesia and competing in Liga 2.
The Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, an African-American museum located in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States, was inaugurated in 2008.
The Suttor River, a river located in Queensland, Australia, is a tributary of the Belyando River and flows into the Burdekin Dam.
The New York City Department of Education, an instance of a government agency founded in 2002, is located in New York City, United States, and is a member of the World Wide Web Consortium.
The Principality is a newspaper published in Cardiff, edited by Evan Jones (Ieuan Gwynedd) and John Emlyn Jones, and published by David Tudor Evans. The newspaper is written in the English language.
The MS Georges Philippar is an ocean liner operated by Messageries Maritimes, manufactured by Chantiers de l'Atlantique, and based in Marseille, France.
The Yale Journal of Biology and Medicine, an open-access scientific journal published by Yale University Press, was inception in 1928 and publishes works in the English language.
Satyajit Ray received the Filmfare Award for Best Director for his work in a specific point in time.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2101, published on April 25, 2013, follows Resolution 2100 and was followed by Resolution 2102. This resolution is an instance of both a United Nations resolution and a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Morafenobe Airport, located in the administrative territorial entity of Melaky, Madagascar, is an airport named after Morafenobe and serves as a transport hub for the area.
Irish Car Rentals, a car rental business founded in 1984, has its headquarters and formation location in Dublin.
Aconchi Municipality, located in the state of Sonora, Mexico, was established on April 13, 1932, with its capital also named Aconchi.
WNDE is a radio station owned by iHeartMedia, located in Indiana, United States, and licensed to broadcast to Indianapolis.
ND Dravinja is an association football club founded on January 1, 1934, based in Slovenia, and plays in the Slovenian Second League.
Lakeshore High School, located in Michigan, United States, was founded in 1957 and is part of the Lakeshore School District (Berrien).
The NLR Air Transport Safety Institute, based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, is a business and research institute that was established in 2007.
Stadion Slana Bara is a stadium located in Novi Sad, Serbia, where association football matches are played, and it is occupied by FK Proleter Novi Sad.
Tafsir al-Mizan is an Arabic encyclopedia and book of Tafsir authored by Muhammad Husayn Tabatabai.
UD Barbadás is an association football club based in Spain, founded in 1998 and currently playing in the Tercera División.
Graham Polak is a human who plays for East Fremantle Football Club and speaks English.
Holly Hunter was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Drama for her work, specifically at a certain point in time.
Staffanstorp is an urban area in Sweden, located in Staffanstorp Municipality and twinned with Grimmen. It serves as the capital of Staffanstorp Municipality.
WRZE is a radio station owned by iHeartMedia, located in South Carolina and licensed to broadcast to Kingstree, South Carolina, in the United States.
Pioneer Place is a shopping mall located in Portland, Oregon, United States, and was inaugurated in 1990. It is owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group.
Nora Holstad Berge was a member of the sports team Kolbotn Fotball, with a start and end time for her involvement.
Eastern Arizona College, a public community college in the United States, was founded in 1888 and is located in Thatcher, Arizona.
The International Olive Council, an organization founded in 1956, is headquartered in Madrid, Spain.
Impulse! Records, a jazz record label founded by Creed Taylor in 1960, operates in the United States.
Tanerau Latimer is a human who plays as a flanker in rugby union and rugby sevens, is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, and attended Tauranga Boys' College.
Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, D.C., United States, was inaugurated in 1871 and is maintained by the District Department of Transportation. It is an avenue located in the administrative territory of Washington, D.C.
Long Ashton railway station, located in Long Ashton, United Kingdom, is a train station operated by Great Western Railway and named after the town it serves.
The 2006 Open de Moselle singles tournament was a tennis event held in France in 2006, specifically for men's singles competition.
Joel Aldrich Matteson held the position of Governor of Illinois with a start and end time, replacing and being replaced by different individuals.
The 1976 Thailand Regional Games, held in Udon Thani Province, Thailand, were a multi-sport event that took place during the Thailand National Games in 1976.
Shadow of the Colossus (2018 video game) was published on February 8, 2018, for PlayStation 4 by Sony Interactive Entertainment, developed by Bluepoint Games, and based on the original Shadow of the Colossus.
The Cricketer is a magazine founded in 1921 by Pelham Warner and edited by Simon Hughes. It is based in the United Kingdom.
Kahili Airfield, an airport located in Papua New Guinea, was opened in 1942 and dissolved in 1945.
Tony Lloyd served as the Mayor of Greater Manchester with a specific start and end time, replacing and being replaced by other individuals in the role.
The Ottawa International Film Festival, which began in 2010, is a film festival located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Caricatures of Twenty-five Gentlemen, authored by Max Beerbohm and published in 1896, is a written work originally from the United States, written in the English language.
Concord Rangers F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1967 and plays in the Isthmian League.
Edmonson County High School, located in Kentucky, United States, is a high school established in 1959 and part of the Edmonson County Schools district.
The Nex CCN Cycling Team, founded in 2012 and based in Brunei, is a club cycling team that participates in road bicycle racing. One of its riders is CCN 2013.
The 5th New Brunswick Legislature was a legislative term for New Brunswick, Canada, succeeding the 4th New Brunswick Legislature and preceding the 6th New Brunswick Legislature.
White Hot Odyssey is a hard rock album released in 2004, performed by White Hot Odyssey and produced by Steve Perry, an Oregon musician.
The Qatar National Bank Tower is a high-rise building located in Doha, Qatar, owned by QNB Group.
Walenmatt is a mountain located in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland, part of the Jura Mountains, with Mont Raimeux as its parent peak.
Aqua Wing Arena, an ice hockey arena located in Nagano, Japan, was inaugurated on January 1, 1997.
Aleksey Butarevich was a member of the sports team FC Smolevichi, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Memaloose Airport, located in Oregon, United States, was established on January 11, 1949, and is operated by the United States Forest Service.
Massive Incorporated, a business owned by Microsoft, was founded in 2002 and has its headquarters in New York City.
The Return of Ultraman, created by Tsuburaya Productions and broadcast on Tokyo Broadcasting System, ran from April 2, 1971, to March 31, 1972, in the Japanese language.
Marine Corps Air Station Ewa, an air base located in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States, was established on June 18, 1952, and ceased to exist in 1952.
Columbian Harmony Cemetery, located in Washington, D.C., United States, was established in 1859 and operated until it was dissolved in 1959.
Ahmed Ouyahia, a human and a follower of Sunni Islam, served as the Prime Minister of Algeria and was educated at El Idrissi High School.
Khooni Shikanja is a horror film from India, released in 2000, with music composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Westroads Mall, located in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, is a shopping mall owned by Brookfield Properties Retail Group and opened on August 1, 1968.
The San Carlos River, located in Arizona, United States, is a river that flows into the Gila River and is part of the Gila River basin.
Aurum Hotels started operating in Italy and ended its operation there, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
Cascine is an indie pop record label headquartered in London, with its inception in 2010, though it also has a headquarters in New York.
Patrizia Caccamo is a human who plays as a forward in association football and is a member of both ASD Napoli CF and A.S.D. Riviera di Romagna Calcio Femminile.
WWDJ is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, and was founded on January 1, 1935, owned by Salem Media Group.
Ben Eoin Provincial Park, a provincial park of Canada, was established on February 11, 1975, and is located in Cape Breton County, part of the Bras d'Or Lake Biosphere Reserve.
Dunwoody High School, located in Georgia, United States, was established in 1971 and is part of the DeKalb County School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The 1902 California Golden Bears football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Richard F. Kneip is a human who was educated at South Dakota State University and held positions as the Governor of South Dakota and U.S. Ambassador. He speaks English.
James Marshall Unger was educated at the University of Chicago, earning academic degrees during a specific point in time.
Pamphilia to Amphilanthus, a poem authored by Lady Mary Wroth and published in 1621, is written in English and is now in the public domain.
Charles Coleman Sellers, a human, was educated at both Haverford College and Harvard University, received the Bancroft Prize, and is buried in Philadelphia.
Everett-Stewart Regional Airport, located in Tennessee, United States, was inaugurated on January 7, 1943, and serves Union City, Tennessee.
Bruce Davey was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture for his work, which is the subject of a related statement.
Joseph Horton is a human who plays cricket for the England cricket team and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Alison O'Donnell is a human who performs folk music, records with Deram Records, and uses her voice as her instrument.
The Christmas Dragon is a Christmas film released in 2014, originating from the United States and set in Europe.
Joshua Henry Davidson is a human who has received fellowships from both the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Amrithadhare, an Indian film produced in Kannada, was written by Ramesh Aravind and stars Divya Spandana, with Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar as the producer.
Jim & Jesse, an American bluegrass band formed on January 1, 1945, is associated with Epic Records.
South Plaquemines High School, an institution in the United States and part of the Plaquemines Parish School Board, was established on January 1, 2006, in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana.
Heart Half Empty, written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child, is performed by Stephanie Bentley and is in the English language, originating from the United States.
Eataly, founded by Oscar Farinetti in 2010, is a gastronomy company based in Alba, Piedmont, operating as a Società a responsabilità limitata.
AS Bakaridjan is an association football club based in Mali, founded in 1989 and playing in the Malian Première Division.
Sichuan University, located in Chengdu, China, was founded in 1896 and is categorized under the main category of Category:Sichuan University.
Mississippi to Mali is a blues album released in 2003 by Corey Harris on Rounder Records.
The 2019 Super Formula Championship is a season of motorsport held in Japan during 2019.
Merouane Zemmama is a human who plays association football as a midfielder for Raja Casablanca.
The 1972-73 season of the Buffalo Sabres, an ice hockey team based in the United States, was a one-year period in the sport of ice hockey.
Groene Leeuw was a professional cycling team based in Belgium, founded in 1945, that competed in road bicycle racing until it was dissolved in 1969.
The Daniels College of Business, founded in 1908, is a business school affiliated with the University of Denver, located in Colorado, United States.
The Paul and Madeleine Weidlinger House, designed by Paul Weidlinger and built on January 1, 1953, is a house in the United States that has been designated a place on the National Register of Historic Places.
The University of Belgrano, founded in 1964 by Avelino Porto, is a university located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
"The Shepherd" is a novella published by Hutchinson, primarily about Christmas, written in English and distinct from "The Shepherd: Border Patrol."
Ilsinho was a member of Sport Club Internacional, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Neale Cooper, a human who speaks English, coaches Gillingham F.C. and was a member of Ross County F.C., and he is the father of Alex Cooper, a footballer.
The Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium, located in Thung Kwao, Thailand, is named after the Phrae Provincial Administrative Organization and is home to Phrae United F.C.
Atil Municipality, located in the state of Sonora, Mexico, was established on December 24, 1934, and serves as the capital of its own municipality.
Visual kei is a music genre that originated in Japan and was first recognized in 1990, with its topic's main category being "Visual kei."
Old Yeller is an English-language novel authored by Fred Gipson and originates from the United States, classified as a literary work.
Trimurti Films, a business headquartered in Mumbai, India, was formed on January 1, 1970, in Mumbai.
Tabunungda Akaiba Likli is a film originally in the Meitei language, produced in India and released on September 21, 2013. Gokul Athokpam is one of its cast members.
Mikael Ishak is a member of the sports team 1. FC Köln, joining at an unspecified start time and leaving at an unspecified end time.
The 1883 season of the Buffalo Bisons was a baseball team season that took place in the United States.
The 1970 season of the Atlanta Braves, an instance of a baseball team season, took place in the United States during 1970.
Nostromo Defensa is a privately held business enterprise headquartered in Córdoba, Argentina, established in 2006.
The PNG Football Stadium is a sports venue located in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea, where rugby league is played and the Papua New Guinea national rugby league team competes.
A Thousand Lifetimes is an English-language Contemporary R&B album released in 2015, performed by Joe Moore.
Sturminster Newton United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom and named after Sturminster Newton, was founded in 1871.
Amritpal Singh, an Indian human athlete, competes in the long jump as part of the sport of athletics.
Nick's Bump is an album by Ben Sidran, released in 2004 under Nardis Records, performed in the English language.
The New York Fund is a country rock band formed in London in 2004, originating from the United Kingdom.
Potternewton Park, an urban park located in Chapeltown, City of Leeds, is maintained by the Leeds City Council and is situated in the United Kingdom.
Richard Henry Lee held the position of President of the Continental Congress, starting at an unspecified time and ending when he was replaced by another individual.
BlueLine Rental is a company founded in 2001, headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, United States.
Barclaycard, a business headquartered in Northampton, Germany, was founded in 1968 and is part of the Barclays organization.
Stuck Between Stations is an American romance film starring Josh Hartnett, originally filmed in English and set in Minnesota.
The Florida Department of Children and Families, a government agency based in Tallahassee, Florida, was established in 1996 and applies to the jurisdiction of Florida within the United States.
Turks & Caicos is a crime film produced in the United Kingdom, originally aired on BBC Two, and spoken in English.
Bill Buckler is a male human who played American football for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team.
Sarah Wells, a human, is educated at the University of Toronto and participates in athletics. Her given name is Sarah and her family name is Wells.
Italy participated in the 1978 European Athletics Championships, a nation-level competition in the sport of athletics held in 1978.
The Sepung Bridge, a concrete bridge in South Korea, was both initiated and officially opened in 2014.
The Honduran Cup, an annual national association football cup, was inceptioned in 1968 and starts its season in June.
Victoria Square in Birmingham, United Kingdom, is a town square named after Queen Victoria, which was inaugurated in 1994 and is located in the administrative territory of Birmingham.
Adam Again is an alternative rock band formed in California, originating from the United States, with their inception in 1982.
The Apex Historic District, located in Apex, North Carolina, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
The 2013 season of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, an association football team based in Brazil, took place in 2013.
Freigericht was established in 1970 and is a municipality located in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis, Germany, under the category of Freigericht.
Dominik Szoboszlai, a midfielder, has been a member of FC Red Bull Salzburg since July 21, 2017.
Pablo Morillo served as a lieutenant from its start time and as a lieutenant general until its end time.
Adrian Pederick is a human from South Australia who was educated at Urrbrae Agricultural High School and speaks and writes in English.
100 Grand is a game show from the United States, presented by Jack Clark, originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company.
Castle Adventure is an adventure video game developed in the United States, released on DOS and distributed on floppy disks.
The Land Transport Management Amendment Act 2008, a New Zealand statute, was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament and came into effect in 2008, applying to the jurisdiction of New Zealand.
Quiet Elegance is a soul music band formed in 1971, based in the United States and signed with Hi Records.
WHLD is a radio station in New York, United States, owned by Cumulus Media, which was founded on January 1, 1941.
LibriVox, founded by Hugh McGuire on August 00, 2005, is a virtual library and database service on the internet.
The Li Keqiang Government, which is an instance of a government in China and whose headquarters is located at Zhongnanhai, succeeded the Hu-Wen Administration and began on March 15, 2013.
Paul Geaney is a human who received two GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star awards and is a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team.
Springtime for Pluto, an English-language film produced by The Walt Disney Company and distributed by RKO Pictures, originated in the United States and is now part of the Museum of Modern Art's collection.
Meadowbank ferry wharf is a wharf located in New South Wales, Australia, owned by Roads and Maritime Services and operated by Transdev Sydney Ferries.
London Tradition is a fashion design business founded by Mamun Chowdhury in 2001, with its headquarters in Homerton.
"Signore delle cime," authored by Bepi De Marzi and published in 1958, is an Italian song originating from Italy.
Birds of North America is an English-language TV series on YouTube that focuses on conservation and birdwatching, with Wyatt Cenac in the cast.
Adrian Banaszek was a member of the Kolss Cycling Team, with a start time and an end time for his membership.
Musashino Art University, a university founded in 1962, is located in Tokyo, Japan, and falls under the category of Musashino Art University.
Sardegna Arena is a stadium located in Cagliari, Italy, and was officially opened on September 10, 2017, serving as the home ground for Cagliari Calcio.
POSB Bank, a finance business founded on January 1, 1877, is headquartered in Singapore and owned by DBS Bank.
Uwins Island is an island located in the Bonaparte Archipelago, Western Australia, and is situated next to Munster Water.
The European Association of Development Research and Training Institutes, a voluntary registered association based in Germany with its headquarters in Bonn, was founded in 1975.
The 1998 Detroit Shock season is a basketball team season that took place in the United States during 1998, competing in women's sports.
Mississippi Rising is a television show directed by Paul Miller and produced by MSNBC, originating from the United States.
Kahkashan is an Indian television show directed by Jalal Agha, originally produced in Hindi and aired on DD National.
The Coinage Act of 1849, signed by Harry S. Truman and legislated by the 30th United States Congress, is an Act of Congress applicable to the United States.
Patrice Noukeu was a member of K.A.A. Gent, starting and ending at specific times.
Craig Simon, a male rugby league player born on 17 April 1973, is a human.
Blind Massage, an award-winning French-Chinese film, received the Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film. Set in Nanjing, the original language of the film is Chinese.
The Binaural tour, a concert tour by Pearl Jam, took place from May 23, 2000, to November 6, 2000, originating from the United States.
Ligabue is an Italian film directed by Roberto Gerardi, starring Renzo Palmer, originally aired on Rai 1.
Huddersfield Grammar School, an independent school in the United Kingdom, was established on March 7, 1958, and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Kirklees.
Bangabasi Morning College, an institution of higher education founded in 1965, is located in Kolkata, Kolkata district, India.
Alqas Mirza was a male general officer who belonged to the Safavid dynasty and was the son of Ismail I.
Marlee Matlin received an Academy Award for Best Actress for her work, which is the subject of a notable statement.
Northwest Kidney Centers, a business founded by Belding Hibbard Scribner in 1962, is headquartered in Seattle, United States.
Interior FC, an association football club founded in 2002, plays in the GFA League First Division and has its home venue at Box Bar Stadium.
Daniel Rosolio is a human who serves as a Knesset member and works at the University of Haifa, where he speaks and writes in Hebrew.
The Greenland Airport Authority, a state-owned enterprise and business entity, was established in 1988 with its headquarters in Nuuk. It operates as a fixed-base operator in the aviation industry.
Drusti Parish, a parish in Latvia, is the capital of Drusti and is located within the Rauna Municipality.
The Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, established on January 1, 1895, is an agency of the United States government and is part of the list of agriculture ministries, applying to the jurisdiction of Pennsylvania.
FK Polimlje is an association football club based in Serbia, founded in 1926 and playing in the Drina Zone League.
Business Center is a television show that aired from 2000 to 2005, originally on CNBC Asia and produced in Singapore.
The Berlin Alexanderplatz station is adjacent to the Berlin Hackescher Markt station, with connecting lines between them.
"Girls Are Out to Get You" is a funk song performed by The Fascinations, produced by Curtis Mayfield, and was published in 1967.
Catalunya al Senat was a parliamentary group representing Catalan nationalism in Spain, existing from 1982 to 1983.
The Film School of the Aristotle University, located in Thessaloniki, Greece, was established in 2004 and is part of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
The 2015 Shenzhen landslide, which occurred in Guangming District, China, took place on December 20, 2015.
Rocket 88, produced by Sam Phillips and written by Jackie Brenston, is based on the Cadillac Boogie and is in the English language.
Blobby Volley is a sports video game published for MacOS on November 1, 2000, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Luxembourg was represented by an Olympic delegation at the 1968 Summer Olympics, participating in various sports on January 1, 1968.
The Francis Land House, built in 1986, is a house located in Virginia, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Ladies' Trophy is a WTA Premier tennis tournament organized by the Women's Tennis Association, held at Sibur Arena and classified as women's sports.
Atmosfair is an organization headquartered in Bonn, Germany, which was founded in 2005 and is a member of the Initiative Transparent Civil Society.
Kovach Island is an island located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the South Shetland Islands, and situated in the Drake Passage off the coast of Antarctica.
Kenmore State High School, an Australian state high school, was established in 1972 and is located in Queensland, North America.
Mill Woods Park is an urban park located in Alberta, Canada, owned by Edmonton, and it was officially opened in 1982.
The 1946–47 Detroit Red Wings season is an ice hockey team season that took place in the United States during the 1946–1947 season.
Daporijo is a human settlement in India, located in the Upper Subansiri district, which it also serves as the district capital. It was established on 19 June 1991.
The 1946 Chicago Cubs season is an instance of a baseball team season that took place in the United States.
S.A. Engineering College, an engineering school affiliated with Anna University, was established in 1998 and is located in Tamil Nadu, India.
Tao Group is a software company that was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom.
Idridgehay railway station, located in Derbyshire, United Kingdom, was established in 2008 and is named after the nearby area of Idridgehay.
The Algona Brownies, an American baseball team, were founded on January 1, 1902, and compete in the Western Independent Clubs league.
Kepez Belediyesi S.K. is a basketball team based in Kepez, Antalya, Turkey, playing in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
Rockets Red Glare, an alternative rock band from Canada, was formed in 1999 and is signed to Sick Room Records.
Navia CF is a Spanish association football club that was founded in 1960 and plays in the Tercera División.
The Royal Danish Ballet, founded on January 1, 1748, is a ballet company headquartered in Kongens Nytorv, Denmark, and falls under the category of Royal Danish Ballet.
Binham is a village and civil parish located in North Norfolk, United Kingdom.
The Castaways Hotel and Casino, a skyscraper located in Nevada, United States, was inaugurated on January 1, 1954, and serves as a hotel.
The Publishing and Trade Centre "Marka," an enterprise and business operating as a joint-stock company, was founded in 1857 and has its headquarters in Moscow.
Norwest Corporation, a company headquartered in Minneapolis, United States, was founded in 1929.
989 Studios, a subsidiary of Sony Interactive Entertainment, is headquartered in Los Angeles and operates in the video game industry, following the legacy of Sony Imagesoft.
The Language Inspectorate, an inspectorate and government agency in Estonia, is headquartered in Tallinn and is a part of the Ministry of Education and Research.
Ballabeg station, an train station in the United Kingdom on the Isle of Man, officially opened on 23 July 1877 and was closed in 1965.
John Tresse is a male handball coach.
Umsaskis Lake is a lake located in Aroostook County, Maine, United States, and its inflows include the Allagash River.
Kandi Technologies, an automotive industry business, was founded on April 19, 2013, and is headquartered in Jinhua, with its stock listed on the Nasdaq.
Margaret Chalmers, a female human, was born in Lerwick and held citizenship in the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Barkmere, a city or town in Canada, was established on March 24, 1926, and is located in the Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality, sharing a border with Montcalm, Quebec.
WKKC is a radio station based in Illinois, United States, which was founded in 1979 and is owned by the City Colleges of Chicago.
Rouen Business School, founded in 1871, is a business school located in Rouen, France, on the terrain feature of Mont-Saint-Aignan.
The Jenolan River is a river in Australia, located in New South Wales, and it flows into the Coxs River. It is a tributary of the Mumbedah River.
The Geometric Centre of Slovenia, located in Slivna within the Municipality of Litija, is a registered immobile cultural heritage site and represents the geographical centre of the country.
Novosti a.d., a business owned by the Government of Serbia, was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Belgrade. It operates in the mass media industry.
Takahiro Tanio is a human who plays as a forward for Fujieda MYFC and was educated at Shizuoka University.
Sahuaro Ranch, a historic ranch located in Glendale, Arizona, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aleksei Khrapov was a member of PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his membership.
The Fairmont Monte Carlo, an hotel operated by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts, was inaugurated in Spain on August 20, 1975.
On November 2, 2010, John Kitzhaber won the gubernatorial election for the position of Governor of Oregon in the United States.
Taste of China is a documentary film from China, originally released in 2015 and filmed in Standard Chinese.
KEGE (FM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Hamilton City, California, United States. It was established on January 1, 2006.
The Fersman Mineralogical Museum, named after Alexander Fersman and located in Moscow, Russia, was established in 1716 and is an instance of a geological museum.
The 1987 Bristol Open is a tennis tournament edition held in the United Kingdom in 1987.
Blanca Soria Morales, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and a human from Mexico City, speaks and writes in Spanish.
Tiger Woods, a book authored by Jeff Benedict and published by Simon & Schuster, was released on January 1, 2018, in the United States.
A Place to Stay is a song by Jenny Silver, released in 2010 in Sweden, and followed by Something in Your Eyes.
The Osaka Maritime Museum, designed by architect Paul Andreu and opened in 2000, is located in Osaka, Japan, and is an instance of a maritime museum.
Chet Brooks is a human who played as a safety for the San Francisco 49ers in gridiron football.
Nai Nabhannu La is a Nepali-language film from Nepal, released in 2014, starring Jiwan Luitel.
Kittanning is a borough in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States, which was established in 1803 and serves as the county seat of Armstrong County.
Mossis Madu is a human who played as a running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, educated at Norman High School, and represents the United States in sports.
Taunton Public Library, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a historic library designed by Albert Randolph Ross and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lonesome Luke's Lively Life is a silent film produced by Hal Roach, starring Bebe Daniels, and originated from the United States. It is now in the public domain.
Fantasy Pieces for Clarinet and Piano, composed by Robert Schumann in 1849, is a suite for piano and clarinet.
Masashi Kita is a male mixed martial artist from Japan.
Alec Guinness received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for his work, which was recognized at a specific point in time.
Woburn Sands railway station, located in Woburn Sands, United Kingdom, is operated by London Midland and named after the town it serves.
The 1978 Yale Bulldogs football team is an American football season based in the United States.
The Captain Moses W. Collyer House, located in New York, United States, is a Victorian-style house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2001 Summer Universiade, a multi-sport event held in Beijing, was part of the sports season for the Universiade.
The 1995 Topper South American Open is a tennis tournament edition held in Argentina as part of the ATP Buenos Aires series in 1995.
André Steensen was a member of the Cult Energy Pro Cycling team, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Parrott Hall, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States, and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Dimitri Tatanashvili was a member of FC Dinamo Tbilisi, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Mitchell Stokes is a human who plays cricket and is a member of both the Wiltshire County Cricket Club and the Hampshire County Cricket Club.
The Atacama Desert, located in Chile, is both a desert and a category within the WWF's list of ecoregions, and it is part of the Pacific desert region.
Iryna Farion held the position of People's Deputy of Ukraine for a parliamentary term in a specific electoral district.
The Little Pudding River is a river located in Marion County, Oregon, United States, and flows into the Pudding River, draining into the Willamette River basin.
Darren Clarke won the 2000 WGC Match Play Championship, which took place in the United States and was part of the World Golf Championships series.
Victor Konwlo was a member of AZ Alkmaar, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The United States Post Office in Hempstead, New York, designed by Tooker & Marsh, is located in the state of New York and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 1990 Norstar Bank Hamlet Challenge Cup is a tennis tournament edition organized by the Women's Tennis Association, held on Long Island in 1990.
UE Sants is an association football club founded in 1922, based in Spain and playing in the Primera Catalana league.
The 1997 Omani general election, which took place on October 16, 1997, was an Omani legislative election for the position of Member of the Consultative Assembly of Oman.
Granville, Vermont, an New England town in the United States, was founded on August 2, 1781, and is located in Addison County, sharing a border with Roxbury, Vermont.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1795, enacted on January 15, 2008, follows Resolution 1794 and precedes Resolution 1796. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Airglades Airport, located in Florida, United States, was established on January 3, 1942, and serves Clewiston, Florida.
Yilan Brick Kiln, a manufacturing factory located in Yilan City, Taiwan, was established on January 1, 1938.
Everything Changes is a rock music album by Julian Lennon, released in 2011 and distributed on compact disc.
Boffo Games, a video game developer based in the United States, was founded in 1994 and dissolved in 1997, operating within the video game industry.
Zhivko Dinev was a member of the sports team OFC Sliven 2000, though the specific start and end times are not provided in the graph.
Tin Maung Win, a male politician born on February 21, 1955, is a member of the National League for Democracy and is considered a human.
Shady Deal at Sunny Acres is a Western episode directed by Leslie H. Martinson, produced by William T. Orr, and originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company.
The Stanislavski Russian Theatre of Yerevan, an institution founded in 1937, officially opened that same year and is located in Yerevan, Armenia.
Centro Sportivo Maruinense is an association football club founded on January 1, 1917, based in Maruim, Brazil.
Bernd Kager, a midfielder, was a member of SK Austria Klagenfurt from 2007 and is a human.
The Isaac T. Hopper House, located in Manhattan, United States, is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
"The Giant Horse of Oz" is written in English and follows "The Gnome King of Oz" in the Oz book series, with "Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz" coming next. It is illustrated by John R. Neill and is part of the list of Oz books.
Polyrock is a rock and pop band formed in New York City in 1978, known for new wave music and hailing from the United States.
The Beaver Creek Bridge in Schleswig, Iowa, is a road bridge designed by H. Gene McKeown & Assoc. and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Pony Up is a Canadian indie pop band formed in Montreal in 2002.
Michael Butler played for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, with his start and end times for the team recorded.
The Northern Peninsula Area Region is a local government area in Queensland, Australia, established in 2008.
Frederik de Wit, who spoke and wrote in Dutch, was a native of the language and worked in Amsterdam, creating notable works such as the Stedenatlas De Wit.
Knowledge Ecology International, a nonprofit organization based in the United States, was founded in 1995 and is managed by James Love, an NGO director, since 2006.
Hal Partenheimer was a member of the Detroit Express from its start time until its end time.
Lucy Temple is a novel named after Lucy, authored by Susanna Rowson and written in the English language.
The Organ Festival of Braga, a recurring music festival in Portugal, began in 2014 and takes place in the city of Braga.
The Créteil International Women's Film Festival, an annual film festival in France, was inception in 1978 and takes place in March in Créteil.
The Men's Pro Challenger at Tunica National is a recurring tennis tournament held in Tunica Resorts, Mississippi, United States.
Forever in My Heart is a Filipino television series originally created and aired on GMA Network, produced in the Tagalog language.
Hull High School, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a high school established in 1964 and part of the Hull Public Schools district.
The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program is an award given in the United States by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, first conferred in 1959.
Osaka Prefectural Kitano High School, located in Osaka, Japan, is a high school established in 1873 and managed by the Osaka Prefectural Education Center.
The Tonga National Rugby League, a sports governing body established in 1949, governs rugby league in Tonga.
WMQT is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Marquette, Michigan, in the United States, and it began operations in 1971.
The Heublein Tower, an historic museum located in Connecticut, United States, was designed by Smith & Bassette and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Wallace Roney's Jazz album, released in 2007 under HighNote Records, is an instance of a jazz album performed by Wallace Roney.
Jasper National Park is designated as a dark-sky preserve and was approved for this designation by the relevant authorities, effective from a specific start time.
David Feffer is a male businessperson who was educated at Mackenzie Presbyterian University and is a human named David.
"The Thaw" is an English-language novel authored by Tanith Lee and published on January 1, 1979.
RapidMind, a business founded by Stefanus Du Toit, was inceptioned in 2004 in Waterloo, Ontario, where its headquarters is also located.
The 1936 Washington Huskies football team is an American football season based in the United States.
SU Agen Football, an association football club based in France, was founded in 1922 and plays in the Championnat National 3.
Lambung Mangkurat University, an Indonesian university founded in 1958, is headquartered in Banjarmasin.
The Portugal Fed Cup team is a national tennis team that participates in women's sports competitions, specifically the Fed Cup.
Plum Brandy, owned by both Charles Deudon and Paul Mellon, is located and part of the National Gallery of Art collection, and depicts coffee.
The 1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Toulouse is a tennis tournament edition held in France in 1995.
Action for Children's Television, an organization founded by Peggy Charren, was established on January 1, 1968, and is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts.
Francis Tomkinson is a human who plays cricket for the England cricket team and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Desk Top Hard Lock is a Japanese-language album by Hikaru Kotobuki, released under DIW Records in 1994.
Persipo Purwakarta is an association football club based in Indonesia, playing in the Liga Indonesia Second Division and competing at home at Purnawarman Stadium.
Tony Casillas, a human from the United States, is a member of the Dallas Cowboys and received the Lombardi Award.
Loudon is a city in Loudon County, Tennessee, United States, established in 1790 and serving as the county seat.
The PooPoo PeePee Tour, a concert tour by Blink-182, took place in the United States from July 27, 1998, to October 25, 1998.
The Weston County Courthouse, designed by Charles A. Randall and located in Wyoming, United States, is a historic courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Gmina Jastków is a rural municipality in Poland, located in Lublin County and bordering Gmina Niemce.
Hwado Station, an instance of a train station in North Korea, was officially opened on July 1, 1938, and is owned by the Korean State Railway.
The 1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team is a season of the baseball team based in the United States, playing in 1950.
The Hanshin 9000 series, manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Rolling Stock Company and operated by Hanshin Electric Railway, is a class of electric multiple unit that entered service in 1996.
Larry Ned is a human who played as a running back for the Minnesota Vikings and was educated at San Diego State University.
"The Last Horse Carriage in Berlin," filmed in Berlin, Germany, features Lupu Pick in the cast and was directed by Tony Frenguelli.
The Aleppo Eyalet, an eyalet of the Ottoman Empire with its capital in Aleppo, was established on January 1, 1534, and was abolished in 1864.
Van Vredenburg Farm, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States, and features Greek Revival architecture.
Doomtree is an alternative hip hop collective from the United States, featuring artist Dessa.
Skynyrd Frynds is a compilation album released on January 1, 1994, under MCA Records. It features the genre of country rock and originates from the United States.
Railroad Tigers, originally in Mandarin Chinese and originating from China, is set in Shandong and features cast members He Yunwei and Hiroyuki Ikeuchi.
Wilton House Museum, located in Virginia, United States, was built in 1750 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
KUDL is a radio station located in California, United States, owned by Entercom, and it was founded on January 1, 1957.
Scarborough Country is an English-language television show presented by Joe Scarborough, originally aired on MSNBC in the United States.
The 2010 Women's World Open Squash Championship, an event in the World Squash Championships series, took place in Sharm El Sheikh in 2010.
Jean Monet, the son of Claude Monet and Camille Doncieux, is a human with siblings including Michel Monet, and his spouse is Blanche Hoschedé Monet.
The Century automobile manufacturer, based in Detroit, United States, was founded in 1912 but dissolved in 1915.
"The Summer Is Magic" is a Eurodance single performed by Playahitty and produced by Emanuele Asti, released on 28 July 1994.
The Charlotte Lady Eagles is an association football club based in the United States, founded in 2003, competing in women's association football.
Don 2: The King is Back is a video game published by Excel Entertainment and developed by Gameshastra for PlayStation 2, released on February 2013.
Unicorn is a Japanese rock and pop band formed in 1986, signed with Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2103, enacted on May 22, 2013, follows Resolution 2102 and precedes Resolution 2104. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Koulpélogo Province, located in the Centre-Est Region of Burkina Faso, has its capital in Ouargaye and is an administrative province of the country.
Tokyo Sogensha, a business founded on February 1948, is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, and is a member of Shuppan Azusakai.
Leningrad is a ska punk band named after Leningrad, formed in Saint Petersburg, with Sergey Shnurov as a part of the group.
Pivit is a punk rock band formed in 1994 in San Diego, United States.
Seacliff railway station, an instance of a train station in Australia, is located in South Australia and connects to the Seaford railway line. It was officially opened in 1915.
Sophie Dodemont is a human who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in archery, specifically in the women's team event.
Gulripshi District, the capital of which is Gulripshi, is a district in the Republic of Abkhazia and shares a border with the Sukhumi District.
Terra di nessuno is an album by Francesco De Gregori, released on Columbia Records in 1987, following the album Scacchi e tarocchi.
The Madison Green Historic District, a historic district in Madison, Connecticut, United States, includes the Deacon John Grave House and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Hongdong West railway station, operated by China Railway Taiyuan Group, is a train station in China that connects to the Datong--Xi'an passenger railway and is adjacent to Huozhou East railway station.
The Oaks Airfield, an airport located in New South Wales, Australia, is named after The Oaks in New South Wales and serves The Oaks as a transport hub.
Ismael Ordaz Jiménez, a human from Mexico City, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and speaks Spanish.
Cherokee High School, located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1975 and is part of the Lenape Regional High School District, classified as a high school in North America.
Chandos Lake is a lake located in Ontario, Canada, and its outflow is the Crowe River.
TeraView is a business founded in 2001 by Michael Pepper, headquartered in Cambridge, United Kingdom.
Great Dunham is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the Breckland District, and it is also a civil parish.
Plaza West Covina is a shopping mall located in California, United States, and it opened in 1975.
Cines del Sur is a film festival in Granada, Spain, which began in June 2001.
Molson Brewery, founded by John Molson, is a joint-stock company in the brewing industry that produces beer. It is a subsidiary of Molson Coors Brewing Company.
KMHD is a radio station founded in 1984, located in Oregon, United States, and owned by Mt. Hood Community College.
Harpenden Common Golf Club is a golf club located in Harpenden, United Kingdom, with its headquarters in Harpenden, dedicated to the sport of golf.
WFCF is a radio station based in Florida, United States, owned by Flagler College and founded in 1993.
Oxford Rugby League, an instance of a sports league based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2012 and competes in rugby league, though it also involves players in rugby union.
Alonsotegi is a municipality in Spain, located in the administrative territorial entity of Greater Bilbao, founded in 1191 and sharing a border with Arrankudiaga.
Betty Degner is a female baseball player born in Amboy, Illinois.
Oculus Sacerdotis, a book written by William of Pagula in Latin, was published in the Kingdom of England in 1320.
The Heavy Pets is a rock and pop band formed in 2005 in Goshen, New York, and hails from the United States.
XEQ-FM is a radio station in Mexico City, Mexico, which was founded on January 1, 1957, and is owned by Radiópolis.
Kinel is a city/town in Russia, founded on January 1, 1837, and serves as the capital of the Kinelsky District, located within the Kinel Urban Area.
Tell City is a city in the United States, located in Perry County, Indiana, and it was established on July 1, 1857.
Gary Spani, a human and linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs, played college football at Kansas State University.
Teach For America, a nonprofit organization founded by Wendy Kopp in 1989, is headquartered in New York City and operates in the United States.
The International Journal of Mass Spectrometry, an English-language scientific journal published by Elsevier since 1968, focuses on mass spectrometry.
Matsumoto City Gymnasium, located in Matsumoto, Nagano, Japan, is an arena operated and owned by Matsumoto, Nagano.
Braveheart won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography and was also a nominee, with both its win and nomination being subjects of statements.
Raymond Stross, a male human, was born in Leeds and educated at Abingdon School.
Kathanayaki is a romantic comedy produced by T.R. Sundaram and directed by K. Ramnoth, originally filmed in Tamil and originating from India.
Petite Mustique is an island located in the Grenadines Parish of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, in the Caribbean.
Bhavna is a Hindi-language drama film from India, written by Mushtaq Jalili and starring Shabana Azmi.
The Tyndale Bulletin, an English-language scientific journal published by Tyndale House in Cambridge, England, was first inception on January 1, 1956.
Mikhail Stasyulevich was the editor of Vestnik Evropy from its start time until its end time.
The 2018 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Linn Run State Park, an Pennsylvania state park located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States, was established in 1909 and is classified as an IUCN category III protected area, a Natural Monument or Feature.
Kingswear railway station, located in the administrative territorial entity of Kingswear, United Kingdom, was officially opened in 1864 and is named after the town it serves.
Will Little, a human, works for Major League Baseball and was educated at Science Hill High School and Milligan College. His given name is William.
Leandro Sapetti, a human defender in association football, plays for Club Atlético Temperley and speaks Spanish.
Skyline Sports Complex, an American sports venue located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, is owned by the city and is occupied by Penn FC.
Brad Schneider educated at Northwestern University, where he earned an academic degree.
Punching Henry is a comedy film originally from the United States, released on March 13, 2016, in English.
The Budapest City Archives, a municipal archive established on January 1, 1873, is located in Budapest, Hungary.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1361, enacted on July 5, 2001, follows Resolution 1360 and is followed by Resolution 1362; it is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Chuncheon Civic Stadium, located in Chuncheon, South Korea, opened officially in 1980 and is occupied by Ulsan Hyundai FC.
Club Rachad Bernoussi is an association football club based in Morocco, founded in 1961, and plays in the Botola 2 league.
The Stehekin River, located in Washington state within the United States and North Cascades National Park, flows into Lake Chelan.
The Bulgarian Development Bank, an national development bank headquartered in Sofia, Bulgaria, was established in 1999 and operates in the financial services industry.
Tres Chicas is a country music band formed in 1999, originating from the United States and signed to Yep Roc Records.
Adina World Beat Beverages, a business founded in 2004, is headquartered and formed in San Francisco, operating in the drink industry.
Street Hall, an architectural structure designed by Peter Bonnett Wight, was inceptioned in 1864 and is located in New Haven, Connecticut, United States.
Eastar Jet, an airline based in South Korea, was founded in 2007 and has its headquarters in Gangseo District, Seoul. Its airline hub is located at Gimpo International Airport.
The 1880 season of the Buffalo Bisons was a baseball season in the United States.
Irvine Bank Street railway station is a train station located in Irvine, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom, operated by Caledonian Railway.
Tianjin Dongli F.C. is an association football club founded on January 1, 2006, based in China and currently playing in the China League Two.
Alfie is a band formed in 1999 in Manchester, specializing in indie rock and signed with Twisted Nerve Records.
FC Lashyn is an association football club based in Kazakhstan, founded in 2009 and currently playing in the Kazakhstan First Division.
The Mississauga Power is a basketball team based in Canada, founded in 2011, and plays its home games at the Paramount Fine Foods Centre.
Harriet Pollatsek was educated at the University of Michigan, where she earned her academic degree and majored in mathematics under the guidance of a doctoral advisor.
Martha Logan is a fictional television character performed by Jean Smart and featured in the TV series 24, with her partner being Aaron Pierce.
Belén F.C. is an association football club based in Costa Rica, founded on June 13, 1979, and plays in the Liga FPD.
Berlin Westkreuz station is adjacent to Berlin-Charlottenburg station, which serves as a connecting point along the same line.
Moorestown High School, an institution in the United States located in New Jersey, was founded on January 1, 1904, and is part of the Moorestown Township Public Schools system.
The 1928 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Chaker Alhadhur was a member of Stade Malherbe Caen, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
Manazuru is a town in Japan, located in the Ashigarashimo District of Kanagawa, and it is part of the Municipalities of Japan.
The 1912 Oklahoma Sooners football team is an American football season based in the United States.
The Homi Bhabha National Institute, a deemed university founded by the Department of Atomic Energy, was established in 2005 and is located in Mumbai, India.
The Bedford Road Historic District, a Greek Revival architecture historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States.
Kerala Panineeyam, authored by A.R. Raja Raja Varma and published in 1896, is a book from India written in Malayalam.
Field Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, part of the Arctic Archipelago, and situated next to Frobisher Bay.
Redeemer's University Nigeria, a university founded in 2005, is located in Lagos, Nigeria, and falls under the category of Redeemer's University.
Alsunga Municipality, a municipality in Latvia, was established in 2009 with its capital in Alsunga.
"That is NOT a Good Idea!" is a children's literature book authored by Mo Willems, published in the United States on January 1, 2013.
Sirens is a British band formed in 2003 in Newcastle upon Tyne, and they are an instance of a rock and pop band that performs contemporary R&B music, signed to Kitchenware Records.
The Coupe Dodge is a women's ice hockey tournament in Canada that began in 2003.
Manuel Burgos is a human who is a member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party and holds the position of Vice President of Paraguay.
David Lovell is a human who plays cricket for Wales and is a member of the Wales Minor Counties Cricket Club.
The 2001 Wisconsin Badgers football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Goytre United F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, playing in the Welsh Football League Division One and headquartered at Glenhafod Park Stadium.
IHH Healthcare, a business based in Malaysia with its headquarters in Kuala Lumpur, was founded on January 1, 1974, and falls under the category of IHH Healthcare.
Huju Chongnyon Station, an instance of a train station in North Korea and owned by the Korean State Railway, opened officially on November 27, 1987, and connects to the Pukpu Line.
Barkchi is an association football club founded in 2006, based in Dushanbe and playing in the Tajikistan Higher League.
The Pine Leaf Boys, a Cajun music ensemble from the United States, is signed with Arhoolie Records and features Wilson Savoy as part of their lineup.
Lache Seastrunk is a human who plays as a running back for the Calgary Stampeders in American football and attended Temple High School in Texas.
The West Coast Pirates, an Australian rugby league team, was founded in 2012 and competes in both rugby league and rugby union.
Argentino de Mendoza is an association football club based in Argentina, founded on January 10, 1925, and plays in the Torneo Argentino C league.
Wembley Central station is adjacent to Stonebridge Park station, with a connecting line that runs towards Stonebridge Park.
Chacaltaya is a mountain located in the Cordillera Real range in Bolivia's La Paz Department, situated in South America.
Moscow State Forest University, an institution founded in 1919, is located in Moscow, Russia, and focuses on forestry and related fields.
Nightwing is a British band formed in the United Kingdom in 1978, known for progressive rock music.
The Kaidatsky Bridge, an official road bridge in Ukraine, spans the Dnieper and was opened on November 10, 1982.
Vladimir Sournin, an American human, competes in chess for the United States.
Billy Brawn is a human who plays sports for England and is a member of both Chelsea F.C. and Aston Villa F.C.
The Far East Organization, founded by Ng Teng Fong in 1962, is a retail business headquartered in Singapore.
Rice & Hutchins, a business founded by William B. Rice in 1866, is headquartered in Boston, United States.
The Mitsubishi Galant is a car model manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors in Japan, part of their family car series.
Vernon Township High School, located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1975 and is part of the Vernon Township School District, serving as a high school in North America.
Shiozawa is a town in Japan located in the Minami-Uonuma District of Niigata Prefecture.
Pedro Cateriano held the position of Prime Minister of Peru, with a start and end time, and he was replaced by another individual.
ESM Koléa is an association football club based in Algeria, founded in 1946, and plays in the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur.
José Yudica was a member of the sports team Talleres de Remedios de Escalada, though the specific start and end times for his membership are not provided.
HNZ Group is a Canadian airline founded in 1987, headquartered in Les Cèdres, Quebec, and listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Gilles Fortin, a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and a human, speaks and writes in English.
Storm in a Cocoon is a Cantonese television drama produced by TVB in Hong Kong, which aired until March 28, 2014.
Baldwin Street is a street in New Zealand, named after William Baldwin, a New Zealand politician, and it is located in the Otago region, Dunedin.
Manuel Schwenk is a human who plays for Holstein Kiel in the 2. Bundesliga and is also a member of the German national under-18 football team. He represents Germany in football.
The 1973 Boise State Broncos football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Jimm is an instant messaging client that was launched in 2004, running on the Java virtual machine and written in Java. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Birmingham Athletics is a basketball team founded on January 1, 2004, based in the United Kingdom and competing in the English Basketball League.
Davide Facchin was a member of F.C. Pavia, with details including start and end times and an acquisition transaction.
The 1957 Louisville Cardinals football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Gagan Dosanjh is a Human who plays as a midfielder for both the Fraser Valley Mariners and FC Edmonton.
M Financial Group, a privately held company founded by Peter W. Mullin in 1978, is headquartered in Portland, Oregon.
McMullin Island is an island located in the Southern Ocean, part of the Windmill Islands, within the Antarctic Treaty area and on the continent of Antarctica.
Katsuo Okazaki held the position of Chief Cabinet Secretary with a start and end time, replacing one person and being replaced by another.
BM Ciudad Real is a handball team based in Spain, founded in 1981, and plays its home games at the Quijote Arena.
The Center Street Bridge, an official road bridge located in Oregon, United States, was opened on July 30, 1918, and spans the Willamette River.
Bo Harris is a linebacker who plays for the Cincinnati Bengals and is a human with the given name Bo and the family name Harris.
The Cessna 162 Skycatcher is an aircraft model manufactured by Cessna, with its service entry on December 2009, and it made its first flight on October 13, 2006.
Mount Stevenson, an instance of a mountain located in the Absaroka Range, is situated in Yellowstone National Park and is part of Wyoming, United States.
The Beallsville Historic District, located in Beallsville, Pennsylvania, United States, is an historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
The 1994 Oklahoma Sooners football team is an American football season based in the United States.
Gene Corum is a male human who played American football for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
The 1936 Wimbledon Championships Mixed Doubles event, a tennis competition held in 1936, was part of the larger 1936 Wimbledon Championships.
Jiangpu Park station, an instance of a train station in China, was inaugurated on December 29, 2013, and is located in Shanghai, serving Line 12 of the Shanghai Metro.
Ronald James is a fullback who plays for Maesteg RFC and is a human named Ronald James.
Michael Gibson was a member of Penrith City SC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure on the team.
St Neots Town F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1879 and plays in the Southern Football League.
Nicholas Ashton is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket and was educated at Oriel College, Oxford.
The Festival of Flanders is a music festival held in Mechelen, Belgium, focusing on performing arts.
The Fincastle Historic District, located in Virginia, United States, is an historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
Josh Willie is a Human who is a member of the Australian Labor Party and holds the position of Member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. His given name is Josh and his family name is Willie.
Trust Me is a comic novel authored by Rajashree and published in 2006, originating from India.
The Lamar Community Center, located in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin, United States, is an American Craftsman-style community center listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Institute of Higher National Diploma in Engineering, a university established in 1978, is located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, and is affiliated with the University Grants Commission of Sri Lanka.
Sevenoaks District, a non-metropolitan district in the United Kingdom, was established on April 1, 1974, and is located in Kent with its capital in Sevenoaks.
Jorge Alberto Lara Rivera, a human from Mexico City, is a member of the National Action Party in Mexico and speaks Spanish.
Warren is a city in Pennsylvania, United States, founded in 1795 and the capital of Warren County, Pennsylvania.
Serge Savard, a defenceman for the Winnipeg Jets from 1972 to 1996 in the National Hockey League, received both the Panthéon des sports du Québec and the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy.
Walter Hussey, a human from the United Kingdom, held the position of Dean of Chichester and was educated at Keble College, Oxford. His given name is Walter.
Mind Odyssey is a German progressive metal band formed in 1993, and they are signed to Napalm Records.
The Peugeot 304, a car model manufactured by Peugeot, follows the Peugeot 204 and is succeeded by the Peugeot 305.
Freemacs is a text editor developed by Russ Nelson, running on FreeDOS and licensed under the GNU General Public License. It is written in Emacs Lisp.
Miss Namibia is a female beauty pageant based in Windhoek, Namibia, which was inception in 1980 and falls under the category of Miss Namibia.
Silver Lady is a pop music single by David Soul, released on Private Stock Records on August 1, 1977.
Fortino Carrillo Sandoval, a human who works in Mexico City and speaks Spanish, is a member of the National Action Party in Mexico.
The City of Cessnock, a local government area in New South Wales, Australia, was established on January 1, 1906, with its capital in Cessnock, New South Wales.
The Oxo Tower, located in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, is an Art Deco tower and mixed-use building.
Granly Hockey Arena, an arena located in Esbjerg Municipality, Denmark, was inaugurated on January 1, 1976, and is occupied by Esbjerg Energy.
Joe Ayrault, a human who played catcher for the Atlanta Braves, attended Sarasota High School.
Bubal station, an instance of a train station in South Korea, is operated by Korail and connects to the Gyeonggang Line. It was officially opened on September 24, 2016.
Danilo Clementino was a member of the sports team Serra Talhada Futebol Clube, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Khun Chai Ronapee is a Thai soap opera directed by Chatchai Plengpanich, originally aired on Channel 3 in Thailand.
Kamut Lake is a lake located in the Kitikmeot Region of Canada, and it flows into the Coppermine River.
The 2015 North Texas Mean Green football team is an American football team season that took place in the United States during 2015.
The Michael Vick Project is a reality television show that originated in the United States and aired on BET, starting on January 26, 2010.
The Atlantic Sun Conference, which was founded in 1978, is an athletic conference that primarily focuses on association football and is part of the broader sports league category.
"One Giant Leap" is an episode of a television series, directed by Greg Beeman and written by Jeph Loeb, with an original language of English. It was published on October 9, 2006.
Hot Ice is a Russian television series that aired from January 3, 2009, to June 30, 2009, on Channel One Russia.
South Lakes High School, located in Virginia within the Fairfax County Public Schools district, was established in 1979 and is an American high school.
ZMDI, a German business incorporated as an Aktiengesellschaft, was founded in 1961 and has its headquarters in Dresden.
Sant Pau is a restaurant in Spain, founded by Carme Ruscalleda in 1988, which operated until October 27, 2018.
The 1999 Boise State Broncos football team is an American football team season based in the United States.
Edward Grenfell, 1st Baron St Just, was a Member of both the 34th and 36th Parliaments of the United Kingdom and was educated at Harrow School. He spoke and wrote English. His father was Henry Grenfell.
Li Qishi is a Chinese human who competes in speed skating.
"The Towers of Silence," published by Heinemann, is written in English and is set in India, following "The Day of the Scorpion" and followed by "A Division of the Spoils."
Smederevo Hall is a sports venue located in Smederevo, Serbia, owned by Smederevo and occupied by KK Smederevo 1953.
James Roby, a human, plays rugby league and is a member of both the England and Great Britain national rugby league teams. His given name is James.
The Tokyo Ginko Kyokai Building, a skyscraper located in Japan and owned by Mitsubishi Estate, was inaugurated on September 1, 1993.
Brian Boyle, a center in ice hockey educated at Boston College, was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings and plays for the New York Rangers.
Hatalov is a municipality in Slovakia, located in the Michalovce District of the Eastern Slovak Lowland, and was established in 1278.
Sichuan Normal University, an institution located in Chengdu, China, was founded on January 1, 1938, and primarily focuses on the category of Sichuan Normal University.
Bizhbulyaksky District, a municipal district established on January 15, 1965, is bordered by Belebeyevsky and Miyakinsky Districts and has its capital in Bizhbulyak.
Diyan Petkov is a human who plays as a midfielder for PFC Naftex Burgas in association football.
Interchange21, a shopping mall located in Khlong Toei Nuea, Thailand, was both conceived and officially opened in 2008.
Falls Bridge is a truss bridge located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it officially opened on June 1, 1895, crossing the Schuylkill River.
Solanin, a romance anime and manga by Inio Asano, is from Japan and focuses on music, originally presented in the Japanese language.
Diana Ossana was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for her work, which is the subject of a related statement.
Rajapaksha Central College, founded by C.W.W. Kannangara in 1940, is a school located in Weeraketiya, Sri Lanka.
Hideko Goto, a female athlete born on March 30, 1949, is an instance of the human species and competes in table tennis.
Zonda Telecom, a business founded in 1968, is headquartered in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw, an English-language film from the United States, was distributed by American International Pictures and filmed in New Mexico. Gerrit Graham is one of its cast members.
Ialoveni District, established in 2002, is a district of Moldova with its capital in Ialoveni.
Charles Chun is a male actor who was educated at Connecticut College and is a human.
Boryslav, a city of regional significance in Ukraine, was founded in 1387 and is located in Lviv Oblast.
Eagle Lake in Ontario, Canada, is a lake that flows into the Eagle River.
José Quirante was a member of FC Barcelona, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Globe Wernicke, an American manufacturing business, was founded in 1899 and later became Sheller-Globe Corporation.
The Legislative Assembly of Madeira, which serves as the legislature for the jurisdiction of Madeira and is part of Portugal, has its headquarters at Casa da Alfândega do Funchal and includes Members of the Legislative Assembly of Madeira.
Kenneth Kronholm was a member of the sports team VfL Wolfsburg, with a start and end time for his tenure.
Peterborough & Fletton United F.C. played association football in the Southern Football League from 1923 to 1932, with their home venue at London Road Stadium.
KSLU is a radio station owned by Southeastern Louisiana University, licensed to broadcast to Hammond, Louisiana, in the United States.
KXEW is a radio station licensed to broadcast to South Tucson, Arizona, and it was inception on January 1, 1963, in the United States.
Culture Convenience Club, a business based in Japan, was formed in 1982 in Hirakata and has its headquarters in Tokyo.
The Holden Commodore (VZ) is a car model manufactured by General Motors, following the Holden Commodore (VY) and preceding the Holden Commodore (VE).
Hattie McDaniel was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work, a nomination that has been the subject of various statements.
Cactus Flower received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress and won the award, making the winner statement a subject of further discussion.
Panormos is a village located on Tinos, within the Tinos Municipality and Tinos Regional Unit, Greece.
Ashford Town (Middlesex) F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, founded in 1958 and currently playing in the Southern Football League.
Al Mahwit is a city and the capital of Al Mahwit Governorate in Yemen, listed as part of the districts of Yemen.
The Boeing C-137 Stratoliner, manufactured by Boeing, is a subclass of the Boeing 707 and part of the aircraft family, with its first flight on December 31, 1958, and primarily used for airlift operations.
Teno Airport, located in the Colchagua Province of Chile and named after Teno, is an airport serving the area.
Jackie Stewart, who attended Dumbarton Academy and spoke English, was a member of Equipe Matra Sports and had siblings Jimmy and Paul, both racing drivers, and a child named Paul Stewart, also a racing driver.
Beijing Design Week is a recurring event held in Beijing, China, starting in 2009 and focused on design.
Virginia Damerini is an Italian-born female opera singer whose instrument is the voice. She is a human.
Ketnetpop is a Belgian television show directed by Frank Van Laecke, which originated in 2008 and was originally produced in Dutch.
Marucci Sports, a business founded in 2002, is headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and produces sports equipment, including baseball bats.
Buchanan Street is a road located in Glasgow, United Kingdom, and is used for shopping.
The Charterhouse of the Transfiguration, an instance of a Carthusian monastery, was established in 1950 in Arlington, Vermont, United States.
James Margolis, a human and fencer, participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics and was educated at Columbia University.
Francisco Jiménez Merino, a human who speaks Spanish, is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and works in Mexico City.
Buena Regional High School, located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1971 and is part of the Buena Regional School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Guayaquil City F.C., an association football club based in Ecuador, was founded on September 7, 2007, and plays in the Ecuadorian Serie B.
Gayle Hopkins is a human who competed in the long jump as part of the sport of athletics. Her given name is Gayle and her family name is Hopkins.
Fernando Solana, a human member of the Senate of Mexico, resides in Mexico City and speaks the Spanish language.
WPEP is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Taunton, Massachusetts, and it was founded on January 1, 1949, in the United States.
On October 31, 2015, American Pharoah won the Breeders' Cup Classic, a prestigious horse racing event as part of the 2015 Breeders' Cup series.
The Panhard VCR, manufactured by Panhard in France, is an armored personnel carrier that entered service on January 1, 1979, and was used during the Iran-Iraq War.
Lee Plaza in Detroit is an Art Deco revenue house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States. It is located in Detroit.
Andy Sutton is a human who plays cricket and is a member of both the Wiltshire County Cricket Club and the Herefordshire County Cricket Club. His given name is Andy.
WADS is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Ansonia, Connecticut, and it was established in 1986 in the United States.
Philippe Myers is a human who plays for the Philadelphia Flyers in the National Hockey League.
BluePhoenix Solutions, a business founded in 1987, is headquartered in Herzliya, Israel, and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
MV Ancona, a ship owned by Minoan Lines and manufactured by Lindholmen Shipyard, is based in Panama City and registered in Panama.
The 1973 Alabama Crimson Tide football team is an American football team season from the United States, playing in the American football sport during the 1973 season.
Paul Moreno, a Mexican footballer, played for the Mexico national football team from a certain start time until an end time.
The Grand Trunk Bridge, located in Saskatchewan, Canada, is a bridge that officially opened on March 1, 1908, and spans the South Saskatchewan River.
Slirp is a software that was first published on March 30, 1995, for Unix-like operating systems, and it is distributed under a permissive software license.
Acapetahua is the capital and a municipality located in Chiapas, Mexico.
Crewe & Nantwich Steamers is a rugby union sports team based in the United Kingdom, founded in 2003.
Argyle Park is a rock and pop band formed in 1994, originating from the United States and signed with R.E.X. Records.
Citizen Joe is an episode of a television series that aired on January 8, 2005, directed by Andy Mikita and written by Robert C. Cooper, originally in the English language.
Ed Puskarich was a member of the DFW Tornados, though specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided in the graph.
South Forsyth High School, located in Georgia, United States, was founded in 1989 and is part of the Forsyth County Schools district.
John Hurt was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for his work, though the specific point in time is not mentioned.
Dave Kraayeveld, a human defensive end, played for the Seattle Seahawks and was educated at Milton College.
Dawn of the Replicants is an indie rock musical ensemble formed in Galashiels, which was established in 1996 and is signed to East West Records.
Kinetic Engineering Limited, a business founded by H.K. Firodia in 1972, is headquartered in Pune, India.
The Catalan Nationalist Party, a political party advocating for Catalan independence, was founded on January 1, 1932, and dissolved on January 1, 1936, in Spain.
The Catcher, an American film shot in Arizona and originally filmed in English, is set in California and features David Heavener in the cast.
Bastian Schweinsteiger, a German citizen, played for both the Germany national football team and the Germany national under-21 football team, though specific start and end times for these teams are not provided.
Longridge is a town in the United Kingdom, located in the Ribble Valley, and it is also a civil parish.
Binta International School, founded by Wale Adenuga in 1994, is a school located in Ejigbo, Nigeria.
Streatfeild Lake is a lake located in Ontario, Canada, with its outflow being the Streatfeild River.
Voodoo, an opera composed and libretted by Harry Lawrence Freeman, was performed in English for the first time on September 10, 1928.
The splendid fairywren is a species within the genus Malurus and is endemic to Australia, classified as a least-concern species by the IUCN.
Bruno Marioni is a member of Sporting CP, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
28 State Street is a high-rise building located in Massachusetts, United States, designed by architect Emery Roth and completed in 1970.
Francesca Pomeri is a human who resides in Filottrano and plays water polo for the Italy women's national water polo team.
Pleiades ' Dust is an album by Gorguts, produced by Colin Marston, released on May 13, 2016, and followed by the album Colored Sands.
Biseni is an indigenous Modern language of Nigeria, specifically spoken in Bayelsa State and belonging to the Ijaw languages.
The Florida International University Alumni Association is an alumni association based in Miami, United States, and is part of Florida International University, focusing on its alumni.
SkyMall, founded by Bob Worsley in 1990, is an e-commerce business headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey.
The Otowi Historic District, a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New Mexico, United States, and features Pueblo Revival architecture.
Puslinch is a human settlement and lower-tier municipality located in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada, and it shares a border with Milton, Ontario.
Underwood Park in Rochedale, Queensland, Australia, is a sports venue owned by the Government of Queensland and occupied by Rochedale Rovers FC.
Khors Air, an airline based in Ukraine with its headquarters in Kiev, operates out of Boryspil International Airport and was founded in 1990.
Doraville is a city in the United States, located in DeKalb County, Georgia, and it was founded on January 1, 1871.
Caroline Sturdy Colls, a forensic archaeologist who works at Staffordshire University and was educated at the University of Birmingham, has received the European Archaeological Heritage Prize.
Brooklyn Park is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States, established in 1850 and bordering New Hope, Minnesota.
The Russian National Orchestra, an orchestra based in Russia, was founded in 1990 and specializes in classical music.
The Singing Bridge, located in Kentucky, United States, is a bridge that officially opened in 1893 and spans the Kentucky River.
Sergio Troncoso, a human, received an award from the Fulbright Program, was educated at Harvard University, and is noted for his work "The Nature of Truth."
Nathalie Krebs, a Danish female, received the Prince Eugen Medal.
The League of Militant Atheists, founded in 1929 by Yemelyan Yaroslavsky and headquartered in Moscow, was an organization located in the Soviet Union.
Petrocaribe, an alliance headquartered in Venezuela and a public company under PDVSA, was inception in 2005.
The IEEE Undergraduate Teaching Award is a technical field award and an award conferred by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, inception in 1990, which falls under the broader category of IEEE Medals, Technical Field Awards, and Recognitions.
KBBI is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Homer, Alaska, and was established on January 1, 1970, in the United States.
KQSF is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Dell Rapids, South Dakota, United States, and it was inception in 1998.
Svetlogorsky District, a municipal district in Russia, was established on November 2, 2007, and is located within Kaliningrad Oblast, with its capital in Svetlogorsk, Kaliningrad Oblast.
Wheatland County, Alberta, a municipal district in Canada, is located in the administrative territory of Alberta with its capital in Strathmore, Alberta, and shares a border with Starland County.
Kragsyde, an architectural building designed by Peabody and Stearns, was inceptioned in 1885 and is located in Maine, United States.
Ameland Airport, located in Ballum, Netherlands, serves the island of Ameland and is named after the town.
Sergey Burdin is a member of the sports team PFC CSKA Moscow, with a start and end time for his membership.
Warkauden Jalkapalloklubi is an association football club based in Finland, founded in 2000, and plays in the Kakkonen league.
Ronald Chitiyo is a midfielder who plays association football for CS Sfaxien and is a human.
Parkbeg is a human settlement that inceptioned in 1911, located in Saskatchewan, Canada, and shares a border with Tugaske, Saskatchewan.
KGEO is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Bakersfield, California, in the United States. It was established on January 1, 1945, and is located in the administrative territorial entity of California.
1998 KY26, discovered by Spacewatch on May 28, 1998, in Arizona, is an Apollo asteroid.
Transcosmos Stadium Nagasaki is a stadium located in Isahaya, Nagasaki, Japan, owned by Nagasaki Prefecture and occupied by V-Varen Nagasaki.
2 Columbus Circle, located in Manhattan, United States, is a museum designed by Edward Durell Stone and opened in 1964.
Swift Run Gap is a mountain pass located in Shenandoah National Park, within the Blue Ridge Mountains, in Virginia, United States.
Songs of Travel and Other Verses is a poetic literary work published in 1896, authored by Robert Louis Stevenson, and now in the public domain.
In 1978, Allan Blakeney was the successful candidate in the Saskatchewan general election, which took place in Canada and is listed among the general elections of Saskatchewan.
"The Streets of San Francisco," created by Quinn Martin, is a three-season TV show in the English language.
Trond Fredriksen is a midfielder who plays for Aalesunds FK and is a human named Trond Fredriksen.
Empire District Electric Company, a business headquartered in Joplin, Missouri, was incorporated in 1909 and trades on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.
Michael Henig is a quarterback who plays for the Mississippi State Bulldogs football team and is a human.
KNOM is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Nome, Alaska, and it was established in 1971. Located in Nome, Alaska, it operates within the United States.
Dragon Tales, created by Ron Rodecker and distributed by Sony Pictures Television, features music composed by Jesse Harris and Joey Levine, and is produced in the English language.
Codecademy, an online business headquartered in New York City, was launched in 2011 and offers courses in English through its website.
Knuckledust is a punk rock band formed in London in 1996, originating from the United Kingdom.
The Balkan Region, an area in Turkmenistan that includes the city of Balkanabat, shares a border with the Mangystau Region and was established on May 18, 1992.
Coffee Meets Bagel, a social networking service founded by Dawoon Kang, was launched on April 17, 2012, and is headquartered in San Francisco.
Baltika Group, a public limited company in the clothing industry, was founded in 1928 and has its headquarters in Tallinn.
Xander Parish, a male ballet dancer born in 1986, was educated at the Royal Ballet School and is a human.
Bunratty Castle, an instance of a castle with Norman architectural style, was inceptioned in 1425 and is located in County Clare, Republic of Ireland.
The Big Muddy River, located in Illinois, United States, is a river that flows into the Mississippi River and has Beaucoup Creek as one of its tributaries.
Shibe Park, a baseball park located in Philadelphia, United States, was occupied by the Philadelphia Phillies and the History of the Philadelphia Athletics.
Armenoi is a municipal unit in Greece located in the administrative territorial entity of Apokoronas and shares a border with Souda.
"Eleanor Marx: A Life" is a book published in 2014 by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom, focusing on the life of Eleanor Marx.
Shariff Abdul Samat was a member of Home United FC, with a start time and an end time for his tenure on the team.
The Central Anticorruption Bureau, established in 2006 and headquartered in Warsaw, Poland, is part of the list of anti-corruption agencies and is chaired by Ernest Bejda.
Mamaroneck High School, an institution in the United States, was founded in 1928 and is part of the Mamaroneck Union Free School District in New York state.
Mohamed Emara was a member of Al Ahly SC, with a start time and an end time for his tenure with the team.
Beech Factory Airport, located in Kansas, United States, was established on January 4, 1940, and serves the transportation needs of Wichita, Kansas.
Green Island is an island located in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, within the United States. It is part of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area and situated in Boston Harbor.
Matt Skole, an infielder, is a member of the Washington Nationals and is a human.
The Rome Braves are a baseball team based in the United States, founded in 2003 and affiliated with the Atlanta Braves.
The RMS Etruria, a ship owned by the Cunard Line and manufactured by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, was based in Liverpool, United Kingdom.
The Priscillas are a power pop band from London, United Kingdom, signed to the Damaged Goods record label.
South Luangwa National Park, established in 1938 and located in Zambia's Eastern Province, is a national park categorized as IUCN category II and part of the list of national parks in Zambia.
Sähkö Recordings, a Finnish record label founded by Tommi Grönlund in 1993, is a subsidiary of Puu.
Indian School is a documentary television series created by the BBC, originating from the United Kingdom and produced in the English language.
Fastlane is a punk rock band formed in 1997 in Guildford, United Kingdom, and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
The McLaren Report, published on July 18, 2016, by Richard McLaren, focuses on doping in Russian athletics and is written in English.
Great Gaddesden is a village and civil parish located in the administrative territorial entity of Dacorum, United Kingdom.
Schoolwork, an iOS application developed by Apple Inc., was published on June 26, 2018. It is a learning management system.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820, enacted on June 19, 2008, follows Resolution 1819 and precedes Resolution 1821. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The Blue Ridge League, a baseball sports league in the United States, was founded in 1915 and dissolved on February 9, 1931.
Linares Airport, located in the Linares Province of Chile, serves the city of Linares and is named after the province. It is an airport serving transport needs in the region.
Kangnam University, founded in 1946, is a university located in Yongin, South Korea, under the category of Kangnam University.
Beltline is a neighbourhood in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, that was established in 1905 and borders Sunalta.
The Springfield Celts Rugby Club, an American sports team founded in 1975, competes in rugby union.
The Briarcliff Hotel, designed by G. Lloyd Preacher and located in Atlanta, United States, is a hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blacksburg High School, located in Virginia within the Montgomery County Public Schools district, was founded in 1952 and is an instance of a high school in North America, situated in the United States.
Pravotice is a municipality in Slovakia, located in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District, with its earliest written record dating back to 1232.
Robin Stenuit was a member of the sports team Wallonie Bruxelles, with a start and end time for his membership.
Andrey Pyshnik is a member of the sports team FC Vitebsk, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Daria Bijak, a human participant in artistic gymnastics, competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and speaks German.
Howard Hanson, a Swedish American, spoke and wrote both English and Swedish. He was a student of Ulysses Kay.
The Dirgantara Monument, created by Edhi Sunarso in 1966, is located in Pancoran, South Jakarta, Indonesia, and serves as a monument.
The University of Glasgow School of Law is a law school located in Glasgow, United Kingdom, and is affiliated with the University of Glasgow.
Rony Talukdar is a human who plays cricket and is a member of both the Barisal Division and Dhaka Division cricket teams.
The Falls of St. Anthony, depicted as a waterfall on canvas using oil paint, is part of the collection and located at the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum.
Belgrave Hall, an instance of a historic house museum with Queen Anne style architecture, was inceptioned in 1713 and is located in Leicester, United Kingdom.
The International Seabed Authority, an international organization headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica, was established in 1994 and is interested in mineral exploration.
Grand Island is a Norwegian rock and pop band formed in Oslo in 2006.
WKFV is a radio station located in North Carolina, USA, owned by Educational Media Foundation and licensed to broadcast to Clinton, North Carolina.
The Montgomery County Courthouse in Iowa is a Romanesque Revival architecture building listed on the National Register of Historic Places, located in the United States within the administrative territorial entity of Iowa.
Lend Me a Tenor is an English-language comedy play by Ken Ludwig, first performed on March 6, 1986.
The Cumberland Valley Rail Trail is a rail trail located in Pennsylvania, United States, with termini in Newville, Pennsylvania, and it is designated as a National Recreation Trail.
Hopewell High School, located in North Carolina, United States, was established in 2001 and is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Tread Lightly!, a nonprofit organization founded by the United States Forest Service in 1985, has its headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Bobby Knoop, a human and second baseman for the Chicago White Sox, received the Rawlings Gold Glove Award.
Ganado Airport, located in Arizona, United States, is named after Ganado, Arizona and serves as a transport hub for the area.
Ming Cho Lee attended Occidental College, where he studied and earned his degree.
WVPW is a radio station located in West Virginia, United States, owned by West Virginia Public Broadcasting and licensed to broadcast to Buckhannon, West Virginia.
Rideau Falls is a waterfall located on the Rideau River in Ottawa, Canada.
Middleton High School, located in Middleton, Wisconsin, United States, was founded in 1879 and is part of the Middleton-Cross Plains School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Cockroach Labs, a business founded by Spencer Kimball in 2014 and based in the United States, is a member of the Linux Foundation.
Leandro Augusto was a member of the sports team Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas, with a specific start and end time for his membership.
The 2012 National Invitation Tournament, organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, is a basketball season.
The Arizona Department of Education, an instance of a state education agency, was established in 1970 and is headquartered in Phoenix, applying its jurisdiction to the state of Arizona.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1906, enacted on December 23, 2009, follows Resolution 1905 and precedes Resolution 1907. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The MS Mega Andrea, an Italian ship manufactured by Wärtsilä, is owned by the Finland Steamship Company and is based in Helsinki.
The Volkswagen Passat (B4) is a car model manufactured by the Volkswagen Group under the Volkswagen brand, succeeding the Passat B3 and preceding the Passat (B5).
Canajoharie Creek is a river located in New York, United States, and it flows into the Mohawk River.
Notgrove is a village and civil parish located in the Cotswold District of the United Kingdom.
Makada is an island located in the Duke of York Islands, part of East New Britain Province in Papua New Guinea.
Banque Nationale Agricole, a bank headquartered in Tunis, Tunisia, was established on January 1, 1959, and operates in the financial services industry.
The Northrop X-4 Bantam, manufactured by Northrop Corporation, is an aircraft model operated by NASA and made its first flight on December 15, 1948.
Gary Fellows is a human who plays cricket and has been a member of both the Shropshire County Cricket Club and the Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
Brown Eyed Soul is a K-pop boy band formed in 2003 in South Korea.
Manzano High School, located in New Mexico within the Albuquerque Public Schools district, was established in 1961 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
Greg Sandow, a human composer, works at the Eastman School of Music and was educated at Yale University.
Catherine Capdevielle is a human who participated in the sport of athletics and competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 264, enacted on March 20, 1969, is a resolution that follows Resolution 263 and is followed by Resolution 265. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Aaron Ogden held the position of Governor of New Jersey with a start and end time, replacing and being replaced by other governors.
Llandudno Junction F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1975 and plays in the Welsh Alliance League.
Emu Bay Railway was a business operational in Australia from 1897 to 1998, with its headquarters in Melbourne.
MapleStory is a multiplayer video game published by both Shanda and Level Up! Games, distributed through Steam, and played using a computer keyboard.
Little Chief Service Station, commissioned by Texaco in 1929, is a construction located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Beaverton High School, an institution in the United States located in Oregon, was founded on January 1, 1902, and is part of the Beaverton School District.
Josh Unice is a goaltender who plays for the CBR Brave and was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks. He is a human named Josh.
Chad Voytik, a human and former quarterback, played for the Pittsburgh Panthers football team and was educated at Cleveland High School in Tennessee.
The Lyttelton Road Tunnel Administration Building, an architectural structure designed by Peter Beaven, was inceptioned in 1963 and is located in Heathcote Valley, New Zealand.
The Jerusalem Foundation, a nonprofit organization founded by Teddy Kollek in 1966, operates in the United States.
The John W. Weeks Bridge, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a bridge that officially opened in 1927 and spans the Charles River.
Ron Lunn is a human who plays for the Essendon Football Club and speaks English. His family name is Lunn.
"Having You" is a UK production written by Sam Hoare and starring Anna Friel and Romola Garai, with the original language being English.
The Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building, located in Maryland, United States, is a historic building designed by Wyatt & Nolting and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Collingwood railway station is adjacent to North Richmond railway station, which connects services towards North Richmond via a connecting line.
Francis Howell Central High School, located in Cottleville, Missouri, United States, was established in 1997 and is part of the Francis Howell School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Euromast, designed by Hugh Maaskant in a modern architectural style, is made of concrete and designated as a Rijksmonument, owned by Jan-Dirk Paarlberg.
Toguchinsky District, a municipal district in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, was established in 1932 with its capital in Toguchin.
BBMG is a business headquartered in Beijing, China, and its stock is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; it was founded in 1996.
Consolidated Contractors Company, founded by Hasib Sabbagh in 1952, is a Greek business headquartered in Athens.
Aric Anderson is a human who plays fullback for the Green Bay Packers and was educated at Millikin University. His family name is Anderson.
The Emden Company, a chartered business based in Germany, was founded in 1752 and dissolved in 1757.
ESIEE Management is a business school founded in 1995, located in Noisy-le-Grand, France, and it is distinct from the Institut supérieur de management et de technologie.
Tangerine is a Christmas film distributed by Magnolia Pictures, set and filmed in Los Angeles, and originally produced in the English language.
The City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council, an English metropolitan district council headquartered in Bradford, applies to the jurisdiction of the City of Bradford and includes the executive of Bradford Metropolitan District Council.
Metempsychosis, a painting created by Yokoyama Taikan in 1923, is located and housed in the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo.
Gutbucket is a jazz band formed in 1999 in New York City, United States, and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Chavdar Yankov was a member of FC Metalurh Donetsk, with a start and end time for his tenure, and the transaction related to his acquisition.
The North Eastern Province of Kenya, with its capital in Garissa, is an administrative province located within Kenya and falls under the category of Provinces of Kenya.
Aviateca, an airline based in Guatemala and part of the Synergy Group, was founded on January 1, 1939, and operates out of La Aurora International Airport.
CG Puigcerdà is an ice hockey team based in Spain, founded in 1972, and plays in the Liga Nacional de Hockey Hielo.
Voxhaul Broadcast is an indie rock band formed in Los Angeles in 2006, originating from the United States.
Penrith Emus Rugby is a sports team founded in 1965, based in Australia and competing in rugby union.
The Kyoto International Conference Center, an architect-designed convention center by Sachio Otani, was inaugurated in 1966 and is located in Kyoto, Japan.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 853, enacted on July 29, 1993, follows Resolution 852 and is followed by Resolution 854; it is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The State Security Administration, a secret service of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was established in 1946 and followed OZNA, ultimately being dissolved in 1991.
Al Ahli Saida SC is an association football club based in Lebanon, playing in the Lebanese Second Division and hosting its games at the Saida International Stadium.
Ivo Georgiev was a member of the sports team FC Aarau, with a start time and an end time for his involvement.
P.F. Chang's China Bistro is a restaurant chain founded in 1993 by Paul Fleming and owned by Centerbridge Partners, operating in the United States.
The Boys is a punk rock band formed in London in 1976, originating from the United Kingdom and classified as a band of rock and pop.
Ulf von Euler, whose parents were Hans von Euler-Chelpin and Astrid Cleve, and who had a sibling named Georg von Euler, was married to Dagmar Cronstedt and is buried at Solna cemetery.
London Waterloo station, owned and operated by Network Rail, opened on 11 July 1848 and is named after Waterloo Bridge; it includes the Waterloo tube station.
Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering, an engineering school affiliated with the University of Mumbai, was established in 1994 in Maharashtra, India.
Mythe Bridge, a Grade II* listed building located in the Malvern Hills District of the United Kingdom, is a bridge that crosses the River Severn.
Saviour Machine, an American gothic metal band formed in 1989, includes Eric Clayton as a member.
Phuket United Futsal Club, an association football club based in Thailand, was founded in 2006 and competes in the Futsal Thai League.
Nvu, created by Daniel Glazman, is a free, open-source HTML editor written in C++ and licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License.
Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Company, a shipyard headquartered in Dalian, China, was founded in 1898 and operates in the shipbuilding industry.
MS Berge Istra is a ship registered in Liberia, manufactured by Uljanik, and entered service in 1972, retiring on December 30, 1975.
SU Dives-Cabourg is a French association football club that was founded in 1929 and competes in the Championnat National 3.
Mozambique uses the Ndau dialect and Swazi language, and contains the administrative territorial entities of Zambezia and Gaza provinces, where Yao is also spoken.
Linda Hunt received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her work, which is the subject of a related statement.
The Crags is a rock and pop band formed in Switzerland in 2009, known for playing rock music.
Felony is a band from Los Angeles, United States, known for playing new wave music and classified as a rock and pop band.
Japan National Route 306 connects with Japan National Route 307 at its terminus locations, both situated within the same administrative territorial entity.
Persido Donggala is an association football club based in Indonesia, playing in the Liga Indonesia Third Division and hosting its games at Gawalise Stadium.
The Life Theater, an movie theater in Manila, Philippines, was inaugurated in 1941 by architect Pablo Antonio.
Bog Standard Gallery, a work of installation art created by Melanie Boda, was established on January 1, 2007, in the United Kingdom.
Adyghe State University, an educational institution founded in 1940, is located in Maykop, Russia, and falls under the category of Adyghe State University.
Blindern Rugbyklubb, a sports team based in Norway, was founded in 2010 and competes in rugby union.
The Lincoln Continental Mark VI is a car model manufactured by Ford Motor Company, following the Lincoln Continental Mark V and preceding the Lincoln Continental Mark VII, and it is powered by a petrol engine.
Quartetto di Cremona, a string quartet formed in Genoa in 2000, performs classical music and is signed with Decca Records.
Concerto Amsterdam, a classical musical ensemble founded by Jaap Schröder on January 1, 1960, is based in the Netherlands.
Alberto Bressan is a human who has received the Feltrinelli Prize and the Bôcher Memorial Prize, and has a doctoral student named Stefano Bianchini.
The National Center on Time & Learning is a nonprofit organization based in Boston, focusing its work on education.
Silver Sevens, a casino hotel located in Nevada, United States, was inaugurated in 1975.
Red Serge is a Canadian television series that aired on CBC Television from 1986 to 1987.
Mega Man Battle Network is a video game developed and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance, distributed on ROM cartridges.
Pochabany is a municipality in Slovakia, located in the Bánovce nad Bebravou District, with its earliest written record dating back to 1329.
Hapoel Galil Elyon is a basketball team based in Israel, founded in 1978, with Avishay Gordon as its head coach.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 863, enacted on September 13, 1993, follows Resolution 862 and is followed by Resolution 864. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Beyond Time is an adventure game published in 1997 for Microsoft Windows, originating from the United States.
The Tokyo Metro 08 series is an electric multiple unit and a class locomotive, operated by the Teito Rapid Transit Authority and manufactured by Nippon Sharyo, with service entry on January 7, 2003.
Sonus Faber, a corporation founded by Franco Serblin on January 1, 1983, is headquartered in Arcugnano.
Plaistow tube station is adjacent to West Ham station, with connecting lines that run towards West Ham.
The Yamate Tunnel, located in Tokyo, Japan, is a tunnel that opened on December 22, 2007, and carries the Central Circular Route (Shuto Expressway).
Greenwich Mean Time, originally from the United Kingdom and narratively located in London, stars Robbie Gee and Ben Waters in an English-language film or TV show.
Walter Francis Layer, a human and alumnus of Widener University, served as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
North Community High School, located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, was founded on January 1, 1888, and is part of the Minneapolis Public Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Lawrence Wasden is the Idaho Attorney General, a position that is a subclass of State attorney general and applies to the jurisdiction of Idaho, within the United States.
Raul Khajimba held the position of Vice President of Abkhazia with a start and end time, replacing and being replaced by different individuals.
Clive Peeters was a business founded in 1973 in Australia, with its headquarters in Bayswater North, Victoria, and it ceased operations in 2011.
Electra Tower, an architectural building designed by Moore Yaski Sivan Architects, was inaugurated in 2011 and is located in Tel Aviv, Israel.
St. Paul is a town in Alberta, Canada, which was established in 1896 and shares a border with Vilna, Alberta.
Mossoró Airport, located in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil, serves the city of Mossoró and is an aerodrome named after Mossoró.
Rai Sport is an Italian specialty television channel owned by RAI, which was launched in 1999 and broadcasts in Italian.
Kuruthipunal is a book authored by Indira Parthasarathy, set in India andoriginating from India, which received the Sahitya Akademi Award.
Mississippi Highway 500 terminates at Mississippi Highway 13 in Tuscola and was part of the Mississippi State Highway System, beginning maintenance in 1960 and being managed by the Mississippi Department of Transportation.
Ridgefield Memorial High School, an institution in the United States located in New Jersey, was founded on January 1, 1957, and is part of the Ridgefield School District.
Gary J. Brink was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Production Design for his work, and this nomination is the subject of a statement.
Tunari National Park, located in the Ayopaya Province of Bolivia, was established in 1992 and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
"Born to Run" is an episode of the television series "Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles," directed by Jeffrey Hunt and written by Josh Friedman. It was first aired on April 10, 2009, in English.
Tusitala is a miniseries directed by Don Sharp, originally aired on ABC in Australia from 15 June 1986 to 15 June 1986.
Jack Hoult is a male rugby league player who plays for Castleford Tigers and is a human.
Birdville High School, located in Texas, United States, was established in 1999 and is part of the Birdville Independent School District, classified as a high school in North America.
Bathurst Harbour is a harbor located in Tasmania, Australia, and is a tributary of Old River.
David Cay Johnston, a member of Investigative Reporters and Editors, is known for his notable work "The Making of Donald Trump" and was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize for beat reporting. He speaks and writes in American English.
Urban Bank, a business entity, was founded in 1980 in Pasig and had its headquarters in Makati, but it was dissolved in 2001.
"The Spring Madness of Mr. Sermon," authored by R.F. Delderfield and published on January 1, 1963, is a novel set in Devon.
The Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1989, is a habitat/species management area located in Iowa, United States.
Wells Street is a street located in Fitzrovia, City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and connects with Oxford Street.
Paradise Run is a television show that originated in the United States and aired on Nickelodeon, hosted by Daniella Monet, with its start time on February 1, 2016.
Luzair was a Portuguese airline that operated from 1997 to 2011, with its hub at Lisbon Airport.
Mitchell Langerak, an Australian footballer, participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup and is a member of both Borussia Dortmund II and Melbourne Victory FC.
The European Prize for Urban Public Space, an architecture prize directed by Judit Carrera and established in 2000, is conferred by the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona and is based in Spain.
Skellington Productions, a film studio founded by Henry Selick in 1992 and headquartered at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, dissolved in 1996.
Tellme Networks, founded by Mike McCue in 1999 and headquartered in Mountain View, California, is a business owned by Microsoft.
"Inside Pop: The Rock Revolution" is an English-language film directed by David Oppenheim, released in 1967 in the United States.
Sky Airlines, an airline based in Turkey with its hub at Antalya Airport, was founded in 2000 but ceased operations in 2013.
Cardiff Bridge, a concrete bridge located in Cardiff, Wales, is a Grade II listed building in the United Kingdom.
The Greer House, located in Virginia, United States, is an instance of a house with Greek Revival architecture and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Swan Princess Christmas is a Christmas film produced by Crest Animation Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, originating from the United States and originally filmed in the English language.
Guanabara Bay is a bay located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and its tributary is the Meriti River.
"From Here to Eternity" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and it is both a nominee and a winner in this category.
CHB Bank, a business headquartered in Seoul, was dissolved on April 1, 2006, and was replaced by Shinhan Bank.
Abenteuer in Bamsdorf is a German film from East Germany, edited by Ilse Peters and photographed by Günter Marczinkowsky.
CAS Corporation, a public enterprise headquartered in South Korea, was founded in 1983.
Schiphol Group, a corporation and fixed-base operator based in the Netherlands, was founded in 1920 and has its headquarters at the Schiphol Building.
Goa Engineering College, an engineering school established in 1967, is located in Farmagudi, Goa, India, and is affiliated with Goa University.
Nyati Cement, a privately held company headquartered in Kimbiji, was established in 2014 and operates in the cement industry.
The Paradise Post is a newspaper based in Paradise, California, United States.
Jabra, a business headquartered in Copenhagen, was founded in 1983 by Woody Norris and operates in the consumer electronics industry.
The 1966 Coppa Italia Final was held at Stadio Olimpico, with ACF Fiorentina winning against U.S. Catanzaro 1929, and Giuseppe Marchioro scoring the goal.
Deoria district, located in the Gorakhpur division of Uttar Pradesh, India, is the capital city of Deoria and borders Kushinagar district.
The New Mexico House of Representatives is the lower house of New Mexico's state legislature and is headquartered in Santa Fe, United States. It applies to the jurisdiction of New Mexico and consists of Members of the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Abyss Lake is a lake located in Alaska, United States, and its outflow is the Dundas River.
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a comedy-drama and coming-of-age story produced by Disney Television Animation, set in the United States and originally released in the English language.
Newburgh Free Academy, an American high school located in New York state, was founded in 1799 and is part of the Newburgh Enlarged City School District.
Hang Thun Hak served as Prime Minister of Cambodia, starting from a certain time and ending when he was replaced by another individual.
The United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, a military unit established in 1974, operates in the Golan Heights of Syria under the command of Wolfgang Jilke.
Enshi Xujiaping Airport, located in Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, China, serves Enshi City.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 690, enacted on April 29, 1991, follows Resolution 689 and precedes Resolution 691. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Junior Paramedics is a British television series originally aired on BBC Three, set and produced in the United Kingdom, and presented in the English language.
Imeem is a social networking service website founded by Dalton Caldwell in 2003, with headquarters in San Francisco.
GMA Supershow is a television series from the Philippines, created by GMA Network, which originally aired on their network. German Moreno is a cast member of the show.
After the Quake is a Japanese language work published by Shinchosha in Japan and also published by Alfred A. Knopf. It was illustrated by Noboru Kitawaki.
Roteflue is a mountain located in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland, part of the Bernese Alps and a subsidiary peak of the Schwarzhorn.
Team Love Records, an independent record label founded by Nate Krenkel in 2003, is based in New Paltz, New York, United States.
The Worthington Ridge Historic District, located in Connecticut, United States, is a historic district designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Georgian architecture.
Holy Rosary Cathedral, located in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, is a Romanesque Revival architecture cathedral named after the Rosary.
Rocket Dog is a business founded in 1997 in the United States, headquartered in Los Angeles, and produces backpacks.
The Brule River, located in Cook County, Minnesota, United States, flows into Lake Superior and is part of the Lake Superior basin.
Hronsek is a municipality in the Banská Bystrica District of Slovakia, founded in 1250, which is also the earliest written record of the town.
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford, produced by Theodore and Leopold Wharton, features Burr McIntosh in the cast and was directed by Ray June. This American production originates from the United States.
The Beijing Film Academy, founded in 1950, is a film school located in Beijing, China.
The Geelong Tiger Snakes, an Australian rugby league team, were founded on January 1, 2004, and also compete in rugby union.
Vera Mackey is a female human whose given name is Vera and whose family name is Mackey, born in Limerick.
Freshii, a fast casual restaurant chain, was founded in Toronto in 2005.
Quessant Island is an island located in the Solomon Sea, part of the Louisiade Archipelago, and situated in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Pro Sport Hockey is an ice hockey game developed by Tose and published by Jaleco for the Nintendo Entertainment System, distributed on ROM cartridges.
Felcra F.C., an association football club based in Malaysia and owned by FELCRA Berhad, plays its home games at Shah Alam Stadium.
Coffey County Airport, located in Kansas, United States, was established on January 3, 1990, and serves Burlington, Kansas.
Climax Group, a video game developer based in the United Kingdom with headquarters in Portsmouth, was established on January 1, 1988, in the video game industry.
Kathleen High School, located in Florida within the Polk County Public Schools district, was founded in 1928 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
Marianna Ryzhkina, a Merited Artist of the Russian Federation, is a human from Russia whose career began in 1989.
Ljungby Arena is a sports venue in Sweden, located in Ljungby Municipality, and is used for ice hockey, primarily occupied by IF Troja / Ljungby.
Kulture Yabra FC, an association football club founded in 1974, plays in the Belize Premier Football League and has its home venue at MCC Grounds.
William Reed, a human and governor of North Carolina from 1712 to 1776, spoke and wrote in English.
Rosa Martinez is a female human residing in Barcelona.
Janet Blair, a member of the California Republican Party and wife of Lou Busch, is a human whose main category is Category:Janet Blair.
The Keikyu 1000 series, manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and operated by Keikyu, is an electric multiple unit and a class of locomotive that entered service on January 13, 1960.
Dismissed is a reality television series that premiered in 2001 and originated from the United States, airing on MTV.
Appleby College, a high school in North America, was founded on January 1, 1911, by Byron Edmund Walker and is located in Ontario, Canada.
Angletrax is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom, signed to Hansa Records.
Cranfield United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1903 and plays in the Spartan South Midlands Football League.
Deming Elementary School, located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, is a school building designed by architect Frederic Hutchinson Porter and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Karobaar: The Business of Love is a Romance film from India, written by Sachin Bhowmick and starring Juhi Chawla, with the original language being Hindi.
The Geisel School of Medicine, a medical school founded by Nathan Smith, is located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States, and is part of Dartmouth College.
Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D. is an English-language superhero film produced by Michael Herz, set in New York City and originating from the United States.
Catherine Corrigan, a human and meteoritics researcher, was educated at Michigan State University and is married to Ben Bussey.
John I. Burton High School, located in Virginia within the Norton City Schools district in the United States, was founded in 1953 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Ely City F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1885 and plays in the Eastern Counties Football League.
Expo 2008, a World's fair held in Spain, took place in Zaragoza in 2008.
The Graham Star is a newspaper published in Robbinsville, North Carolina, United States.
The Municipality of WestLake — Gladstone, a rural municipality in Canada, was established on January 1, 2015, replacing the former Gladstone, Manitoba, and is located in the administrative territory of Manitoba.
The Gamechangers is a documentary film produced by BBC Two and originally aired on BBC Two, originating from the United Kingdom and filmed in the English language.
Grey Crag is a mountain located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, part of the Lake District range, and is a parent peak of Tarn Crag in the Far Eastern Fells.
The Bank of Albania, established on September 2, 1925, is the central bank of Albania and is headquartered in Tirana, owning Hotel Dajti.
The Ministry of Environment of Lithuania, established in 1998, has its headquarters in Vilnius and is part of the list of environmental ministries, falling under the category of Ministry of Environment (Lithuania).
Neil Jordan was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work on a statement that is the subject of the nomination.
The Kansas City Athletic Club, a business founded in 1887, is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, United States.
Nasirabad District, located in the Nasirabad Division of Pakistan, has its capital in Naseerabad, Balochistan. It is one of the districts of Pakistan.
Eaton Vance, a business headquartered at Two International Place, was founded in 1924 and operates in the financial services industry, listing on the New York Stock Exchange.
KZWY is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Sheridan, Wyoming, in the United States. It was established in 1980 and is located in Wyoming.
La Gazzetta dello Sport, published by RCS MediaGroup and originally founded by Eugenio Camillo Costamagna, is headquartered in Milan and primarily published in Italian.
Dublin was the capital of the Irish Free State, which had a start time and an end time.
Big Daddy's BBQ Sauce is a business headquartered in Yukon, Oklahoma, United States, and was established in 1998 in the food industry.
Lemon Angel Project is a Japanese drama anime television series whose main subject is music and is produced in the Japanese language.
ASC Guemeul is an association football club based in Mauritania, founded in 2011, and plays in the Ligue 1 Mauritania.
The Yokohama Marathon, which originated in 1981, is a marathon event in Japan, part of the sport of athletics.
The Goyang Orion Orions, an instance of a basketball team based in South Korea, were founded in 1997 and compete in the Korean Basketball League.
The Salters School of Chemistry, founded in 1993 and part of Christ's Hospital, is a school in the United Kingdom, established by Samuel Porter, Baron Porter.
The National Institute of Technology and Evaluation, an agency engaged in administrative execution and a university, was established in 2001 and is located in Tokyo, Japan.
FC Yelets is an association football club based in Russia, founded in 1968, and plays in the Russian Amateur Football League.
Virgo Fidelis Convent Senior School, a Roman Catholic girls' school located in Upper Norwood, was founded on September 1, 1997, under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Southwark.
The Linha do Tua is a railway line in Portugal, owned by Infraestruturas de Portugal, and it officially opened in 1887 with its terminus at Tua railway station.
The High Water Marks is an alternative rock band from the United States, signed to Happy Happy Birthday to Me Records, and includes Mike Snowden as part of the group.
The 1990 Liverpool City Council election was a local election in Liverpool, United Kingdom, where members of the Liverpool City Council were contested.
The Nagoya Municipal Subway 6000 series is an electric multiple unit and a subclass of subway cars, manufactured by Nippon Sharyo, operated by the Transportation Bureau of the City of Nagoya and classified as a locomotive.
WPLR is a radio station licensed to broadcast to New Haven, Connecticut, in the United States. It was established in 1944 and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Connecticut.
Spirou et Fantasio is a comic book album authored and illustrated by André Franquin, featuring the character Fantasio, and part of the Spirou et Fantasio series.
The Beveridge Award, named after Albert J. Beveridge and conferred by the American Historical Association, was established in 1939 in the United States.
Machida Stadium, located in Machida, Tokyo, Japan, was inaugurated on October 1990 and is occupied by FC Machida Zelvia.
The Machias River, located in Washington County, Maine, United States, is a river that flows into Machias Bay and has a tributary called the East Machias River.
The Henry Ockershausen House, located in Iowa, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Queen Anne style architecture.
Clear Horizons Early College High School, located in Houston, Texas, United States, was founded in 2007 and is part of the Clear Creek Independent School District. It is an early college high school.
Julia Beljajeva, a human and fencer, participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics and received the Estonian Young Athlete of the Year award.
The West Bank Story was nominated for and won the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film, making it the subject of a notable statement.
The Accidental Tourist (film) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and the statement about this nomination is a subject of the award.
Mosley Music Group, a record label founded by Timbaland in 2006 and part of Sony Music, operates in the United States.
The Sampoong Department Store collapse, which occurred on June 29, 1995, in Seocho District, South Korea, is an instance of structural integrity and failure affecting the department store.
The University of Sharjah, established in 1997, is a university located in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates, and falls under the category of the University of Sharjah.
The Ebenezer Watts House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States, and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Julian Wright, a human from the United States, was educated at the University of Kansas and competes in men's basketball. He was drafted by the New Orleans Pelicans.
Thatched Cottages and Houses is a painting by Ivan Morozov, now part of the collections at the Hermitage Museum, depicting a thatched cottage. The painting is made using oil paint.
Lincoln Park is a city in the United States, founded in 1925, located in Wayne County, Michigan, and shares a border with Detroit.
The Polish Athletic Association, established on January 1, 1919, is a sports governing body that applies to the jurisdiction of Poland and oversees the sport of athletics.
Uzovce, a municipality in Slovakia, was founded in 1280 and is located in the Sabinov District. The earliest written record of Uzovce dates back to 1280.
Chinnor R.F.C. is a rugby union team founded in 1962, based in the United Kingdom.
The 1938 Saskatchewan general election, which took place in Canada, resulted in the victory of William John Patterson and is listed among other Saskatchewan general elections.
Independiente de La Rioja is an association football club founded on January 1, 1924, based in Argentina, and plays in the Torneo Argentino C league.
The Fiat 241 is a car model manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, following the Fiat 615 and preceded by the Fiat 242.
CRI Middleware, a business based in Japan with its headquarters in Tokyo, was founded in 1983 and operates in the video game industry.
The Congress for Cultural Freedom was an organization founded in 1950 and headquartered in Paris, which dissolved in 1969.
The SNCAO 200 is a French prototype fighter monoplane with one engine, manufactured by SNCAO, and its first flight occurred on January 31, 1939.
Guild Software, a video game developer based in the United States with headquarters in Milwaukee, was founded in 1998 and operates in the video game industry.
Yaaran Da Katchup is a Punjabi language film from India, released in 2014, with Jaswinder Bhalla in the cast.
The Georgetown Historic District in Georgetown, Ohio, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture. It is located in Georgetown, Ohio, which is part of the United States.
Isadora Pompeo, a Brazilian female singer born on May 30, 1999, is a human.
Hendry Thomas is a human who played for the Honduras national football team, competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics, and was a member of C.D. Olimpia in the Premier League.
Gord Wappel is a human who played as a defenceman for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League.
Levadia Municipal Stadium, located in Greece and operated by Levadiakos F.C., opened officially in 1952 and is occupied by the club.
Lavon Lake is a reservoir located in Texas, United States, and is controlled by the Lavon Dam.
Big Time Attic, a business founded by Shadi Petosky in 2004, is headquartered in Minneapolis, United States.
Namibia Commercial Aviation, an airline based in Namibia with its headquarters in Windhoek, began operations in 1992 and operates out of Eros Airport.
Perrine's Bridge is a covered bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York, United States, and it crosses the Wallkill River.
The Bancroft Trust Building, an architectural structure located in Massachusetts, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was designed by Fuller & Delano.
FC Inhulets-2 Petrove, an association football club based in Ukraine, was founded in 2014 and plays in the Ukrainian Second League.
Gennaro Gattuso coached A.C. Pisa 1909, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Juan Francisco Reyes served as the Vice President of Guatemala with a start and end time, replacing one person and being replaced by another.
Long Beach High School, located in New York State, United States, was established in 1971 and is part of the Long Beach City School District, classified as a high school in North America.
The National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan, a government agency established in 1992, is headquartered in Nur-Sultan and is chaired by Karim Massimov. This committee serves the country of Kazakhstan.
Jenny Lake Lodge is a lodge located in Teton County, Wyoming, United States, and it is named after Jenny Lake, situated on the continent of North America.
Siltcoos Lake is a lake located in Lane County, Oregon, United States, and its outflow is the Siltcoos River.
South Kirkby Wednesday F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1905 and plays in the South Kirkby Football League.
Bisichi Mining is a company founded in 1910 with its headquarters in London, listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Russell Barry held the position of Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham with a specific start and end time, replacing and being replaced by different individuals.
Hidden Falls, a waterfall located in Hanging Rock State Park, is situated in North Carolina, United States.
Chris Watson held the position of Prime Minister of Australia with a start and end time, replacing and being replaced by other Prime Ministers.
MidFlorida Credit Union, an American business in the financial services industry, was founded on January 1, 1954, and has its headquarters in Lakeland, Florida.
The Tolstoy Foundation, a charitable organization founded by Alexandra Tolstaya in 1939, is headquartered in Valley Cottage, New York, United States.
Romance is a Spanish musical composition for guitar, performed by My Chemical Romance, distinct from the term "Romance" in general use.
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Zanzibar, Tanzania, is a Catholic cathedral located in Zanzibar City and serves the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zanzibar.
Golden Words is a student broadsheet newspaper owned by the Queen's Engineering Society, which was first published in 1967 in Canada.
AS Ariana is a Tunisian association football club that was founded in 1938 and plays in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Smoky Mountain High School, an institution in the United States, was founded in 1988 and is part of Jackson County Public Schools in North Carolina.
The Brunswick River, located in North Carolina, United States, is a river that flows into the Cape Fear River.
Boys Union Club, an association football club founded in 1952, plays in the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League and has its home venue at Dasarath Rangasala Stadium.
Quelli che soffrono per voi is an Italian film directed by Alessandro Blasetti, released in 1951, with Italy as its country of origin.
Manchester Township High School, located in New Jersey, United States, was established in 1974 and is part of the Manchester Township School District, serving as a high school in North America.
Apopka High School, located in Florida, United States, was founded in 1931 and is part of the Orange County Public Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, an Australian transport enterprise headquartered in Melbourne, was established on 20 January 1853.
Nottingham High School (New Jersey) is a high school in the United States, located in Hamilton Township, New Jersey, and a member of the Colonial Valley Conference.
Toba Castle, a Japanese castle located in Toba, Japan, is owned by Kuki Yoshitaka and is situated within the Ise-Shima National Park.
The Hamilton Building, an instance of a commercial building designed by Whidden & Lewis, is located in Portland, Oregon, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
José Sanfilippo, a human, was a member of San Lorenzo de Almagro and participated in both the 1958 and 1962 FIFA World Cups.
WKIO is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Arcola, Illinois, United States, and it began operations in 1991.
Spence Tatchell is a human who played as a defenceman for the New York Rovers and the New York Rangers in the National Hockey League.
Yle Radio Suomi is a Finnish radio station owned by Yle, replacing YleQ, and broadcasting in the Finnish language.
The David Crawford House, a neoclassical architectural style historic house, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York, United States.
Marion County Airport, located in Marion County, Georgia, United States, was established on January 1, 1975, and serves the area around Buena Vista, Georgia.
StealthNet is a free software inception project launched in 2007, running on Microsoft Windows and licensed under the GNU General Public License. It is written in C#.
Hamilton Southeastern High School, located in Indiana within the Hamilton Southeastern Schools district in the United States, was established in 1964 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Tyler Shattock is a winger in ice hockey who plays for the Kalamazoo Wings and was drafted by the St. Louis Blues. His family name is Shattock.
Daniela Baumer is a human who participates in canoeing and kayaking and competed in the Women's K-4 500 metres event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
The Slovenian Futsal League, an association football-based sports league in Slovenia, was inception in 1984 and starts its season in autumn.
The Brooks Building, designed by architects William Holabird and Martin Roche, features steel construction and an orange color, embodying the Chicago school architectural style.
The Packard 180, a car model manufactured by Packard, follows the Packard Twelve and is succeeded by the Packard Clipper.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreón, headquartered in Torreón, Mexico, was established on June 19, 1957, and borders the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gómez Palacio.
Capellen is the capital of the canton of the same name in Luxembourg and is part of the administrative territory of Luxembourg. It shares a border with the Arrondissement of Arlon and is one of the cantons of Luxembourg.
Lambley Viaduct, a Grade II* listed bridge in Northumberland, United Kingdom, crosses the River Tyne.
The Difference Engine, authored by William Gibson and published by Victor Gollancz Ltd in the United States, is a steampunk novel set in London.
Lydia Ludic Burundi Académic FC is an association football club based in Burundi, playing in the Burundi Premier League and competing at their home venue, Prince Louis Rwagasore Stadium.
North Marston is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of Aylesbury Vale, and it is also considered a civil parish.
Brumunddal is an urban settlement and administrative centre located in Ringsaker, Norway.
Tricky Business is a British television series created by Forrest Wilson, which originally aired on CBBC and features Paul Zenon in its cast.
Robertson Davies was nominated for the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction for his work, specifically at a certain point in time.
Het Nieuwsblad is a daily Dutch-language tabloid newspaper founded in 1932 and owned by Mediahuis.
The Koga Cycling Team, an instance of a cycling team from the Netherlands, was founded in 1999 and competed in road bicycle racing until it was dissolved in 2014.
UZO is a business based in Portugal, with its headquarters in Lisbon, that was founded in 2005 and operates in the mobile phone industry.
John C. Calhoun held the position of Vice President of the United States, serving from a start time to an end time, replacing and being replaced by other individuals during his tenure.
Anda Air, an airline based in Ukraine with its headquarters in Kiev, began operations in 2015 and operates out of Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany).
Tahar Rahim was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Actor for his work at a specific point in time.
Growing Pains is a British television series originally aired on BBC One, composed by Nigel Hess and produced in the English language.
The Friends of the Natural History Museum Paris, an association founded by Edmond Perrier on January 1, 1907, is a voluntary organization based in France, operating under the French law of 1901.
Shiraishi Island is an island located in the Seto Inland Sea, within Kasaoka, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Leander High School, located in Texas, United States, was established in 1984 and is part of the Leander Independent School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Wolseley 15/60, manufactured by the British Motor Corporation under the Wolseley Motors brand, follows the Wolseley 15/50 and was succeeded by the BMC ADO17.
Coulter Brook is a river located in Delaware County, New York, United States, and it flows into the Little Delaware River, draining into the Delaware River basin.
Persikota Tidore is an association football club based in Indonesia, founded in 1958, and plays in the Liga 2.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 492, enacted on November 10, 1981, follows Resolution 491 and precedes Resolution 493. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
WHRB is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Cambridge, Massachusetts, and it was founded on January 1, 1957, in the United States.
The Beat Room was a television show that aired from July 6, 1964, to January 29, 1965, originally on BBC Two, with its first episode also published on July 6, 1964.
London, Ohio, a city in the United States, was founded in 1810 and serves as the capital of Madison County, Ohio.
The South African Class 61-000 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive and part of the locomotive class operated by Transnet Freight Rail, manufactured by Henschel & Son with a wheel arrangement of B′B′.
Cogenhoe United F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1967 and plays in the United Counties League.
SkyRise Miami, an instance of a skyscraper designed by Arquitectonica, is located in Miami, United States, and was officially opened in 2018.
Camelot (film) was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design and the statement about its nomination is a subject of discussion.
The Aston Martin One-77 is a supercar manufactured by Aston Martin, following the Aston Martin DB AR1.
Huggate is a village and civil parish located in the East Riding of Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School, founded by Ghazi ud-Din Khan Feroze Jung I in 1949, is a school located in New Delhi, India.
The Clarion River, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a river that flows into the Allegheny River and has Mill Creek as one of its tributaries.
Yorkend Lake is a lake located in Haliburton County, Canada, and its outflow is the York River.
WAVS is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Davie, Florida, and was inception on January 1, 1969, located in the United States.
Yao Bin, a human, participated in pair skating at the 1984 Winter Olympics and skated with his partner Luan Bo.
Rabbit Semiconductor, a business founded in 1983, is headquartered in Davis, California, United States.
Schell Creek Range is a mountain range located in Nevada, United States, and is part of the Basin and Range Province. Its highest point is North Schell Peak.
Aeroperlas, an airline based in Panama and a subsidiary of AMR Corporation, was founded on January 1, 1970, and operates out of Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport.
Karate for Life, an original Japanese film distributed by Toei Company, is set in Okinawa Prefecture and stars Sonny Chiba.
Zeya Nature Reserve, established on October 3, 1963, is a protected area in Russia and falls under IUCN category Ia: Strict Nature Reserve.
"The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey" is part of the "The Mysterious Benedict Society" series, published by Little, Brown and Company. It follows "The Mysterious Benedict Society" and is followed by "The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma." The book is written in English.
WOIR is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Homestead, Florida, in the United States, and it began operations in 1985.
WMYI is a radio station owned by iHeartMedia, located in North Carolina and licensed to broadcast to Hendersonville, North Carolina, in the United States.
Delamain, a French organization founded by James Delamain in 1763, produces Cognac and is headquartered in Jarnac.
Cuverville Island is an island located in the Southern Ocean, within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica, and claimed by Argentina.
Feud of the Trail is an English-language film from the United States, released in 1937, starring Tom Tyler.
Southease is a village and civil parish located in the South Downs National Park, within the Lewes District of the United Kingdom.
The 1897 Chicago mayoral election was held in Chicago, United States, on April 6, 1897, to contest the position of Mayor of Chicago.
The Count Bishops is a punk rock band from London, United Kingdom, that records with Chiswick Records and is classified as a rock and pop band.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1217, enacted on December 22, 1998, follows Resolution 1216 and is followed by Resolution 1218; it is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Silverwood Lake is a lake located in California, United States, and is part of the California Aqueduct basin system.
The Grafton Post Office in Grafton, North Dakota, is a building designed by architect James A. Wetmore and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
John H. Guyer High School, located in Denton, Texas within the Denton Independent School District, was established in 2005 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
Levanger Station, designed by architect Paul Due in Art Nouveau style, was officially opened in 1902 and is a heritage site in Norway. It connects to the Nordland Line.
Pixomondo, a German business headquartered in Frankfurt, was founded on January 1, 2001, and operates under the legal form of GmbH & Co. KG.
The Melville Walker House, located in Kennebunkport, Maine, United States, is an Italianate-style house and part of the Kennebunkport Historic District.
Bershka, a retail joint-stock company based in Arteixo, is part of the Inditex group.
Indian Handcrafts, formed in Barrie in 2010, is a speed metal band signed to Sargent House.
PAOK FC, a volleyball team playing in the Super League Greece, is coached by Abel Ferreira and plays its home games at Toumba Stadium. The team's official color is black.
Toutant Airport, located in Connecticut, United States, was established on January 1, 1971, and serves the Putnam area.
Wei-Chuan Food Corporation, a business founded by Huang Leih-ho in 1972 and headquartered in Taipei, is owned by Ting Hsin International Group.
Boyle Park, located in Arkansas, United States, is a park designed by the Civilian Conservation Corps and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A Course of Modern Analysis, published by Cambridge University Press in 1902, is a book by E.T. Whittaker that primarily covers mathematics.
Borassus madagascariensis is a species of palm endemic to Madagascar, belonging to the genus Borassus, and classified as an endangered species. Its basionym is Borassus flabellifer var. madagascariensis.
The New South Wales 45 class locomotive is a diesel-electric locomotive operated by the New South Wales Government Railways, manufactured by A.E. Goodwin, and features a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Jonathan Kemp, a human with the surname Kemp, resides in Ipswich and is married to Jaclyn Hawkes.
Rugby union is a sport played in the Solomon Islands, with its main category being "Rugby union in the Solomon Islands."
The Cedar Falls Post Office, a government building and post office building listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Cedar Falls, Iowa, United States.
Calvin Klein, a clothing company based in New York City, produces both clothing and perfume and is part of the PVH corporation.
Tulemalu Lake is a lake located in Nunavut, Canada, and its outflow is the Kunwak River.
FCA Poland, a joint-stock company and enterprise, was established in 1992 in Poland.
The Vienna Philharmonic gold coin, created by Thomas Pesendorfer, is a round coin made of gold and represents Austria.
Andrew Crummy, a human, was educated at Portobello High School and Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Mitsuo Fujikura is a male mixed martial artist from Japan.
The Carroll Street Bridge is a retractable road bridge located in New York City, spanning the Gowanus Canal, United States.
Young Empires, a Canadian band formed in Toronto, was founded in 2009 and performs worldbeat music. They are an instance of a rock and pop band.
The Renault Vivasix is a car model manufactured by Renault, following the Renault Type PG and being succeeded by the Renault Vivastella.
The Farnese Hours, an illuminated manuscript and book of hours created by Giulio Clovio on 1 January 1537, is part of the Morgan Library & Museum collection.
Paarl, a town in South Africa, was founded on January 1, 1657, and serves as the capital of the Drakenstein Local Municipality.
The Division Street Bridge in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, is a road bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places and spans the Seekonk River in the United States.
The Redlin Art Center, an art museum located in Watertown, South Dakota, United States, was founded on June 6, 1997, and is named after artist Terry Redlin.
Mahabir Singh Rana is a male politician who is a member of the Indian National Congress and was born in Saharanpur district. He is a human.
White Haven is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States, established on January 1, 1842, and marked by its first settlement.
Euphorbia is a Brazilian band formed on January 1, 2005, that performs electronic body music and is part of the rock and pop genre.
The Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey, an ice hockey league based in Quebec, Canada, was founded in 1996.
The Review of Economics and Statistics, an English-language scientific journal published by MIT Press, was inceptioned in 1917 and is edited by Philippe Aghion.
The Ybor Factory Building, designed by C.E. Parcell and located in Florida, United States, is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oberliga Westfalen is an association football league in Germany that started in 1978 and is one level below the Regionalliga Nord.
Rugby Club Savoie Rumilly, an instance of a rugby union team from France, was founded in 1911 and competes in rugby union.
Charles Manthorpe, a male human, was born on March 31, 1836, and died on December 6, 1898.
Santa Terezinha is a municipality in Pernambuco, Brazil, which shared a border with Tabira and was established in 1963.
Blessing Liman, a female aircraft pilot born on March 13, 1984, in Zangon Kataf, is a human.
The Patna-Gaya railway line, owned by Indian Railways and located in India, runs to Patna Junction railway station and was officially opened in 1900.
Sivas Province, which shares a border with Kayseri Province and contains the administrative territorial entity of Sivas, uses the Turkish language and also includes areas where Kirmanjki is spoken, as well as containing the administrative territorial entity of Ulaş.
Trinity High School, located in Euless, Texas, is part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District and was founded in 1968. It is an instance of a high school in North America and is situated in the administrative territorial entity of Texas, United States.
Runciman railway station, an instance of a train station in New Zealand, was part of the North Island Main Trunk and officially opened on 28 July 1879, closing on 8 December 1918.
The Downey Building, a commercial structure in Illinois, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
ToonBox Entertainment, a company founded in 2008, is headquartered in Toronto and operates in the computer animation industry.
Plattsmouth is the county seat and a city of Cass County, Nebraska, located in the United States.
WOLR is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Lake City, Florida, in the United States, and it began operations in 1977.
Out of Oz is a speculative fiction novel in The Wicked Years series, published by William Morrow and Company, and it takes place in the Land of Oz, following the events of A Lion Among Men.
Bar 7 is a hard rock band from California, United States, and Jeff Keith is part of the band.
Abraj Al Lulu, a skyscraper located in Manama, Bahrain, was designed by Ja'afar Tuqan and opened on March 2009.
Bache & Co., a business founded by Jules Bache in 1879, is headquartered in New York City, United States.
The Royal Danish Playhouse, designed by Lundgaard & Tranberg and located in Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark, is a theater that opened officially in 2008.
Ola High School, located in Georgia (U.S.), was established in 2006 and is part of the Henry County School District in North America.
Once Upon a Mirage is a film from Hong Kong, originally written in Cantonese and published in 1982 by screenwriter Lilian Lee.
Nitro Records, a record label founded by Dexter Holland, was established on January 1, 1995, in the United States and has its headquarters in San Francisco.
Ordu is a city and the capital of Ordu Province in Turkey, twinned with Marmaris.
Blue Island is a city in the United States, founded in 1836, located in Cook County, Illinois, and sharing a border with Alsip.
Fados, a film with Spain as its country of origin and Portugal also contributing to its cast, features Miguel Poveda and Chico Buarque in the cast and was directed by Eduardo Serra as the cinematographer.
Pacific Grade Summit is a mountain pass located in Alpine County, California, United States, part of the Sierra Nevada range, and it carries California State Route 4.
The Spencer Street Bridge is a bridge located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, and it crosses the Yarra River.
Golda Meir resided in Kiev, which is located in Ukraine, starting and ending at unspecified times.
Team Facelift, an American band formed in New York City on January 1, 2004, performs hip-hop music and is also categorized as a rock and pop band.
CJMS is a French-language radio station in Quebec, Canada, which began operations in 1999.
KBCR-FM is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Steamboat Springs, Colorado, United States, and it began operations on January 1, 1974, in Colorado.
Blyford is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the Waveney District, and it is also classified as a civil parish.
Slobozia is a commune located in Giurgiu County, Romania, with its capital also named Slobozia.
The Hamilton Waterworks, a pumping station and National Historic Site of Canada, features Victorian architecture and is located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The Battle of Radzymin, which took place on April 25, 1809, in Radzymin, was part of the Austro-Polish War and involved the Duchy of Warsaw.
Exmortus is a thrash metal band from California, United States, signed to Prosthetic Records.
Ingram Micro, a business founded in 1979, has its headquarters in Irvine, California, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange. It is part of the HNA Technology group.
Dekaney High School, located in Texas, United States, was established in 2007 and is part of the Spring Independent School District, classified as a high school in North America.
Gmina Leszno is a rural municipality in Poland, located in the Warsaw West County and sharing a border with Gmina Kampinos.
Lenartov is a municipality in Slovakia, located in the Bardejov District, with its earliest written record dating back to 1427.
CATIA, developed by Dassault Systèmes, is a proprietary computer-aided design software that was first introduced in 1977 and is programmed in C++.
Hi Suhyun, a K-pop musical duo, was formed in Seoul in 2014 and is signed with YG Entertainment.
Proflight Zambia, an airline based in Zambia with its headquarters in Lusaka, began operations in 1991 and operates out of Kenneth Kaunda International Airport.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1357, enacted on June 21, 2001, follows Resolution 1356 and is followed by Resolution 1358. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Thaicom is a business headquartered in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand, and was founded in 1991 by Thaksin Shinawatra.
Castelbelforte is a comune and the capital of the Province of Mantua in Italy, sharing a border with Trevenzuolo.
Union Station in Toronto is adjacent to Bloor GO Station, which serves as a connecting line towards various destinations.
Delia Mathews, a female ballet dancer born in 1990 in New Zealand, is a human.
Lasher is a book in the Lives of the Mayfair Witches trilogy, published by Alfred A. Knopf with cover art by Chip Kidd. The book is written in English.
Carnegie Hall Tower, an architecturally significant skyscraper designed by César Pelli, was inaugurated in 1991 and is located in Manhattan, United States.
Florin Iordache served as the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania, starting from a certain time and ending at another, replacing and being replaced by different individuals.
McGuireWoods is a law firm founded in 1834 and headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, United States. It operates as a limited liability partnership.
The Gurleyville Historic District, located in Connecticut, United States, is a historic district designated on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Lebanon High School, located in Oregon, United States, was founded in 1909 and is part of the Lebanon Community Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Laetitia Casta, a human native to the French language, has received awards including the Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres and the Marianne.
Fantom Warrior, an American thrash metal band formed in Union Township, Union County, New Jersey, was active in 1984.
The Hampden County Courthouse, designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson, is located in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is an instance of a courthouse.
Firemonkeys Studios, an electronic game developer headquartered in Melbourne, was founded in 1999 and is owned by Electronic Arts.
The MS Silja Serenade, a ship owned by Silja Line and manufactured by STX Finland, is based in Mariehamn, Finland.
Tashtun is a village in Armenia, located in the Syunik Province and sharing a border with Lichk. The official language is Armenian.
Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan, produced by Runme Shaw and distributed by Shaw Brothers Studio, is a film from Hong Kong with Corey Yuen in the cast, originally filmed in Mandarin Chinese.
The Settlers Online, developed by Ubisoft Blue Byte and part of The Settlers series, is a browser game that can be played using both a computer keyboard and a mouse.
Buffalo Woman Lake is a lake located in Flathead County, Montana, within the United States, and is situated in Glacier National Park.
Regenkreis, named after the Regen River, is a administrative region with its capital in Straubing, sharing borders with Isarkreis and Mainkreis (Bavaria).
Point of Fork Plantation, a Greek Revival architecture plantation located in Virginia, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oroville is a city in Butte County, California, United States, established on January 3, 1906, and includes part of the Memorial Park Cemetery.
The Bhutanese ngultrum, a currency introduced in 1974, replaced the Bhutanese rupee in Bhutan.
The 1973 New York state election was an election in the United States, held in New York state, where voters contested seats for the New York State Assembly.
Low Down, an English-language film produced by Albert Berger and directed by Christopher Blauvelt, was distributed by Universal Pictures and originates from the United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 105, enacted on July 28, 1954, follows Resolution 104 and precedes Resolution 106. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The Kayseri Subregion is a statistical territorial entity located in Turkey, part of the Central Anatolia Region, and includes the Yozgat Province.
The Grave is a novel by James Heneghan, published in 2000, set in Liverpool.
Ipchains is a free software developed by Rusty Russell for the Linux operating system, licensed under the GNU General Public License and written in the C programming language.
The Silas Williams House, located in Illinois, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Queen Anne style architecture.
Seoul Broadcasting System, a joint-stock company listed on the Korea Exchange, owns SBS TV and SBS A&T and is the parent organization of SBS Media Holdings.
Blyth Terrace is a historic dwelling listed on the Heritage Act - State Heritage Register and located in New South Wales, Australia.
KSLT is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Spearfish, South Dakota, United States, and it began operations in 1984.
Tolerance is a sculpture made of aluminium located in Houston, United States, created by Jaume Plensa.
Love at First Fight is a Chinese television show in Standard Chinese, starring Wallace Huo and George Hu.
Brooks Seaplane Base, an airport located in Idaho, United States, was established on January 5, 1947, and serves Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
The Postal Savings Bank of China, an business entity headquartered in Xicheng District, China, was established on January 1, 2007, and its shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Philippe Noiret received a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his work, which was recognized at a specific point in time.
Buffalo Creek is a river in the United States, located in Brooke County, West Virginia, and flows into the Ohio River, draining into the Ohio River basin.
Michael Deeley received an Academy Award for Best Picture for his work, which is the subject of a related statement.
The Rink is a musical theatre piece composed by John Kander with lyrics by Fred Ebb and libretto by Terrence McNally, created by the team of Kander and Ebb.
The Solar T62 is an aircraft component and engine family manufactured by Solar Turbines, used as an aircraft engine in the United States.
Selayar Island is an island located in the Flores Sea, part of the Selayar Islands Regency in South Sulawesi, Indonesia.
Mount Pleasant High School, located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, was founded on January 1, 1830, and is part of the Brandywine School District, serving as a high school in North America.
The Round Mountain Gold Mine is a gold mine located in Nevada, United States, owned by Kinross Gold, and produces gold.
Alethia Tanner, a female human born in 1785, was born in Baden, Maryland, and her family name is Tanner.
C Spire, a business based in the United States, was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Ridgeland, Mississippi. It operates in the mobile phone industry.
Cressage is a village and civil parish located in Shropshire, United Kingdom, near the River Severn.
Interstate 73 is a road in the United States, part of the Interstate Highway System, which was initiated in 1997 and is located in North Carolina.
Feeling Minnesota is an English-language film set in Minnesota, directed by Walt Lloyd and starring Courtney Love. It originates from the United States.
Aniyaa is a film directed and written by Ahmed Nimal, released in 2014, and produced in the Maldives.
Google Answers was a knowledge market launched in 2002 and owned by Google, operating until 2006 when it was replaced by Google Questions and Answers.
Khiladi 420 is an action film produced by Keshu Ramsay, originally filmed in Hindi and set in Canada, originating from India.
Nippon Cable, a business based in Japan, was founded on January 1, 1953, in Tokyo, where its headquarters is also located.
The Kilbourn Bridge, located in Iowa, United States, is a road bridge designed by the Iowa Department of Transportation and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Henry Art Gallery, founded by Horace Chapin Henry on January 1, 1927, is an art museum located in Seattle, United States.
Synapse Gaming is a business headquartered in Pittsburgh, United States, that was founded in 2003 and operates in the video game industry.
Ice River Springs, a company in the drink industry, was founded in 1995 and has its headquarters in Shelburne, Ontario.
OpenPlans is a nonprofit organization based in New York City, United States, founded by Mark Gorton with its headquarters in New York state.
"The Trials of Ted Haggard" is a documentary film directed by Alexandra Pelosi, released in 2009 in the United States.
Sharda University, an institution affiliated with the University Grants Commission of India, was established in 2009 and is located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Barlow River, located in West Coast, New Zealand, is a river that flows into the Perth River and has a tributary called the North Barlow River.
Principles of Economics, authored by Alfred Marshall and published in 1890, is a non-fiction book primarily focused on economics.
The Bradford Downtown Historic District, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a historic district designated on the National Register of Historic Places and features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Asian Idol, a television series produced by Fremantle and aired on RCTI, ran from December 15 to December 16, 2007.
LRAD Corporation, a business founded by Woody Norris in 1980, is headquartered in San Diego, United States.
Creative Arts Morgan Village Academy is a high school located in Camden, New Jersey, United States, and is part of the Camden City School District, having been established in 1994.
Ningineer Stadium, located in Matsuyama, Japan, was inaugurated in 1979 and is the home ground of Ehime FC.
The Sanderson House, located at 301 Scottholm Boulevard in Syracuse, New York, United States, was designed by architect Ward Wellington Ward and is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Benjamin Disraeli held the positions of Member of the 16th and 20th Parliaments of the United Kingdom, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and was known as "The Right Honourable." He wrote in English.
Soldak Entertainment, a business based in the United States, was founded on November 22, 2004, and operates in the video game industry with its headquarters in the United States.
British and Commonwealth Holdings was a business founded in 1955 with its headquarters in London, operating in financial services until it was dissolved in 1990.
Neo Solar Power, an enterprise and business entity with a joint-stock legal form, was founded in 2005 and has its headquarters in Hsinchu.
St. Raymond High School for Boys, founded in 1960 by John Corrigan, is a high school located in New York, United States.
Jupiter Rising is a dance-rock band formed in California, United States, and was inceptioned on January 1, 2005.
The Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a building designated as a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was designed by architect R. Brognard Okie.
A Farmer's Year, authored by H. Rider Haggard and published in 1899, is a book originating from the United Kingdom and is now in the public domain.
Raging Speedhorn, a heavy metal band formed in Corby, UK, was established in 1998.
Berkswell is a village and civil parish located in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull, United Kingdom.
Arnold Palmer Regional Airport, located in Pennsylvania, United States, was established on January 4, 1938, and serves Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
Jerry Moran earned an academic degree from the University of Kansas and its School of Law.
The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch was a television show that aired on CNBC from July 25, 2004, to December 5, 2008, in the United States.
Iczer Reborn is a Japanese original video animation mecha anime and manga produced by Anime International Company.
KMGV is a radio station located in California, United States, owned by Cumulus Media and licensed to broadcast to Fresno, California.
Kentisbeare is a village and civil parish located in Mid Devon, United Kingdom.
Stuart W. Cramer High School, named after Stuart W. Cramer and part of the Gaston County Schools district in the United States, was established in 2013 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Honda S2000, a car model manufactured by Honda, follows the Honda S800 and is used in auto racing.
Dolliver Memorial State Park, an Iowa state park in the United States, was established on January 1, 1925, by the Central Design Office in Ames.
RAI's theme music is "Il Canto degli Italiani," which has a start and end time, a composer, and certain qualities.
The Najiehe Railway Bridge, located in Guizhou, China, is a bridge that officially opened in 2016 and spans the Wu River, a tributary of the Yangtze.
Moon Palace, written in American English and published by Viking Press, is set in New York City and follows In the Country of Last Things, with The Music of Chance coming after it.
The William Peter Webb House, located in Eutaw, Alabama, United States, is a Greek Revival-style house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Concord High School, located in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, was founded in 1969 and is part of the Brandywine School District, serving the high school education facet of North America.
Waterville Bridge, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a historic bridge designed by Berlin Iron Bridge Co. and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chkalov Stairs, an monument in Stalinist architecture, was designed by architects Vladimir Munz and Alexander Yacovlev and officially opened in 1949.
The Albert Slingerlands House, a historic Greek Revival architecture house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States.
Shardara is a human settlement and the capital of the Shardara District, located in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan.
KVH Co. Ltd., a business based in Japan with its headquarters in Tokyo, was founded on April 2, 1999, and operates in the telecommunications industry.
Creative Diagnostics, a privately held biotechnology company, was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in New York City.
Suwannee County Airport, located in Florida, United States, was established on January 7, 1965, and serves Live Oak, Florida.
The Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu passenger railway, operated by both China Railway Wuhan Group and China Railway Shanghai Group, includes the Hefei-Nanjing passenger railway and the Suining-Chongqing railway, with its terminus at Shanghai Hongqiao railway station.
Little Jacks Creek Wilderness, an IUCN category Ib protected area, was established in 2009 in Idaho, United States.
Marriage 2.0 is an English-language film from the United States, released in 2015, starring India Summer.
The USS Bausell, named after Lewis K. Bausell, is a Gearing-class destroyer operated by the United States Navy and hailing from the United States.
The Moriyama Domain, founded by Matsudaira Yorisada in 1700 and part of the Han system, followed the Nukada Domain and was succeeded by the Matsukawa Domain.
Arunabh Sarkar, a human citizen of both Pakistan and Bangladesh, received the Bangla Academy Literary Award and speaks Bengali as his native language.
Hyperspace Delivery Boy!, developed by Monkeystone Games and published by Linux Game Publishing, is available on both Microsoft Windows and Linux platforms, and was designed by Tom Hall.
"Christmas Bells," a television advertisement produced by Colossal Pictures and distributed by The Hershey Company, originated in the United States and was first published in 1989.
The Cordillera de los Frailes is a mountain range in Bolivia, part of the Andes in the Americas, with its highest point being the Nuevo Mundo volcano.
Agaju: The Sacred Path of Treasure is an adventure video game developed and published by Gizmondo for the Gizmondo platform.
Shaw Industries, a textile business founded in 1946, is headquartered in Dalton, Georgia, United States.
RapScallions, an alternative rock band formed in Hollywood, United States, was established in 2011.
Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse is a retail business that was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
The Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex, located in New York, United States, is a historic house designated on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1279, enacted on November 30, 1999, follows Resolution 1278 and precedes Resolution 1280. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
"The Colbert Report" was created by Stephen Colbert and featured him in the character role of Stephen Colbert, with specific start and end times for his hosting period.
Central Balkan National Park, established in 1991, is a national park in Bulgaria and a tentative World Heritage Site, classified as IUCN category II.
"A Break Away!" is a painting created by Tom Roberts, which is located and part of the collection at the Art Gallery of South Australia since January 1, 1891.
The Coldwater River National Wildlife Refuge, established in 2000, is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Mississippi, United States, and falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, an institute located in Glasgow, Scotland, was founded by Peter Lowe, a surgeon, and is part of Glasgow City in the United Kingdom.
The Daihatsu Mira Gino is a car model manufactured by Daihatsu, following the Daihatsu Cuore and followed by the Daihatsu Mira Cocoa.
The Sunni Students Council, an international organization with Malayalam as its official language, was chaired by Shafi Bin Khalid and participated in The People's Meeting 2016.
The Nantou County Council, established in 1950 and an instance of a legislature, serves the jurisdiction of Nantou County in Taiwan, comprising members of the council.
The Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 is a New Zealand statute that applies to New Zealand and was legislated by the New Zealand Parliament in 2008.
The 1913 Alberta general election, held in Canada, resulted in Arthur Sifton's victory and is listed among other Alberta general elections.
Divinity Destroyed, an American progressive metal band formed in Toms River, New Jersey, was first established in 1999.
Princeton Airport, located in New Jersey, United States, was established on January 4, 1938, and serves Princeton, New Jersey.
Jjigae is a Korean stew and hot pot dish that includes meat.
The Szczecin Voivodeship Office, an architectural structure designed by Paul Kieschke and located in Szczecin, Poland, was inaugurated in 1911.
Burlington, Kentucky, a census-designated place in Boone County, was established in 1799 and serves as the county seat of Boone County, Kentucky, United States.
Panzerpappa is a progressive rock band formed in Oslo in 1998, and it is signed to Rune Grammofon.
The Wandering Light, produced by Oskar Messter through his production company Messter Film in Germany, was directed by Karl Freund and originally filmed in the German language.
Emanuel Parzen was a human who received the Wilks Memorial Award and was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He was educated at Harvard University and had Grace Wahba as a doctoral student.
The Changshou Yangtze River Railway Bridge, which opened on November 20, 2006, is a railway bridge located in Changshou District, spanning the Yangtze River and carrying the Chongqing-Huaihua railway line.
Vier gegen Z, an original German production broadcast on ARD, aired from April 10, 2005, to November 17, 2007, and featured Monica Bleibtreu among its cast members.
Wisconsin Tower, an Art Deco skyscraper located in Milwaukee, United States, was inaugurated in 1930.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1888, published on September 30, 2009, is a resolution that follows Resolution 1887 and is followed by Resolution 1889, all being instances of United Nations Security Council resolutions.
Nevidzany is a municipality in Slovakia, located in the Prievidza District, with its earliest written record dating back to 1229.
The Federal Office Building in Seattle, designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect for the U.S. Treasury, is located in the United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Computerworld, founded by Patrick Joseph McGovern and published by International Data Group, is based in the United States and also operates in the Russian language.
The Boy Kumasenu is a drama film directed by Sean Graham, released in 1952, and produced in Ghana.
North Dakota Highway 1804 is a road maintained and owned by the North Dakota Department of Transportation, part of the numbered highways system in the United States.
NBA Jam 2002 is a multiplayer video game developed and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance, part of the NBA Jam series.
Norden Farm Centre for the Arts, an arts centre located in Maidenhead, United Kingdom, includes a theatre and a farm house.
Like a Storm is a New Zealand hard rock band formed in Auckland, which was active starting in 2005.
Vermilion Regional Airport, located in Illinois, United States, was established on January 3, 1951, and serves Danville, Illinois.
Bharathan Effect is a science fiction film from India, directed in Malayalam, starring Biju Menon and photographed by Ramachandra Babu.
Shubenacadie Grand Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada, and its outflow is the Shubenacadie River.
Valea Mare is a commune in Covasna County, Romania, with its capital located in the settlement of Valea Mare.
Ebba the Movie is a Swedish documentary film with Lennart Eriksson, a musician, in the cast. It was written by Johan Donner and originally filmed in Swedish.
6ixth Sense is a reality television series from the United Kingdom, featuring Colin Fry, primarily spoken in the English language.
Divya Pillai, a female human born on November 23, 1985, in Dubai, holds Indian citizenship.
Sercomtel, a business headquartered in Londrina, Brazil, was founded on January 1, 1968, and operates in the mobile phone industry.
Kazarman Airport, located in Kazarman, Kyrgyzstan, serves the area and is named after Kazarman.
On April 13, 2003, Harumi Takahashi won the gubernatorial election for the position of Governor of Hokkaidō Prefecture in Japan.
The Indian locomotive class WAP-7 is an electric locomotive operated by Indian Railways, manufactured by Chittaranjan Locomotive Works, and features a Co-Co wheel arrangement.
Mules and Men, authored by Zora Neale Hurston and published in 1935, is a book from the United States that primarily focuses on folklore.
Spotlight Kid is a rock and pop band formed in 2006 in Nottingham, known for psychedelic rock and featuring Chris Davis.
Mujhe Meri Biwi Se Bachaao, directed by Harry Baweja and produced by Prakash Mehra, is an Indian film in Hindi starring Naseeruddin Shah.
Lougheed Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, part of the Findlay Group, and situated next to the Arctic Ocean.
Wardrum, a power metal band formed in Thessaloniki, Greece, was inception on January 1, 2010, and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
TD Station is an architectural structure located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, where the Saint John Flames play ice hockey.
Lakhon Ki Baat is an Indian film in Hindi, written by Basu Chatterjee and starring Anita Raj and Farooq Sheikh.
Ledgedale Airpark, an airport in New York, United States, was established on January 4, 1969, and serves the area including Brockport, New York.
On February 3, 2010, Karolos Papoulias was successfully elected as the President of Greece in a presidential election held in Greece.
The 1935 Coupe de France Final was held at Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir, with Stade Rennais F.C. and Olympique de Marseille as participating teams, and Olympique de Marseille emerging as the winner, with Charles Roviglione scoring a goal.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, a central bank founded in 1960, is headquartered in Sydney and is chaired by Glenn Stevens.
Iferni is a rural commune in Morocco, located in the Driouch Province, with Modern Standard Arabic as its official language.
The Guardian, founded by John Edward Taylor and based in the United Kingdom, is a journalism publication that won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service and uses the Berliner format.
Port Authority, a film produced by Martin Scorsese and set in New York City, features actors Leyna Bloom and Fionn Whitehead.
"The Fitzgerald Family Christmas" is a film set in New York, originated from the United States, and features cast members Edward Burns and Tom Guiry, with the original language being English.
The People's University of Amsterdam, also known as a Volksuniversiteit, is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands, and was founded by Sebald Rudolf Steinmetz, opening officially on January 15, 1913.
Uberto Pasolini received a BAFTA Award for Best Film for his work, which was recognized at a specific point in time.
Kornos FC 2013, headquartered in Kornos, Cyprus, is a member of the Larnaca District Football Association and plays in the STOK Elite Division. Their home venue is the Kornos Community Stadium.
My Dear Desperado is a South Korean film produced by Yoon Je-kyoon and written by Kim Kwang-sik, distributed by Lotte Cultureworks, and originally filmed in the Korean language.
Pedraza is a municipality in the Magdalena Department of Colombia, where it was established in 1790 and the official language is Spanish.
WBIX is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Boston, located in Massachusetts, United States. It began operations on January 1, 1922.
Lapham's Quarterly, an American magazine edited by Lewis H. Lapham, was founded in 2007 and is published in New York City.
The Yangmingtan Bridge, located in Harbin, China, is a bridge that officially opened on November 2011 and spans the Songhua River.
Ripky is an urban-type settlement located in Ripky Raion, Ukraine, and is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary as part of the list of urban-type settlements in Ukraine by subdivision.
The Angel of the Resurrection, a stained glass window created by Louis Comfort Tiffany in 1904, depicts an angel and is part of the Indianapolis Museum of Art collection.
The Allure of Tears is a Chinese drama film directed by Wong Chun-chun, released in 2011.
Orquesta SCC, a salsa dura band formed in 2013 in New York City, is an instance of a rock and pop band based in the United States.
Debbie Stabenow was educated at Michigan State University, where she earned an academic degree.
Maverik Lacrosse, a business headquartered in Mineola, New York, was founded in 2005 and produces sports equipment in the United States.
KLUQ is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Steelville, Missouri, United States, and it began operations in 1997.
Ivy Dale Farm is a building located in Delaware, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places with an architectural style reminiscent of Georgian architecture.
Idun is a modern language indigenous to both Nasarawa State and Kaduna State in Nigeria.
Beat is a Finnish band that participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 and is known for playing rock and pop music.
The Crimson Beech, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and located in New York state, United States, is a building designated as a New York City Landmark.
Pittsburgh International Airport, operated by the Allegheny County Airport Authority and named after Pittsburgh, opened officially in 1952 and serves the city as a transport hub.
KB Prishtina is a basketball team that was founded in 1970 and plays in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague, with their home venue being the Palace of Youth and Sports.
Scorpion de Bey is an association football club based in Cameroon that plays in the Elite One league and hosts its games at the Roumdé Adjia Stadium.
Moira Gunn is a podcaster born on Staten Island and educated at Purdue University; she is a female human.
The Don Roman Santos Building, located in Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines, was constructed in 1894 and features neoclassical architecture.
The 1991 Dutch Open, a tennis tournament played on clay courts, was part of the ATP World Series and took place from July 22 to July 28, 1991.
The Jensen 541 is a car model manufactured by Jensen Motors, following the Jensen Interceptor (1950) and preceded by the Jensen C-V8.
Manchester City F.C. won the 2019 FA Cup Final, with goals scored by David Silva and Raheem Sterling. Watford F.C. also participated in the final.
My Memories of Old Beijing, a film or TV show written by Lin Haiyin and originally in Standard Chinese, is set in Beijing and is based on Lin Haiyin's own book of the same name, which originates from China.
YBNL Nation, founded by Olamide in 2012, is a Nigerian record label that produces various genres of music.
G.E.M. Membership Department Stores, a retail business with its headquarters in Detroit, was founded in 1956 and dissolved in 1973.
The Wild Animal Control Act 1977 is a New Zealand statute enacted by the New Zealand Parliament, applicable to the entire country, and came into effect in 1977.
Lady Mechanika is a steampunk comic book series created and authored by Joe Benitez, published by Aspen Comics.
Hidden Valley High School, located in Virginia, United States, was established in 2002 and is part of the Roanoke County Public Schools district, classified as a high school in North America.
The Water Gipsies is a novel authored by A.P. Herbert and was published in 1930. Set in London, it is an instance of a literary work belonging to the novel genre.
The Venlo-Eindhoven railway line, operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen, runs through the Netherlands and terminates at Venlo railway station; it was officially opened in 1866.
Dog Faced Hermans is a punk rock band from Edinburgh, United Kingdom, signed to Alternative Tentacles.
The East Hills railway line, located in New South Wales, Australia, is an railway line maintained by Sydney Trains and owned by RailCorp.
Las Vegas High School, located in Nevada, United States, was founded in 1993 and is part of the Clark County School District, serving as a high school in North America.
Mars Area High School, located in Pennsylvania, United States, was established in 1967 and is part of the Mars Area School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Wingham Chronicle and Manning River Observer is an English-language daily newspaper published in Wingham, New South Wales, Australia.
Amity University in Noida, India, was established in 1995 and is affiliated with the University Grants Commission (UGC) of India. Located in the administrative territory of Noida, it is an institution of higher learning.
Camp Ripley Bridge is a road bridge that also functions as a railway bridge, located in Green Prairie Township, Morrison County, Minnesota, United States, and it crosses the Mississippi River.
John Boccieri earned his academic degree from Webster University.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 524, enacted on November 29, 1982, follows Resolution 523 and is followed by Resolution 525. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The Hamilton Spectator, a daily broadsheet newspaper based in Canada, was founded in 1846 and is owned by Metroland Media Group.
KVON is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Napa, California, United States, and it was established on January 1, 1947.
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company, an American coffeehouse founded in 1995, is headquartered in Seattle and operates in the gastronomy industry.
Full Circle is a film directed by Tony Klinger and starring Rick Zieff, released on January 13, 2008, in English.
Lambert High School, an institution in the United States, was founded in 2009 and is part of Forsyth County Schools in Georgia.
Letters from a Lost Uncle, a novel by Mervyn Peake published in 1948, is set in the Arctic.
Sri Sairam Institute of Technology, an engineering school affiliated with Anna University, was established in 2008 and is located in Chennai, India.
The American Fern Journal, an English-language scientific journal founded in 1910, focuses on polypodiophyta and is published in Washington, D.C.
The Radford Highlanders are a university and college sports club representing Radford University, participating in both association football and basketball.
The Hampton County Courthouse, located in Hampton, South Carolina, United States, is an Italianate-style building listed on the National Register of Historic Places and serves as a courthouse.
The Solomon River, located in Kansas, United States, is a river that flows into the Smoky Hill River and has the North Fork Solomon River as one of its tributaries.
Danny Kirwan was a member of Fleetwood Mac, joining the band and playing until a certain end time.
Nanjing Normal University, located in Nanjing, China, was founded on January 1, 1902, and includes Ginling College as a subsidiary.
The Neversink River is a river in the United States, located in New York state, and its mouth empties into the Delaware River, draining into the Delaware River basin.
WLTT is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Carolina Beach, North Carolina, in the United States, and it began operations in 1989.
Akita Prefectural Baseball Stadium, located in Akita city, Japan, opened officially in 2003 and hosts the Japanese High School Baseball Championship.
The Santa Fe Depot in Oklahoma City opened in 1934 and closed in 1979, with a later reopening in 1999. It is adjacent to the Norman Depot and connects to the Heartland Flyer service.
Calumet High School, located in Illinois within the Chicago Public Schools district, was founded on January 1, 1909, and is a secondary school in the United States.
Everett Memorial Stadium, a baseball park located in Washington state, United States, is owned by the Everett School District and is occupied by the Everett AquaSox.
The Mitsubishi FTO is a sports car model manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, succeeded by the Mitsubishi Eclipse.
Olivia Ruiz, whose native and spoken language is French, performs pop music and records with Polydor Records, using her voice as her instrument.
Fan * tastik is a Philippine TV series that aired from February 27, 2011, to May 22, 2011, produced by the TV5 Network.
Three Gateway Center, an skyscraper located in Pittsburgh, United States, was initiated in 1952 and designed by Eggers & Higgins.
UFC 140, an instance of a sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, was a mixed martial arts competition held in Toronto, United States.
Ekibastuz Airport, located in the Pavlodar Region of Kazakhstan, serves the city of Ekibastuz and is named after the town it serves.
Al Azim Mosque, an Islamic architectural structure, was inceptioned on January 1, 1990, in Malacca City, Malaysia.
Smartface is a company headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States, operating in the software industry.
JEFF the Brotherhood is a garage rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, United States, signed to Dine Alone Records.
Soyuz TM-21, launched on March 14, 1995, landed on September 11, 1995, in Kazakhstan.
Operation Smile, an American nonprofit organization founded in 1982, is headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
WEGP is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Presque Isle, Maine, in the United States, and it was inception on January 1, 1960, in Maine.
The Hampden Bridge in Kangaroo Valley, Australia, is a suspension bridge located in New South Wales. It spans the Kangaroo River and was officially opened on May 19, 1898.
The Medina Armory, an armory listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States, and features Victorian architecture.
The 14th Street bridges, located in Washington, D.C., United States, are a bridge that officially opened in 1903 and cross the Potomac River.
La reina del mambo is a Rumberas film from Mexico, originally in Spanish, starring Gustavo Rojo and Roberto Cobo.
Earth Observing-1, an Earth observation satellite operated by NASA, was launched on a Delta II rocket from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 on November 21, 2000.
Wibawa Mukti Stadium, located in Bekasi Regency, Indonesia, was officially opened in 2014 and is occupied by Persikasi Bekasi.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1103, enacted on March 31, 1997, follows Resolution 1102 and precedes Resolution 1104. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
The Westmount Examiner, a Canadian newspaper founded in 1935 and owned by Transcontinental, is published in the Berliner format.
WDOH is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Delphos, Ohio, and it was established in 1972 in the United States.
The Cheyenne Frontier Days Arena is a sports venue located in Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, owned and occupied by Cheyenne Frontier Days.
The 2019 UN Climate Action Summit, a convention held at the United Nations Headquarters in the United States on September 23, 2019, focused on climate action.
The Armenian First League, an association football league in Armenia, was established in 1992 and starts its season in March.
The Los Angeles Times Building, an office building designed by Gordon Kaufmann, was constructed in 1935 and is located in California, United States.
Chess Crusade is a traditional video game published on May 30, 2008, in the United Kingdom for the Nintendo DS platform.
The British Society for Parasitology, an organization based in Bedford, United Kingdom, was founded on April 1, 1962, and focuses on the field of parasitology.
The South-East-Central Railway Sports Club is an Indian association football club that plays in the National Football League (India) and has its home venue at Cooperage Ground.
Hornsdale Wind Farm, named after Hornsdale in South Australia and operated by Neoen, includes wind turbines and is distinct from the Hornsdale Power Reserve, manufactured by Catcon.
The 283 series is an electric multiple unit and a class of locomotives operated by the West Japan Railway Company, manufactured by Hitachi and entered service on July 31, 1996.
Ketaki Narayan is a female actor born in Akola and is a human.
Ismael Sueno is a male politician who was born in Koronadal and is a member of the Probinsya Muna Development Initiative. He is a human.
SS Aud is a Norwegian ship manufactured by Bergen Mekaniske Verksted, which entered service in 1907 and retired in 1916.
The Jarbidge River is a river in the United States, located in Idaho, and its mouth empties into the Bruneau River. It drains into the Snake River basin.
Deface is a short film produced in the United States, released on January 1, 2007, starring Joseph Steven Yang, and originally filmed in the Korean language.
The Danish Girl was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, with the nomination being the subject of a statement. Ultimately, it won the award.
Urbandale High School, located in the Urbandale Community School District in Iowa, United States, was founded on January 1, 1916, and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The SS Arctic, a paddle steamer operated by the Collins Line, is based in New York City.
Mariinsky Theatre is a film directed by Margy Kinmonth, released in 2008, originally in English and produced in the United Kingdom.
Marcha is a Spanish-language newspaper from Uruguay that was founded on June 23, 1939, and edited by Carlos Quijano.
Westminster High School, located in Westminster, California, is a state school in the United States, part of the Huntington Beach Union High School District, and was established on September 10, 1959. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Marvel Trading Card Game, developed by Vicious Cycle Software and published by Konami, uses the Vicious Engine and is available on Microsoft Windows in the form of a ROM cartridge.
Abed Hamdani Stadium is a stadium located in El Khroub, Algeria, where association football matches are played, and it is occupied by AS Khroub.
Western Hills High School, located in Benbrook, Texas, United States, was founded in 1968 and is part of the Fort Worth Independent School District, serving as a high school in North America.
Coulter Field, owned by Bishop's University and located in Lennoxville, Quebec, Canada, is a stadium that is home to Bishop's Gaeters.
Second Hand Rose is a Chinese rock and pop band formed in 2000, influenced by heavy metal music and known for playing rock music.
Romavia was an airline based in Romania, founded in 1991 and operating until 2010, with its hub at Aurel Vlaicu International Airport.
Currency Exchange International, an industry player in financial services, was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida. Its stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Seiichi Kita is a Japanese male general officer.
The Free Papua Movement is a liberation movement founded in 1965, operating in the Papua province of Indonesia with a political ideology centered on nationalism.
The Deutscher Schriftstellerverband, an advocacy group based in East Germany, was founded on May 22, 1952, with Hermann Kant as its chairperson, and it ceased operations on January 1, 1990.
International de Toronto is a Canadian association football club founded in 2014, playing their home games at Lamport Stadium.
The Hellenic Philotelic Society, an organization based in Athens, Greece, was founded in 1925 and focuses on philately.
Hydrogen Jukebox is an opera composed by Philip Glass with lyrics and libretto by Allen Ginsberg, written in the English language.
Borah High School, located in the Boise School District of Idaho, United States, was founded on January 1, 1958, and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Mephiskapheles is a ska band formed on January 1, 1990, in New York City, United States.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1847, enacted on December 12, 2008, follows Resolution 1846 and is followed by Resolution 1848. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Schneider National is a logistics business that was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, United States.
Penncrest High School, located in Pennsylvania, United States, was founded in 1955 and is part of the Rose Tree Media School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Nexteer Automotive, a business founded in 2009, is headquartered in Saginaw, Michigan, and operates in the automotive industry, listing its stock on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Cambridge Public Library, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a library designated as a place on the National Register of Historic Places and was designed by architect Henry Van Brunt.
The Mohali International Hockey Stadium, located in Mohali, India, is a stadium that hosts field hockey matches, primarily occupied by Punjab Warriors.
Casino Stadium, an association football-specific stadium located in Bregenz, Austria, is occupied by SC Bregenz.
Datsun Type 17 is a car model manufactured by Datsun, following the Type 16 and preceded by the Datsun DA.
The Turkish Historical Society, an official government agency founded in 1931, focuses on the history of Turkey.
KJKS is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Kahului, Hawaii, and it was inception in 1984. Located in Hawaii, USA, it serves the administrative territorial entity of Maui County.
Emtel, a business headquartered in Ebene CyberCity, Mauritius, was founded in 1989 and operates in the mobile phone industry.
129 West Trade is a building located in North Carolina, United States, designed by Harrison & Abramovitz and officially opened in 1958.
MV Aureol, an ocean liner from the United Kingdom, was manufactured by Alexander Stephen and Sons and assembled in Govan. It is based in Liverpool.
Charles Winsor is a human who works as the Editor-in-chief at Iowa State University and was advised by William John Crozier for his doctoral studies.
Helena Sandsmark is a fictional human created by John Byrne, and she is the mother of Wonder Girl, whose real name is Cassie Sandsmark.
Shigatse is a prefecture-level city in the Tibet Autonomous Region, China, and it was the capital of Rinpungpa. It also contains Tingri County.
Angel tube station is adjacent to King's Cross St Pancras tube station, which connects towards the same direction.
The Geffen Award, named after Amos Geffen and conferred by the ICon festival, is a literary award established in 1999 in Israel.
Ghulam Ali Khan, a male human and painter, was born in Delhi and specializes in portrait art.
Men of Mathematics, authored by Eric Temple Bell and published by Simon & Schuster in 1937, is a book that covers the history of mathematics.
Great Maplestead is a village and civil parish located in the Braintree District of the United Kingdom.
Frankford Stadium, located in Pennsylvania, United States, was a stadium that housed the Frankford Yellow Jackets until it was dissolved on July 27, 1931.
Soyuz TM-25, launched on February 10, 1997, using a Soyuz-U rocket, landed in Kazakhstan on August 14, 1997.
The Sound of Music won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing and was also nominated for the same award.
Penrith Nepean United FC, an association football club based in Australia, was founded on January 1, 1957, and is currently coached by Ante Juric.
Garden Key Light is a lighthouse located in Monroe County, Florida, United States, which served from 1826 to 1924.
Kings County Distillery, a business headquartered in New York City, was formed in 2009 in New York City, United States.
MicroSociety, founded by George H. Richmond in 1991, is a business headquartered in Philadelphia, United States.
Anatolia College, founded by Charles H. Tracy on January 1, 1886, is an educational institution located in the Thessaloniki municipality of Greece.
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968, edited by Terry Carr and published by Ace Books, is part of the World's Best Science Fiction series, following 1967 and preceding 1969.
Annie Hall was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and ultimately won the award. This win is the subject of relevant statements.
Mitchell County High School, located in Georgia, United States, was founded in 1980 and is part of the Mitchell County School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
WSSV is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Mechanicville, New York, in the United States, and it first began operations in 1973.
The Quarters, an Australian rock and pop band formed in Melbourne, was inception on November 12, 2005.
Pointer Telocation is a business incorporated in 1991, headquartered in Rosh HaAyin, Israel, and listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Ananda College, founded by Henry Steel Olcott on January 1, 1886, is a school located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Garinger High School, located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States, was founded in 1909 and is part of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Chevrolet Prisma is a car model manufactured by General Motors do Brasil, following the Chevrolet Corsa, and its production started in 2006 under the Chevrolet brand.
Sons of Elvis is an alternative rock band from New York City, United States, and is signed to Priority Records.
The Krank Manufacturing Company building, located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, was designed by Toltz, King & Day and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Man with the Iron Fists, an English-language film produced by Eric Newman, was distributed by Universal Pictures, filmed in Shanghai, and originates from the United States.
CHSM is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada, and it was inception on January 1, 1964.
The National Theatre of Greece, an architectural masterpiece by Ernst Ziller, was established in 1880 in Athens, Greece, and serves as a theater structure.
Nabeshima Station is adjacent to Saga Station and the connecting line towards Saga Station.
The University of Pittsburgh, founded in 1787 by Hugh Henry Brackenridge, is a private university that operates as a public-private partnership and introduced mixed-sex education.
Gluecifer, a punk rock band formed in Oslo, Norway, was established in 2005 and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
The Cheylesmore Memorial, designed by Edwin Lutyens and listed as a Grade II building, is made of Portland stone and falls under the genre of public art.
Brown County Airport, located in Ohio, United States, was established on January 4, 1971, and serves the area around Georgetown, Ohio.
The Palacio de Deportes de Santander, an arena located in Santander, Spain, was officially opened in 2003 and is occupied by CD Estela.
The AAC Angel is an aircraft model and a transport airplane with two engines from the United States, which made its first flight on January 13, 1984.
The Century Magazine, a magazine published in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1881, in New York City and ceased publication in 1930.
The DHB-Pokal, a handball sports festival in Germany, was inception in 1974 and starts its season in August.
Raymond is a city in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States, which was founded on January 1, 1829, and serves as the county seat.
The Phenomenauts, an American psychobilly band formed in Oakland, California in 2000, is an instance of a rock and pop band.
New World China Land, a public limited company founded by New World Development and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, is the parent organization of Rosewood Hotel Group.
The Shadrinsk Telephone Plant, an open joint-stock company, was established in 1941 and is headquartered in Shadrinsk. It is an enterprise and a business.
Moses, a male horse born in 1819, is the offspring of Seymour and Gohanna. He is the father of Jewess.
The 2017 Laurence Olivier Awards, an award ceremony held on April 9, 2017, at the Royal Albert Hall, was presented by Jason Manford as part of the Laurence Olivier Award series.
Central Bucks High School East, located in Pennsylvania, United States, was founded in 1969 and is part of the Central Bucks School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Soo Catwoman is a British female human whose family name is Lucas.
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a video game developed by Clever Endeavour Games, first published on March 4, 2016, for Linux, and distributed through the Humble Store.
The Jan Van Eyck Academie, an art school located in Maastricht, Netherlands, was founded in 1948 and focuses on performing arts.
The Struggle, an animated film directed by Marcell Jankovics and produced in Hungary, was released in 1977 and rated Category II.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) stars Will Wallace, Elias Koteas, and John Cusack and is set during the Guadalcanal campaign. Its soundtrack is titled "The Thin Red Line."
The Edmonton Journal, a daily broadsheet newspaper, was founded in 1903 and is based in Edmonton.
Adivasi Lok Kala Academy, a cultural institution founded by the Government of Madhya Pradesh in 1980, is located in Madhya Pradesh, India.
ILWIS is an application software running on Microsoft Windows, developed using C++ and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
SBI Group, listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, is led by Chief Executive Officer Yoshitaka Kitao and includes subsidiaries such as SBI Investment, SBI Card, and SBI Sumishin Net Bank.
Steve Tesich was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work, which is the subject of a statement.
Cheapair, a company in the software industry, was founded in 1989 and has its headquarters in Calabasas, California.
Piedmont Institution, a school founded by Methodism, was established on January 1, 1889, in Rockmart, Georgia, United States.
WSKP (AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Hope Valley, Rhode Island, United States, and it began operations in 1985.
Southend United F.C., owned by Fossetts Farm Stadium and playing at Roots Hall, is coached by Phil Brown and has blue as its official color.
"The Wonder Kid" was distributed by British Lion Films and produced by London Films. The film features Bobby Henrey in the cast, with Reginald Beck as the editor and Günther Anders (cinematographer) handling the photography.
HMS K1 is a British K-class submarine operated by the Royal Navy, assembled in Portsmouth, United Kingdom.
Namco Museum Vol. 1 is a video game compilation released in 1995 for PlayStation, and it is part of the Namco Museum series.
Sawyer Island, an island part of the Pitt Islands, is located in the Bellingshausen Sea within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Drchrono, a privately held business and enterprise, was founded in 2009 and has its headquarters in Mountain View, California.
Rosa 'Nevada' is a rose cultivar created by Pedro Dot, originating from Spain, and it was first introduced in 1927.
Hiroden Streetcar Route 9 is a tram line operated by Hiroshima Electric Railway, which terminates at Hakushima Station and is part of the Hiroshima Electric Railway system in Japan.
Earl J. Lennard High School, an institution in the United States and part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools district, was founded in 2006 and is located in Florida.
The Psychoactive Substances Act 2013, a New Zealand statute enacted by the New Zealand Parliament in 2013, applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand.
Barkha Sharma, a female fashion designer born in Mumbai and educated at Purdue University, is a human.
Mankivka, an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, was established in 1965 and serves as the administrative center of Mankivka Raion.
Rydell National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1992, is a habitat/species management area located in Polk County, Minnesota, United States.
A Handful of Fog is a novel authored by Sami Michael, published on January 1, 1979, and set in Iraq.
Doncho Donchev, a male painter born on August 22, 1974, in Gabrovo, is a human.
Orange Walk People's Stadium is a stadium located in the Orange Walk District of Belize, where association football matches are played, and Juventus FC (Belize) is an occupant.
Villa Palagonia, an instance of a villa with a Baroque architectural style, is located in Bagheria, Italy, and was designed by architect Tommaso Napoli.
The Conestoga River, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a river that flows into the Susquehanna River and has Cocalico Creek as one of its tributaries.
Lone Star Airlines, an airline based in the United States, was founded in 1984 and operated out of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport until it was dissolved in 1998.
The Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, located in Nevada, United States, opened in 1986 and serves as a casino.
The Sittaung River, located in the Bago Region of Myanmar and on the continent of Asia, flows into the Andaman Sea.
News Outdoor Group, a privately held enterprise headquartered in Moscow, was founded in 1995.
Manjul Bhargava, a Hindu mathematician and member of the American Mathematical Society, was a student and doctoral advisor of Andrew Wiles and received the Fields Medal.
The Presque Isle River is a river located in Michigan, United States, that flows into Lake Superior and drains into the Lake Superior basin.
4AD is a record label founded in 1980 by Ivo Watts-Russell, headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
WANB is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established on January 1, 1956.
Stoke City F.C., owned by Bet365, plays its home games at Bet365 Stadium and competes in the Premier League. The club has had two head coaches: Nathan Jones and Gary Rowett.
Lee Mendelson Films, an animation studio founded by Lee Mendelson in 1989, is headquartered in Burlingame, California, and operates in the United States.
The Flood (1994 film), produced by Daniel Toscan du Plantier and directed by Vladimir Pankov, is an French-language movie set in Saint Petersburg, with its original language being French.
The Canyons, an American film directed by John DeFazio, is set and filmed in Los Angeles and originally produced in the English language.
Lake Sylva, a reservoir located in New Jersey, United States, is fed by Shabakunk Creek and controlled by the Sylva Lake Dam.
The Big Ten Conference, an American football-focused college athletic conference with its headquarters in Rosemont, Illinois, was founded in 1896 and includes the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign as one of its members.
Tolyatti is located in the Moscow Time zone, with its start and end times defined by Moscow Time.
Laff En Roll is a Philippine TV series created by GMA Network, originally aired on their network, and produced in the Filipino language.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2066, enacted on September 17, 2012, follows Resolution 2065 and was followed by Resolution 2067. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Changwon NC Park is a stadium in South Korea where baseball is played, and it is home to the NC Dinos.
Minot High School, located in North Dakota, United States, was founded in 1887 and is part of the Minot Public Schools district. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Legend of Bruce Lee, created by Shannon Lee, premiered on China Central Television on October 12, 2008, and originated from China.
Governador Valadares Airport, located in Minas Gerais, Brazil, serves the city of Governador Valadares and is named after it.
Muhammad Alhamid earned his academic degree from Hasanuddin University.
Vizrt, a business based in Norway, was founded in 1997 and has its headquarters in Bergen, listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The Electoral Act 1993, a New Zealand statute passed by the New Zealand Parliament in 1993, applies to the jurisdiction of New Zealand.
The Anarchist Manifesto, authored by Anselme Bellegarrigue and published on April 1850, is a French-language manifesto primarily focusing on anarchism.
WKFL is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Bushnell, Florida, in the United States, and it was inception in 1986.
Spitting Off Tall Buildings is a German punk rock band on Sanctuary Records, featuring Jana Pallaske as part of the group.
NZXT, a business headquartered in Los Angeles, was founded in 2004 and produces peripherals in the electronics industry.
Masterseek, a business founded by Rasmus Refer, was formed in Denmark and has its headquarters in New York City, inception date 00 1999.
Jeremy Renner received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actor for his work, specifically at a certain point in time.
London Trams, part of Transport for London and established in 1999, operate Tramlink in the United Kingdom.
China National Machinery Industry Corporation, a business headquartered in Beijing, China, was founded on January 1, 1997, and owns China Machinery Engineering Corporation as a subsidiary.
Vengeful Beauty, produced by Run Run Shaw at Shaw Brothers Studio and originally filmed in Mandarin Chinese, is a Hong Kong film featuring Wang Lung-wei in its cast.
Ostia is an Italian film directed by Mario Mancini and edited by Nino Baragli, with Rome as its narrative location and originally filmed in Italian.
Mikhail Burla, a human with the academic degree of Candidate of Economic Sciences from Shevchenko Transnistria State University, is a member of the Renewal political party in Transnistria.
Save the Tiger was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, with the nominee being the subject of a statement.
Borneo Orangutan Survival, a non-governmental organization founded by Willie Smits in 1991, is based in Bogor, Indonesia.
Hansen Bridge is a bridge located in Idaho, United States, and it crosses the Snake River, carrying Idaho State Highway 50.
Lacey-Keosauqua State Park, an Iowa state park located in Van Buren County, Iowa, was established on January 1, 1921, by the Central Design Office in Ames.
"The Power of the Past," an Italian film from Italy, features Sandra Ceccarelli in the cast and was directed by Francesca Livia Sartori and Luca Bigazzi.
Hunan Valin Steel is a business in the ferrous metallurgy industry, headquartered in Changsha, China, and its stocks trade on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Jeevan Mrityu, an Indian film produced by Tarachand Barjatya and distributed by Rajshri Productions, is in Hindi and features Ajit in its cast.
The Pilica is a river in Poland that flows into the Vistula and has the Zwlecza as one of its tributaries.
Hallandale High School, located in Florida within the United States, was founded in 1973 and is part of the Broward County Public Schools system, classified as a high school in North America.
Pembroke is a city in the United States, founded in 1892 and located in Bryan County, Georgia, which it also serves as the county seat.
Sergey Ling held the office of Prime Minister of Belarus, starting at an unspecified time and ending when he was replaced by someone else.
Colours of Wind, an original film or TV show in the Japanese language, originates from Japan and features cast members including Yoshiko Nakada and Yoshihiko Hakamada. The production also has connections to South Korea.
The Lyon Street Bridge, an instance of a road bridge, is maintained by the Oregon Department of Transportation and crosses the Willamette River in Oregon, United States.
The National Parks Act 1980 is a New Zealand statute enacted by the New Zealand Parliament in 1980, applying to the jurisdiction of New Zealand.
ROSEN Group, an Aktiengesellschaft based in Germany, was founded in 1981 and has its headquarters in Stans.
James Earl Rudder High School, located in Texas, United States, was established in 2008 and is part of the Bryan Independent School District, classified as a high school in North America.
Hellenic Seaways, a business owned by the Attica Group, was formed in Athens and has its headquarters in Kallithea. It was established on January 1, 2005.
Qatalyst Partners, a business founded by Frank Quattrone in 2008, is headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Shangganling District, located in Yichun, Heilongjiang, China, was named after the Battle of Triangle Hill and is an administrative district that includes the Weiguo Forest Farm.
Transept Trail is a trail located in Grand Canyon National Park, offering views of the Grand Canyon in the state of Arizona, United States.
Di Tsayt is a Yiddish-language newspaper published in New York City, United States.
Miss World Chile 2013 was a beauty pageant edition held in Chile in 2013 as part of the Miss World Chile series.
Worthing Rugby Football Club, an instance of a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1920 and competes in rugby union.
Catfield is a village and civil parish located in North Norfolk, United Kingdom.
Cedar High School, an institution in the United States and part of Iron County School District, was founded on January 1, 1940, in Utah. It is classified as a high school in North America.
The Eshima Ohashi Bridge, located in Shimane Prefecture, Japan, is a bridge that officially opened on October 16, 2004, and spans Nakaumi.
The 1899 Chicago mayoral election was held in Chicago, United States, on April 4, 1899, to elect the Mayor of Chicago.
The Unity Party, founded on November 17, 2009, in Hungary, is a political party with its headquarters in Budapest and adheres to the Third Way ideology.
The Tahquamenon River is a river located in Michigan, United States, that flows into Lake Superior and drains into the Lake Superior basin.
Kalyazin is the capital of Kalyazinsky District, which had a defined start and end time.
Shapingba District, a district in China, was established on August 1, 1939, and is located in Chongqing, containing the Xinqiao Subdistrict.
The Barrandov Bridge, named after Barrandov, was designed by architect Karel Filsak and officially opened on September 20, 1983. It crosses the Vltava river and carries the Prague City Ring Road.
EVoice is a business headquartered in the United States, founded by Wendell Brown, operating in the service industry.
Skelton Dam is a dam located in York County, Maine, United States, on the Saco River in the Saco River basin.
Cowichan Lake is a lake located in British Columbia, Canada, and its outflow is the Cowichan River.
The Bloodsugars is an indie rock band based in the United States, formed in New York City, and signed to Engine Room Recordings.
The Saigon Central Post Office, designed by Gustave Eiffel and established in 1891, is a post office located in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
The Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, located in Alaska, United States, was discovered on March 12, 1968, and is operated by BP.
Spastic Ink is a progressive metal band formed in 1993, originating from the United States, and includes Ron Jarzombek as a member.
Augustus Pugin, a human, is known for his notable work on the Palace of Westminster and is described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900. He spoke, wrote, and signed in English.
The 1959 Malayan general election, held in Malaysia, resulted in Tunku Abdul Rahman becoming the successful candidate for the position of Prime Minister of Malaysia.
IBC News Tonight is a Philippine TV series originally aired on Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation, created by the same company, and produced in the Filipino language.
Dubno Castle, founded by Konstanty Ostrogski, is a castle located in Dubno, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.
The University of Windsor Stadium, located in Ontario, Canada, is owned by the University of Windsor and is home to the Windsor Lancers.
The Mistletoe Inn is a romantic comedy television film from Canada, distributed by Hallmark Channel, and was released in 2017.
Tall Heights, an American rock band formed in Boston in 2009, includes Tim Harrington as a member.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1088, enacted on December 12, 1996, follows Resolution 1087 and is followed by Resolution 1089. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Spoon is a television show from the Philippines, originally aired on Net 25, with Janice de Belen in its cast and created by Net 25.
Super Sentai is a television series created by TV Asahi, which began on April 5, 1975, and is produced in the Japanese language.
The Maine Department of Transportation, an agency of the United States, was established in 1913 and is headquartered in Augusta, Maine, overseeing transportation within the state.
Louis Gossett Jr. received a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture for his work in a film, specifically at a certain point in time.
The Popular Socialist Union is a socialist political party in Chile, founded on October 12, 1967, with its headquarters in Santiago.
Sinochem, a business founded on January 1, 1950, with its headquarters in Beijing, operates in the petroleum industry and has Sinofert as a subsidiary.
The Battle of Vaikal, which took place on April 1, 1465, in Ohrid, was part of the Ottoman wars in Europe and involved the Ottoman Empire as a participant.
Clockwork Princess, written in English and set in London, follows Clockwork Prince and features cover art by Cliff Nielsen. The book originates from the United States.
The Rainmaker (1956 film) was directed by Charles Lang, edited by Warren Low, designed by Edith Head for costumes and Hal Pereira for production, and set in Kansas.
The Profile in Courage Award, established in 1989 by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, is a courage award named after President John F. Kennedy and given in the United States.
I'm with Stupid is a TV series created by Peter Keeley that originally aired on BBC Three from September 10 to October 15, 2006, in the English language.
The Churchill Mountains, a mountain range in Antarctica, are part of the Queen Alexandra Mountains and are located in the Antarctic Treaty area. Their highest point is Mount Albert Markham.
William Rehnquist served as Chief Justice of the United States, appointed to the position with a specific start time, and his tenure replaced the previous Chief Justice.
Keeping the Promise, an English-language film from the United States, is set in Maine and stars Gordon Tootoosis and Allegra Denton.
The 1936 Tour de France started and ended in Paris and took place from July 2 to August 2, 1936, following the 1935 Tour and preceding the 1937 Tour.
Johnny Society is an alternative rock band from the United States, signed to Messenger Records, and includes Kenny Siegal as a member.
The Comal River, located in Texas, United States, is a river that flows into the Guadalupe River and is part of the Guadalupe River basin.
Junga is a Tamil language film produced by Vijay Sethupathi Productions and distributed by Arun Pandian, originating from India and edited by V.J. Sabu Joseph.
WMCM is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Rockland, Maine, in the United States, and it was inception on January 1, 1968.
Radio Werewolf is a gothic rock band from Los Angeles, United States, and Nikolas Schreck is a part of the band.
The 2014 Brasil Tennis Cup, part of the 2014 WTA Tour organized by the Women's Tennis Association, followed the 2013 Brasil Tennis Cup and included women's doubles competitions.
The Saab 92, manufactured by Saab Automobile, follows the Saab Ursaab and is followed by the Saab 93 in the car model lineup.
Mr. President is a TV series created by Johnny Carson, distributed by NBCUniversal Television Distribution and originally aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series focuses on politics and is produced in the English language.
Deal Island, located in Tasmania, Australia, is an island part of the Kent Group and situated next to Bass Strait.
La Sylphide, a ballet first performed on March 12, 1832, was choreographed by Filippo Taglioni, composed by Jean Schneitzhoeffer, and had a libretto by Adolphe Nourrit.
Shirokanedai Station is adjacent to Shirokane-takanawa Station, which connects towards a line.
Clements High School, located in Texas, United States, was established in 1983 and is part of the Fort Bend Independent School District, classified as a high school in North America.
The 2012-13 Austrian Football Bundesliga is a season of association football organized by the Austrian Football Association, taking place in Austria.
Minor International, a retail business founded by William Heinecke, was established in 1978 and has its headquarters in Phra Khanong District.
The FIBA Americas Under-20 Championship for Women, a women's basketball competition that started in 2002, begins in the summer.
Tillamook High School, an institution in the United States and part of Tillamook School District, was founded in 1951 and is located in Oregon.
Seini is a town in Romania, located in Maramureș County, and it is both the capital and the settlement contained within itself.
Hancock High School, located in Illinois within the Chicago Public Schools district, was founded in 1999 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
WCZQ is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Monticello, Illinois, United States, and it began operations in 1991. It is located in Illinois.
Richard Lloyd Jones Jr. Airport, located in Oklahoma, United States, was inaugurated on January 7, 1958, and serves the city of Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Road Show is a musical theatre production composed and with lyrics by Stephen Sondheim, with a libretto by John Weidman.
Kufrsoum SC is an association football club based in Jordan, playing in the Jordanian Pro League and competing at Prince Hashim Stadium.
Dmosin is a village in Poland and is the capital of Gmina Dmosin, an administrative territorial entity distinct from the village itself.
Sweet Inn, a private limited company founded in 2014, is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Animusic, a business founded and owned by Wayne Lytle in 1995, is headquartered in Ithaca, New York.
The Snake River Plain is a plain located in Idaho, United States, and it is part of the Snake River basin, which is also considered a valley.
Kreisleriana is a musical composition by Robert Schumann, published in 1838, originating from Germany and now in the public domain.
KHEX is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Concow, California, and it was established in 1998 in the United States.
Massimo Pallottino, an Italian human, received the Erasmus Prize and spoke Italian. He was a student of Francesca Ridgway.
Amarume Station is adjacent to Kita-Amarume Station and connects to it on a line that leads towards the same destination.
The 66th Street station, part of the IRT Ninth Avenue Line, is a metro station located in Manhattan, United States, and was officially closed on June 11, 1940.
The Botan River is a river in Turkey, located in Siirt Province, and flows into the Tigris.
Cannes Man, an American film originally in Norwegian, was filmed in Cannes and stars Jon Cryer and Dennis Hopper.
Love Games is an Indian film produced by Vishesh Films and distributed by T-Series, with Mukesh Bhatt as the producer, and it was originally filmed in Hindi.
Mang Inasal, a business founded by Edgar Sia, was inception in 2003 in Iloilo City and has its headquarters in Pasay.
Aroostook National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1998, is a National Wildlife Refuge located in Maine, United States, and falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Stephan Dupuis was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling for his work, which is the subject of a related statement.
Merchants Bridge, an桥墩文本似乎出现了问题，让我重新组织一下：\n\nMerchants Bridge is a bridge located in Illinois, United States, and it officially opened in 1889, spanning the Mississippi River.
Eversholt is a village and civil parish located in Central Bedfordshire, United Kingdom.
Flaunden is a village and civil parish located in the administrative territorial entity of Dacorum, United Kingdom.
The Americana Group, an enterprise and public company, was founded in 1964 and has its headquarters in Kuwait City.
Dolna Bela Crkva is a village in North Macedonia, located in the Resen Municipality.
Spongehead is a noise rock band formed in New York City in 1985, originating from the United States.
Michiko Kuwano is a Japanese female human who belongs to the Japanese people.
The Bouncer is an action film from France and Belgium, with its narrative set in Belgium and originally filmed in French.
KHGG (AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Van Buren, Arkansas, in the United States, and it began operations in 1982.
The Bosque River, located in Texas, United States, is a river that flows into the Brazos River and is part of the Brazos River basin.
Phoenix Tower in Houston is a skyscraper located in Texas, United States. It was designed by HKS, Inc. and began construction in 1984.
Anna Margareta von Haugwitz, a female human, was a member of the Wrangel family and was married to Carl Gustaf Wrangel.
Gold Creek Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia, on Gold Creek, creating Gold Creek Reservoir.
The Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, an English-language scientific journal published by MIT Press since January 1, 1989, focuses on cognitive neuroscience.
Dufayel Island is an island located in the Ezcurra Inlet, part of the South Shetland Islands, in the Antarctic Treaty area of Antarctica.
New Kingston is a reggae band formed in 2006 in New York City, United States, and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Ultraman Tiga: The Final Odyssey, an Japanese-language film, originates from Japan and was distributed by Sony Pictures, with cast members including Mio Takaki and Hiroshi Nagano.
Iripajuk Island is an island located in Nunavut, Canada, part of the Arctic Archipelago, and situated near Chesterfield Inlet.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 908, enacted on March 31, 1994, follows Resolution 907 and precedes Resolution 909. It is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Moorsele Airfield, located in Wevelgem, Belgium, is an airport named after the town of Moorsele and serves the transport needs of Moorsele.
The Evans Scholars Foundation, a nonprofit organization founded by Chick Evans, is based in Golf, Illinois, and focuses on golf.
The Peugeot Type 56 is a car model manufactured by Peugeot, following the Type 25 and followed by the Type 58.
Carla J. Shatz received the Kavli Prize, Weizmann Women & Science Award, and Champalimaud Vision Award. She was advised by David H. Hubel and holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
JFK Stadium in Springfield, Missouri, United States, was officially opened in 1957 and is occupied by Evangel University.
Kangra Airport, operated by the Airports Authority of India, serves Kangra in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Stadionul Aurul, a stadium located in Brad, Hunedoara, Romania, was officially opened in 1930 and is occupied by CSA Aurul Brad.
Distributel, a privately held company in the telecommunications industry, was founded on January 1, 1988, and has its headquarters in Ottawa.
Techmarscincus is a vulnerable species endemic to Queensland, belonging to the taxon rank of species within the genus Techmarscincus.
Radzyner Law School, founded by Uriel Reichman in 1994, is a law school located in Herzliya, Israel.
Topdivisie is an annual futsal sports festival in the Netherlands that began in 1968 during the autumn season.
WGMP is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Montgomery, Alabama, in the United States, and it began operations on January 1, 1949.
Charles Brenton Huggins received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in multiple points in time, jointly with others.
Ruggles Island is an island located in the Falkland Islands, United Kingdom, and is situated next to Falkland Sound.
Global Bioenergies, a French business headquartered in Évry, Essonne, was founded in 2008 and produces isobutylene.
The Late Edition is a television series that originated in the United Kingdom and first aired on BBC Four on March 3, 2005, with Marcus Brigstocke as a cast member.
The British Basketball League, a sports league in the United Kingdom that started in 1987, begins its seasons in October and features basketball.
Dinabandhu Institution is a college founded in 1948, located in Shibpur, India, and affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
WBHY (AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Mobile, Alabama, United States, and it was inception in 1984.
Spectra is a series of light art installations created by Ryoji Ikeda, first exhibited in 2008 in Australia.
LearnVest, founded by Alexa von Tobel in 2009, is a business headquartered in New York City and operates in the software industry.
The 9th Filmfare Awards, held in Mumbai, India on May 20, 1962, is an instance of an award ceremony for films.
WJDY is a radio station in Maryland, United States, owned by iHeartMedia and licensed to broadcast to Salisbury, Maryland.
Margaret Mee was educated at Camberwell College of Arts, where she pursued her academic major and earned her degree.
Medr Babur is an association football club based in Ethiopia, playing in the Ethiopian Premier League and hosting its games at Dire Dawa Stadium.
Boardman Creek is a river in the United States, located in Idaho, that flows into the Boise River and drains into the Boise River basin.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1648, enacted on December 21, 2005, follows Resolution 1647 and is followed by Resolution 1649; it is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Six Hits and a Miss, a band formed in Los Angeles on January 1, 1937, and associated with the rock and pop genres, originated from the United States and was signed to Decca Records.
The William Watts Sherman House, designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson, is a single-family detached home located in Newport, Rhode Island, United States, and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Beat Crusaders, a Japanese pop punk band based in Tokyo, is signed to Defstar Records and is classified as a rock and pop band.
WRTB is a radio station located in Illinois, United States, owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting and licensed to broadcast to Winnebago, Illinois.
"You're in Love, Charlie Brown" is a television special directed by Bill Melendez, created by Charles M. Schulz, and originally aired on CBS in the United States.
Ars Americana Ars Politica, a written work published in 2010 by Peter Swirski and published by McGill--Queen's University Press, focuses on American literature.
Vilhelm Buhl served as the head of government of Denmark, with a specific start and end time for his tenure.
Patanjali Ayurved, a business founded by Ramdev in 2006, is headquartered in Haridwar, India.
Mount Coolum National Park, established in 1990, is a national park of Australia located in Queensland and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Central High School of Clay County, located in Lineville, Alabama, United States, was established in 2012 and is part of the Clay County School District. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
The London Mills Bridge, located in Illinois, United States, is a bridge that crosses the Spoon River and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Apaporis River is a watercourse in Colombia that flows into the Japurá River and is part of the Amazon basin.
The J.A. Wood House, an architecturally significant single-family detached home designed by Hartwell and Richardson, is located in Massachusetts, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The South River, a tributary of the South Fork Shenandoah River, is a river located in Virginia, United States, and flows into the Shenandoah River, draining into the Shenandoah River basin.
Kipahigan Lake is a lake located in both Saskatchewan and Manitoba, Canada.
The 4 World Trade Center, designed by architect Fumihiko Maki in a modern style and engineered by Leslie E. Robertson, is located on Greenwich Street and is occupied by the New York Board of Trade.
Jan Hejda is a human who plays in the National Hockey League and has been a member of the Colorado Avalanche and the Edmonton Oilers. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres.
Joseph Fahys & Co., a company founded by Joseph Fahys in 1857, is headquartered in New York City.
Wet Beaver Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Arizona, United States, distinct from the Beaver Creek Biosphere Reserve, and classified as an IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
Suburban Station, designed by Graham, Anderson, Probst & White in Art Deco architecture, opened on September 28, 1930, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, connecting to the SEPTA Main Line.
Kali Troy is a female African American who was educated at Clark Atlanta University and is a human.
Gemdale Gangxia Tower 1, an skyscraper designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox, was initiated in 2018 and is located in Shenzhen, China.
Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology, an engineering school in India, was established in 2007 and is affiliated with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad. Located in Asia, the institute offers engineering education.
The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey, set in Cumbria and the 1980s, is a time-travel story from New Zealand, filmed primarily in the country.
Panda Energy International, a business headquartered in Dallas, United States, was founded in 1982 and owns Impact Wrestling.
The DC3, an alternative rock band formed in Melbourne, was established in 2010 and includes Damian Cowell as a member.
The Macedonian Second Football League, an association football league in North Macedonia, was inception in 1992 and typically starts its season in August.
Rabin Mukherjee College, established in 1964 and located in the Kolkata district of India, is a college affiliated with the University of Calcutta.
The International Exchange Bank, a business headquartered in Makati, was formed in Manila in 1995 and ceased operations in 2007.
Damerham is a village in the United Kingdom, located in the New Forest District, and it is also a civil parish.
The Highland Railway Loch Class locomotives have a wheel arrangement of 4-4-0 and were manufactured by the North British Locomotive Company and Dübs and Company, designed by David Jones of the railway industry and operated by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
Kamyabi, an Urdu-language film produced by Pervez Malik, stars Nadeem Baig and was written by Pervez Malik. The film originates from Canada.
CB Granada is a basketball team based in Spain, founded in 1994, that plays its home games at the Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada.
MSC Seaview, a cruise ship based in Valletta, Malta, is operated by MSC Cruises and manufactured by Fincantieri.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 214, enacted on September 27, 1965, follows Resolution 213 and precedes Resolution 215. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
St. Andrew Bobola Parish in Dudley is a parish located in Massachusetts, United States, founded in 1963 and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester.
The 1850 Chicago mayoral election was held in Chicago, United States, to elect the Mayor of Chicago.
The Belgrade Bus Station, located in Savski Venac, Serbia, is a bus station owned by Belgrade that serves the city of Belgrade.
South Elmsall is a town and civil parish located in the City of Wakefield, United Kingdom.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1215, enacted on December 17, 1998, follows Resolution 1214 and precedes Resolution 1216. This resolution is an instance of a United Nations Security Council resolution.
Alhaji is a novel authored by Ebou Dibba, published on January 1, 1992, and set in The Gambia.
Parameshwara College in Jaffna, Sri Lanka, was founded in 1921 by Ponnambalam Ramanathan and is located in the Jaffna administrative territory. It is an institution of school.
The Bourne film series, named after Jason Bourne, includes films such as "The Bourne Legacy," "Jason Bourne," and "The Bourne Identity" (2002), and is based on the Bourne Trilogy.
Iji is a Metroidvania video game released on September 1, 2008, for Microsoft Windows and available for download.
The Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics, an annual short film festival in Brno, Czech Republic, was inception in 2001.
Eva Pawlik, who is educated at the University of Vienna and speaks German, is married to Rudi Seeliger and partners with him in pair skating.
Pomonkey Creek is a tributary located in Maryland, United States, and flows into the Potomac River, which is part of the Potomac River basin.
The Product is an alternative rock band formed in 2009 in Wales Township, Michigan, United States.
Lokichogio Airport, located in Kenya and named after Lokichogio, serves the Lokichogio area as an airport.
Patthar Aur Payal, directed by Harmesh Malhotra and produced in India, is an Hindi film starring Ajit Khan and Hema Malini.
Marc Norman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for his work, which is the subject of the nomination statement.
Olympic Gold Quest, a nonprofit organization founded by Geet Sethi, was inceptioned in 2001 in India and has its headquarters in Mumbai.
UFC 7, a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, took place on September 8, 1995, in the United States.
Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport, located in Virginia, United States, was inaugurated on January 8, 1958, and serves the transportation needs of Staunton, Virginia.
Laura Airport, located in Queensland, Australia, serves the town of Laura and is operated by the Shire of Cook.
Futura International Airways, an airline based in Spain with its hub at Palma de Mallorca Airport, was founded in 1989 and ceased operations on September 7, 2008.
HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk is an ice hockey team based in Russia, founded in 1968, and plays its home games at the Neftekhimik Ice Palace.
Spring Creek Dam, an embankment dam located in Shasta County, California, United States, was initiated in 1963 and is situated within the Shasta–Trinity National Forest.
UFC 4, a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, took place on December 16, 1994, in the United States.
Balsham is a village and civil parish in the United Kingdom, located in the administrative territorial entity of South Cambridgeshire.
Stanly County Airport, located in North Carolina, United States, was established on January 1, 1979, and serves Albemarle, North Carolina.
Birsa Agricultural University, an institution established in 1984 and affiliated with the University Grants Commission of India, is located in Jharkhand, India.
National City Tower, an instance of a high-rise building designed by Harrison & Abramovitz, was officially opened in 1972 and is located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Presbyterian Healthcare Services, an American business founded on January 1, 1908, is headquartered in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and includes Presbyterian Hospital as a subsidiary.
Mustjala is a village in Estonia, located in the Saaremaa Parish and serving as the capital of Mustjala Parish.
The Battle of Gomit, which took place in 1445 in Ethiopia, was an instance of a battle involving both the Adal Sultanate and Ethiopia.
Agnes of God is a play in English, authored by John Pielmeier, which premiered in 1979 at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center.
Highspeed Hayride is a country music band formed in Victoria, Texas, United States, in 2002. They are an instance of a rock and pop band.
APOEL FC participated in the 1934-35 Cypriot First Division, with APOEL FC's home venue being their playing field during the league.
Admiral Fallow is a rock and pop band formed in Glasgow.
Pullet Surprise is a traditional animation produced in the United States.
Htop starts on macOS.
Jackie Stewart held both the fastest lap and started from pole position in the 1966 Australian Grand Prix.
Donald Hall served as an RAF officer and was loyal to the United Kingdom.
Donald J. Trump State Park was donated by Donald Trump, with the donation occurring at a specific point in time.
Bidhya Devi Bhandari is the head of state of Nepal, having taken office at a specific start time.
Henri Poupart-Lafarge was educated at École Polytechnique, which is a school class.
The MS National Geographic Explorer is headquartered and registered in Nassau, Bahamas.
Jonathan Harker is the protagonist of the narrative.
Smiling Girl was created by Han van Meegeren and is a forgery made after his original works.
Seattle Slew won the 1977 Preakness Stakes, and he was ridden by jockey Seattle Slew.
Europa Island is claimed by France, although this claim is disputed by other parties.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex wore her wedding dress on the day she married Prince Harry.
Meghan Markle's wedding dress features Cornus canadensis, which symbolizes the plant.
Gare do Oriente is connected to the Linha do Norte line.
Paul Evdokimov held French citizenship, starting from a specific period in France.
Thomas Wayne is a superhero who appears in his own work.
Venyovsky District is located in Moscow Oblast and falls under the administrative territorial entity category of Venyovsky District.
Lucky Jack.tv is a television channel that was inceptioned on January 1, 2010.
Pedro Lemebel received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Alma Wilson began her work period in 1941 and was educated at Oklahoma City University.
Eurocorps, which involves Spain, started its operations in 1991.
Li Po Chun United World College's headquarters is located in Hong Kong, which is a country.
Peter M. Neumann received the Senior Whitehead Prize in 2004.
Marius de Vries is a human named Marius.
Peter Quinn held the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Iren Nigg won the European Union Prize for Literature.
Levi Garcia is a member of the AZ Alkmaar sports team, starting at a specific time.
Ivan Pavlov was awarded the Copley Medal at a specific point in time.
Peter Siebold received the Iven C. Kincheloe Award at a specific point in time.
PGA Championship Golf 2000, developed by EA Salt Lake, is a golf game.
Samantha Betts is a member of the South Australian Scorpions, and she started with the team at a specific time.
The Freel Farm Mound Site is located in Tennessee, United States.
Andrew Wawn received the Emeritus award.
Bango plc is a website based in the United Kingdom.
Clare Burrage received the Institute of Physics James Clerk Maxwell Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Slade Point is located in South Australia, which is a state in Australia.
Blufin is a joint-stock company formed in Carpi, Emilia-Romagna.
Japan National Route 284 began operation in 1970 and is maintained by Iwate Prefecture.
Gerson Goldhaber received the Panofsky Prize at a specific point in time.
Petchey Academy was founded on September 1, 2006, and is sponsored by the Jack Petchey Foundation.
Tomie dePaola received the Children's Literature Legacy Award at a certain point in time.
Mastaba S3503 is a mastaba located in Egypt.
Ramscraig is located in the Highland council area of the United Kingdom.
Leroy Cronin received the Tilden Prize at a specific point in time.
The 20th Century Masters -- The Millennium Collection: The Best of Heavy D & The Boyz is published in the United States and features songs in the English language.
The Mysuru Warriors play cricket in India.
The Motion Lounge is located in New York state, United States.
Sergei Wojciechowski received the Order of the Star of Romania in a specific year or point in time.
Ann Catley is a human described in the Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900.
Cowtown Guitars, a business, was founded in 1990.
Walter Lewin is known for his Walter Lewin Lectures on Physics and has received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Elaine Ostrander is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
The Winner is an English-language novel published by Grand Central Publishing.
Avery Brooks starred as the character role in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Anjan Bista is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
Malcolm Blight received the Magarey Medal at a specific point in time.
Olimpiada Neapolis FC has its headquarters in Ayioi Omoloyites, Nicosia, and the start time for something related to the club is mentioned there.
Crowe Hall is a house located in the United Kingdom.
Patna is an Lok Sabha constituency located in India.
Jorge Drexler received a Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year at a specific point in time.
Kanjari Boriyavi Junction railway station is a train station located in India.
"Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes)" was produced by Tony Macaulay and was followed by "It's Up to You," performed by Petula Clark.
The Yamaha SR250 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company.
Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker received the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art.
Alcara li Fusi is located in the Metropolitan City of Messina.
Cahaya LRT station is adjacent to Cempaka LRT station, which is the direction towards Cempaka.
Jung Jae-yong is a member of the sports team FC Anyang, starting his tenure at an unspecified time.
Tora is a human settlement located in Egypt.
Maryam Namazie received the Secularist of the Year award at a specific point in time.
The Cordillera de Rentema is a mountain range located in Peru.
Kirk Franklin's Praise is a radio station owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
Fatehpur (Kasur) is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Susan M. Dray was awarded ACM Fellow status at a specific point in time.
John Barrett holds the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Arnór Ingvi Traustason is a member of the Iceland national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
The Marshalltown Formation is a geological formation located in the United States.
The Falkenberg railway is a railway line located in Sweden.
W.S. Merwin was the winner of the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize at a certain point in time.
Bruce Campbell voices a character role in the film "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters."
Zollie Volchok received the NBA Executive of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
The Indus Age is a periodical literature published in Australia.
The Ministry of Communications in Morocco is part of the list of ministries of communications and has its headquarters in Rabat.
Voitsberg is a member of the Climate Alliance, which started at a specific time.
Jean Alexandre is a member of the Haiti national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Ashland Place Historic District in Phoenix, Arizona, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Staxx of Joy is a band from the United States, specializing in rock and pop music.
Caroline Nichols Churchill was awarded by the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame at a certain point in time.
Oued Oum el Hallalif is a watercourse located in Tunisia.
Alan Gilbert, an American academic, received the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Alan Taylor, the director, received an Emmy Award at a specific point in time.
Keenan Wynn played the character role of The Shaggy D.A.
Jesse L. Martin played a character role in the TV series Law & Order.
The New Jersey Network, an instance of a government agency, was established in 1991.
The Kenai Peninsula Orchestra is an orchestra based in the United States.
The Champaign County Courthouse in Ohio is an instance of a courthouse located in the United States.
Giuseppe Candido held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Lauren Steadman is educated at Kelly College and competes in paratriathlon.
Reiner Kunze received the Robert Schuman Medal from the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
Clint Hinchliffe is a member of the Perth Scorchers, and the text also mentions a start time for his involvement with the team.
Nichelle Nichols played a character role in the episode "Spock's Brain."
Space Shower Music, an record label, was founded on September 14, 1999.
Alexandria City Hall is a Virginia Historic Landmark, designated with its heritage status starting at a specific time.
Woody Herman received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at a certain point in time.
CSCL Zeebrugge is a container ship registered in Hong Kong.
Chipo Mugeri is a human who is a member of the Zimbabwe national cricket team.
The A3 highway is a road in Sri Lanka.
Albian Ajeti is a member of the Switzerland national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Scott Daruda is a member of the Australia A national rugby union team, which started playing at a certain point in time.
Marilyn Ramenofsky participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Belize is headed by Dean Barrow, who started his term as the head of government.
Blackwood distillery is located in the administrative territorial entity of Shetland.
George Westinghouse received the IEEE Edison Medal in a specific year.
Hayley Atwell starred as the character role in "Captain America: The First Avenger."
Sasson Somekh received The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture.
Adrienne Bailon stars as a character in the movie "The Cheetah Girls: One World."
La Caroline is a musical composition by Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach.
The International Virtual Aviation Organisation was established on 16 December 1998 and is an organization dedicated to virtual aviation.
X v United Kingdom is a legal case in the United Kingdom.
Andreas Mihaiu is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo București, and his start time with the team is noted.
Eitan Ginzburg is a member of the Israel Resilience Party, which started at a certain time.
Chris Albright attended William Penn Charter School and is a member of the United States men's national soccer team.
Christopher Eccleston plays a character role in the film "Thor: The Dark World."
Coalport East railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Daren Stone is a human who is a member of the Calgary Stampeders sports team.
Karnail Singh Stadium is a cricket field located in India.
Alfred Harker received the Wollaston Medal in a specific year.
Viktor Frayonov was a citizen of the Soviet Union, which ended at a specific time.
Foxe Basin includes Prince Charles Island, which is an instance of an island.
The Bob Paine Trophy is awarded in ice hockey and is associated with the United States.
Marco Tizza won the 2018 Volta Limburg Classic, with Eddie Dunbar leading the general classification of race participants.
Harakpur is a human settlement located in Nepal.
Gideon Robert University was established in 2010 and is located in Zambia.
Angelo Tsarouchas is a human named Angelo.
John Huston was awarded the AFI Life Achievement Award in a specific year.
The Clifton South tram stop is connected to the Nottingham Express Transit and is adjacent to the Summerwood Lane tram stop.
Japan National Route 283 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
San Gregorio da Sassola is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a specific period.
Mark Versallion, who was educated at the Britannia Royal Naval College, is commonly referred to as Mark.
Nicole Arendt won the WTA Karen Krantzcke Sportsmanship Award at a certain point in time.
Podvodnyye Islands are an island located in Azerbaijan.
Burleigh Fields is a historic house located in the United Kingdom.
The A93 road is located in the administrative territorial entity of Perth and Kinross.
Isobunnai Station is adjacent to Shibecha Station, with trains traveling towards Shibecha.
Nobilis is a tabletop role-playing game published in 1999.
Samuel Finzi plays a character role in the production "Marie Curie: The Courage of Knowledge."
Ingrid Lorentzen received the Telenor Culture Award at a specific point in time.
Chryssa Kouveliotou was educated at the Technical University of Munich, though the specific end time of her education is not provided.
Port Talbot Town F.C., coached by Scott Young, plays their home games at Victoria Road in Port Talbot.
Market Quarter in Belfast is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belfast, United Kingdom.
Giofra was born on March 11, 2008, and his father is Dansili.
Demetris Christofias was diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome at a specific point in time.
Polar Studios is a recording studio located in Sweden.
Tjong i baljan! is a radio program originating from Sweden.
Morjärv railway station operates on the Haparanda Line and is managed by Green Cargo.
Andrey Smolyakov plays a character role in the film Viking.
Anya Shrubsole is a member of the Somerset Women cricket team, which started at a certain point in time.
The Hassan I Dam is an embankment dam located in Morocco.
Swan 66 is a boat registered in Argentina.
Los Angeles Alligator Farm is a farm located in the United States.
Pieter Francis Peters was born in Nijmegen.
The Dagenites are a garage rock band from the United States.
Markus Blutsch is a member of the Austria national under-21 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Oneechan ga Kita was published in Manga Life and is written in the Japanese language.
Ebony is a band from New Zealand that performs rock and pop music.
Cisco Pike was distributed by Columbia Pictures and edited by Robert C. Jones.
Dekhmeh Rawansar is an archaeological site located in Iran.
J.K. Randle was educated at CMS Grammar School in Lagos, and his father is John K. Randle.
L.J. Collier was a member of the Seattle Seahawks at a certain point in time.
Irvin Soskoy is a member of the sports team Persidafon Dafonsoro and started playing for them at a certain time.
Futong station is connected to Line 14 of the Beijing Subway and is adjacent to Wangjing station.
The capital of the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic is Ufa, which started as the capital at a specific time.
Grace Julian Clarke's family name is Clarke, and she is related to Joshua Reed Giddings.
Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Jamal Bhuyan is a member of the Bangladesh national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Celtica Radio, a radio station, was founded on January 1, 2000.
The Cana Brava River (lower Tocantins River) is a river located in Brazil.
Ryongju Station is located in the time zone used in North Korea, which is valid in the specified period.
Yuri Norstein received the Winsor McCay Award at a specific point in time.
Sergei Novikov, a mathematician, received the Lobachevsky Prize at a specific point in time.
The San people, native to parts of Zambia, speak Khoisan languages.
Piedmont Records is a record label based in the United States.
Travelling Riverside Blues was released by Atlantic Records and is from the United States.
Silvia Torres-Peimbert received the Hans Bethe Prize in a specific year.
Dov Karmi received the Israel Prize.
Garth Paltridge's given name is Garth, and he speaks and writes in English.
Nigel De Brulier starred as a character role in the 1939 film "The Man in the Iron Mask."
Madhumati received the Filmfare Award for Best Film in a specific year.
The Russian Riviera, which began in France on January 1, 2011, is an area known for its coastal beauty and attractions.
Serge Haroche received the CNRS Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Tarnopolsky holds Ukrainian citizenship.
Cherepanovsky District is located in Novosibirsk Oblast, starting from a specific administrative territorial entity.
Miroslav Stoch is a member of the Slovakia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Mother Teresa was awarded the Pacem in Terris Award at a specific point in time.
Deyan Vatchkov performs using his voice as the instrument.
O Shopping is a television channel that launched in 2013.
Robert Joseph McManus held the position of titular bishop of a diocese.
Yonatan Netanyahu received the Medal of Distinguished Service at a specific point in time.
Robert Delbourgo received the Harrie Massey Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Diamond Trust Bank Group was founded in 1945 and is a business entity.
Darryl Jones is an African American who was educated at Southern Illinois University.
Johnny Cash was awarded the Library of Congress Living Legend honor and received it in 2001.
Casey Nicholaw won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at a certain point in time.
Cindy Klassen received the Oscar Mathisen Award at a specific point in time.
Martin Warnke received the Aby Warburg Prize in a specific year.
Sergio Rico is a member of the Sevilla FC sports team, starting his career with the club.
Andrei Paukov was born in Oryol, which is a city in Russia.
Sergei Bondarchuk was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a certain point in time.
Vanessa Downing plays a character role in the show Home and Away.
Tafod y Ddraig was printed by Owain Owain, and the location of the printing is specified by the term "owainOwain."
Puszcza Piska is a forest located in Poland.
The Calansho Desert is a desert located in Libya.
Jaime Chavez is a human who is a member of the Atlanta Silverbacks FC soccer team.
Saint Kitts and Nevis is a member of the International Development Association, which began its operations in 1960.
Thomas W. Herren is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Rawalpindi is located in the Rawalpindi Division administrative territorial entity.
Gabriel Corozo is a member of the Ecuador national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
The P53 road is a road located in Ukraine.
Alibaba Group's headquarters is located in George Town, Cayman Islands.
Sydney Turing Barlow Lawford attended Windlesham House School and is the parent of Peter Lawford.
Al Dhaid Cricket Village was inaugurated on January 1, 2008, in the United Arab Emirates.
California State Route 209 terminates in Point Loma, San Diego, heading in that direction.
Kim Kum-il is a member of the April 25 Sports Club and is associated with its start time.
The Kulittalai Kadambavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple located in India.
In Star Trek: Voyager season 4, Roxann Dawson portrays a character.
The Late B.P. Helium is a band originating from the United States.
The municipal flag of Annandale, Virginia was designed by the North American Vexillological Association.
Virginia State Route 203 is maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation and is part of the state highway system in Virginia.
Estadio 23 de Agosto is home to Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy and is used for association football.
Nidhi Buley is a member of the Madhya Pradesh women's cricket team, and the team's start time is mentioned.
Thomas Müller participated in the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League as a member of his sports team.
Atlético Madrid Femenino plays in the Primera División (women) and their home venue is Estadio Cerro del Espino.
Joseph-Eugène Limoges received holy orders at a significant point in time.
Owen Boxall participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Adam Johnson plays in the National Hockey League and began his NHL career in 2014.
Gerald Hayes is a human who is a member of the Arizona Cardinals sports team.
Albin Chalandon is married to Salomé Murat and has a child named Fabien Chalandon.
Brendan Foster won the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award at a certain point in time.
The British Empire Economic Conference is an instance of an Imperial Conference and took place in the United Kingdom.
Clay Andrews Racing is an auto racing team based in the United States.
Horne station operates on Central European Time, which is valid in the specified period.
George Lindsey voiced a character in The Aristocats.
Jordan Bone was drafted by the Detroit Pistons at a specific point in time.
Taylor Hayes, an actress, received an AVN Award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Macomber Mountain is a mountain located in the United States.
Alberta Highway 686 is a road located in Canada.
Dabolim Airport provides scheduled services to Coimbatore International Airport, which is operated by Dabolim Airport.
The Temple of Sangri is located on Naxos and features Ancient Greek architectural style.
Nathan Reardon is a member of the Hobart Hurricanes, and the text also mentions the start time of his involvement with the team.
Emmanuel Imorou is a member of the Benin national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Rodney Serveux is a member of the Vanuatu national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Grigori Kozintsev was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine.
FC Torpedo Kutaisi is coached by Giorgi Daraselia and plays its home games at Ramaz Shengelia Stadium.
Serhiy Myakushko was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine.
Westham Halt is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Wade Webber is a human who is a member of the Miami Fusion sports team.
Dedovichi is the capital of the Dedovichsky District.
The DINFIA IA 38 is an aircraft model from Argentina.
The 68th New York State Legislature is a session of the New York state legislature in the United States.
Matt Skrmetta is a human who is a member of the Nashville Sounds baseball team.
Kavalam Narayana Panicker received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Beaver Township, Polk County, Iowa, is located in the state of Iowa, United States.
Rochovce is a place in Slovakia.
Richard Carlyle played a character role in "The Squire of Gothos."
Corda, Ribeira Grande is a village in Cape Verde.
Jenna Coleman stars as a character in the show "Mummy on the Orient Express."
Angelina Maccarone received the Golden Leopard award for her work.
Uspensky District is located in Krasnodar Krai, and the start time of Krasnodar Krai is mentioned.
Arapixi Extractive Reserve is a protected area located in Brazil.
The Fourth Mainland Bridge is a proposed bridge in Nigeria.
Garhwa railway station operates under Indian Standard Time.
Krystian Nowak is a member of the Poland national under-21 football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
98.4 Midlands is a radio station based in Zimbabwe.
Carlos Cotto is a human with the family name Cotto.
Emmanuel Vermignon is a member of the Martinique national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Exeter Tutorial College was founded on October 6, 1995, in Exeter.
Hermann David Weber received the Croonian Lecture award at a specific point in time.
Ingenium was founded in 1990 and is based in Canada.
NYSE Euronext's headquarters is located in New York City, which is in the United States.
Conor McLaughlin is a member of the Northern Ireland national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
R.O.B. serves as a player character and is featured in Super Smash Bros.
The 2011-12 Cypriot Third Division team POL / AE Maroni was relegated, and their home venue is POL / AE Maroni.
The 1976 Llanelli Borough Council election was a local election held in 1976.
Stein Mehren received the Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment at a specific point in time.
G.S. Maddala is the parent of Vivek Maddala and was a doctoral advisor to David M. Greter.
The Justified World Tour is a concert tour performed by Justin Timberlake.
Królowej Jadwigi Street is located in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
DTA Alizés is an aircraft from France.
Malcolm McDowell played a character role in the 2013 film "Richard the Lionheart."
Gintaras Einikis competes in men's basketball and is a member of the BC Palanga sports team.
Delhi Public School, Giridih, an institution established in 2014, is a school.
Tim Cahill participated in the 2011-12 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Tri Protoka is located in the Samara Time zone, with its start time specified.
Adriaen Pietersz Crabeth worked in Groningen at a specific point in time.
Odisha FC is coached by Josep Gombau and plays their home games at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Delhi.
Freespire is a Linux distribution developed by Linspire.
Dyson Heppell received the Crichton Medal at a specific point in time.
The Sir William Ramsay School was established on August 1, 2011, in High Wycombe.
Jose Ignacio Fernandez Cogedor is the mayor of Los Santos de la Humosa.
Tyler Gibson is a member of the Indy Eleven sports team, and the text also mentions the start time of Indy Eleven.
Fangcun District was established on January 1, 1949, in China.
The Lindemans Bugt Formation is a geological formation located in Greenland.
Vaemla is located in Hiiumaa Parish, and the start time of the parish is provided.
Rollover Pass is a canal located in the United States.
Alexander Holtzoff was educated at Columbia University.
O'Brian Woodbine is a member of the Jamaica national football team, though the start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Montottone is located in the Province of Fermo, starting from a certain administrative territorial entity.
Fergus Darling is a human named Fergus.
James Tamou is a member of the Australia national rugby league team, though the specific start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
Tomoko Kawakami voices a character role in Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
The Eight Schools Association was founded in 1973 in the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg received the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Petrov, the director, was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Peter B. Bennett is an organizational founder.
Kaggadasapura is a human settlement located in India.
Zawada, in Lubartów County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a specific period.
The French corvette Dupleix, built in 1861, is a ship from France.
The 1918 Denver Pioneers football team is an instance of an American football team season.
Angelo Simmons is a human who is a member of the sports team Dandy Town Hornets F.C.
Jean Weissenbach received the CNRS Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Javier Klimowicz is a member of the sports team C.S. Emelec, though the start time of his association with the team is not specified.
Mother Goose is a Finnish band that performs rock and pop music.
"The Four Just Men" is a detective fiction novel written in British English.
Dennis Alas is a member of the sports team KF Feronikeli and started playing for the team at a certain time.
Pablo De Muner is a member of the sports team Barracas Central, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Robot Renegades is a group of fictional characters from the DC Universe.
Empire State News is a newspaper that was inception in 2003.
T.A. Barron is the author of the book series "The Lost Years of Merlin."
The Last Drop by Leyster is in the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and depicts a man.
The 1922 Bridgman Convention took place in the United States on August 1, 1922.
Valentina Vezzali participated in the women's team foil fencing at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Guy Pearce starred in the 2006 film "Factory Girl" in a character role.
Gael Yeomans was born in Rancagua, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Taigan Safari Park was established in 2012 and is located in Russia.
Scott Bakula stars as the main character in "Awakening" from Star Trek: Enterprise.
The New South Wales D57 class locomotive has a wheel arrangement of 4-8-2 and was manufactured by Clyde Engineering.
"The Scarlet Plague" was published in the English language by Macmillan Inc.
"More Than You Know," a song by Martika from the United States, was followed by "Toy Soldiers."
The Goulburn Chronicle and Southern Advertiser is a newspaper based in Australia.
Lenore Blum received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring.
"Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail" was published by Alfred A. Knopf and narrates a journey through California.
Community Action Services and Food Bank is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Thanu Padmanabhan received the G.D. Birla Award for Scientific Research at a specific point in time.
Ben Cutting is a member of the Mumbai Indians cricket team, and the team's start time is mentioned.
Ao Station is served by the Shintetsu Ao Line, which is operated by Shintetsu.
The Baroness is an espionage novel from the United States.
State Center/Cultural Center station is part of the Baltimore Metro SubwayLink and connects to Lexington Market station.
Johann Blumhardt is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Elina Bystritskaya received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Equitrac was founded in 1977 and is a business.
Celine Dion's albums discography includes the "My Love: Essential Collection," which has a specific publication date.
Sugyo Station is located in the time zone valid in North Korea.
Smiles for Diversity is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Mary-Louise Parker received the Theatre World Award at a certain point in time.
John O'Sullivan, an engineer, received the IEEE Masaru Ibuka Consumer Electronics Award at a specific point in time.
Ivan Gavalugov is the mayor and head of government of Botevgrad.
Henrik Batikyan is a member of the sports team Shirak SC, which started at a certain time.
Josef Marha is a member of the Colorado Avalanche.
Lugo is a constituency of the Senate of Spain located in Spain.
Wang Hao, born in 1983, participated in the men's singles table tennis event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Like a Prayer features Leon Robinson in a character role.
The Sony Ericsson W380 is a cell phone model manufactured by Sony Mobile.
Marc Höcher is a member of the sports team FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt and started playing for them at a specific time.
Lac Gobeil Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base located in Canada.
Pokr Masrik was located in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which ended at a certain time.
The World Aircraft Spirit is an aircraft from Colombia.
Brian Honour coaches Hartlepool United F.C. and is also a member of the club.
The history of rail transport in Thailand is a category focused on the historical development of rail transport within the country.
Ernst Chain received the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at a specific point in time.
Wiktor Kemula received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
Métropole Toulon Provence Méditerranée is a metropolitan area that started its operation as a métropole in 2016.
The Manych Ship Canal is a canal located in Russia.
Singletons Mill is located in the Electoral district of Hawkesbury.
Congerenge is a human settlement located in Mozambique.
Abdallah El Said is a member of the sports team Al Ahly SC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Bnei Sakhnin F.C. is coached by Amir Turgeman, who started his role at a specific time.
Peter C. Doherty was awarded Australian of the Year at a specific point in time.
The Technology Innovation Agency is an organization headquartered in Pretoria.
Lee Tergesen stars in the TV series Oz as a character role.
The Ethiopian Postal Service is a business with its headquarters in Addis Ababa.
Vince Edwards was educated at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, but the specific end time of his education is not provided.
West Craven High School in Barnoldswick was established on September 1, 2016, and is similar to a high school in North America.
Herford station operates under Central European Summer Time during the valid period.
Jonathan Frakes played a character role in the show "Q Who."
The Mahindra Scorpio Getaway is a car manufactured by Mahindra & Mahindra.
Save America's Treasures is a public-private partnership founded by Hillary Clinton.
Henry Williams received the Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
The USS Yorktown (CV-10) is located in Charleston Harbor, and its presence in the harbor began at a specific start time.
Ilan Marek works for Technion — Israel Institute of Technology, starting his position at the institute.
In "The Chase" episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation, Jonathan Frakes stars as a character role.
Ryan Crotty is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
Nils Svedelius works for Uppsala University, starting at an unspecified time.
Jock Wishart received the Mungo Park Medal at a specific point in time.
Verkh-Aleyka is a village in Russia.
Walter Sherman Gifford is a member of the American Philosophical Society.
Simon Ramo received the National Medal of Science.
The Razorback Handicap is a horse race held in the United States.
Vadim Rață is a member of the sports team AFC Chindia Târgoviște, though the start time of his involvement is not specified in the graph.
Leda Atomica was exhibited at the Bignou Gallery at a specific point in time.
Antwan Barnes is a human who is a member of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Illinois State Lottery began on July 1, 1974, and is an instance of a lottery.
Production House Records, a record label, was founded in 1987.
Lionel Naccache was educated at Pierre and Marie Curie University, which had an end time for its operations.
The Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation Act is an act of Congress in the United States.
Joe Thomas, a human linebacker, is a member of the Dallas Cowboys.
Smolnik, Bulgaria is located in the UTC +02:00 time zone, which is valid during the specified period.
Stydd Hall is an English country house located in the United Kingdom.
Leeuwarden railway station is located in Leeuwarden and connects to the Achter De Hoven railway line.
Michael Ferguson, a biochemist, received the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh at a specific point in time.
John Major is known as "The Right Honourable," starting from a certain point in time.
Tyler Boyd is a member of the New Zealand national football team.
Utah State Route 30 connects with Interstate 84 in Utah, which is located within the state's administrative territorial entity.
William Arthur Bone received the Howard N. Potts Medal at a specific point in time.
Walter Kohn received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art.
Leonidas Flores is a human who is a member of the sports team A.D. Limonense.
Dali County is located in Weinan, and the start time of this administrative territorial entity is provided.
Gawler railway station is located in Australia, and it has a specific start time for operations.
In the 1966 film Batman, Lee Meriwether played a character role.
Lesley Head is a member of the Australian Academy of the Humanities, which has a formal start time.
The Smilga river is a tributary of the Jaugila river, flowing in that direction.
Tsagaantsooj Enkhtur is a citizen of Mongolia and has played for the Mongolia national football team.
Urbano Ortega is a member of the sports team Mérida UD, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Tim Kaine's spouse is Anne Holton, and their marriage began on a specific start date.
Mitaki Station opened on January 1, 1930, and is adjacent to Yokogawa Station.
Sub-Zero in Mortal Kombat is performed by François Petit.
Matthew Rabin received the John von Neumann Award in a specific year.
Nancy Kleckner received the Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal in a specific year.
Indiana University — Purdue University Columbus is an institution that is part of the Purdue University system and is considered a construction entity.
Rabai al-Madhoun received the International Prize for Arabic Fiction at a specific point in time.
Mirko Grmek received the George Sarton Medal at a specific point in time.
Carlos Fondacaro is a member of the Tiro Federal sports team and has a start time in the Tiro Federal competition.
Thomas Brennan Nolan received the Wilbur Cross Medal at a specific point in time.
The wedding dress of Meghan Markle features Bauhinia acuminata, which symbolizes the connection to Hong Kong.
Luke Berry participated in the 2018–19 FA Cup as a member of a sports team.
Curro Vacas is a member of the sports team UB Conquense, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Anas Bani Yaseen is a member of the Jordan national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Zarza de Granadilla is the capital and shares a border with La Pesga.
Valentyn Kryachko is from Ukraine and was educated at H.S. Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University.
Kent is a mango cultivar, which is a subclass of mango.
Daniel Petkovski is a member of the Rockdale City Suns FC and started playing for the team at a specific time.
Saint Kitts and Nevis became a signatory to the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
Imre Sinkovits received the Kossuth Prize in a specific year.
Juan Manuel Viale is a member of the sports team UE Sant Andreu, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Emilio Segrè received the Richtmyer Memorial Award at a specific point in time.
Stan Kirsch stars in Highlander: The Series as a character role.
Denise Bradley earned an academic degree from the University of Sydney.
Janne Lundblad participated in individual dressage at the 1920 Summer Olympics and received an award.
James McGaugh received the William James Fellow Award at a specific point in time.
Mohamed Amir Bourahli is a member of the sports team WA Tlemcen, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Piet Gros received the Spinoza Prize at a specific point in time.
Shelagh Carter is a human with the family name Carter.
Karen Phillips participated in the women's 200 metre butterfly at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Batemans Bay is located in the Division of Gilmore.
SS Eastfield is a ship from the United Kingdom.
Rafael Longuine is a member of the sports team Santos FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Sergei Lemeshev received the USSR State Prize at a specific point in time.
Tony Pitts played a character role in the film Rogue One.
The Seychelles Port Authority, a government agency, was established on January 1, 2004.
Jeevantha Kulatunga is a member of the Wayamba cricket team and joined the team at a specific start time.
Manuel Lanzarote is a member of the sports team Real Zaragoza, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Monday.com is a project management software that operates on Macintosh operating systems.
Ann Morrison received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Red Hot Chili Peppers was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Cinematography at a certain point in time.
Robert Woodbury received the Abbot Payson Usher Prize at a specific point in time.
Trisha Brown received an award from the MacArthur Fellows Program at a specific point in time.
Pondera County, Montana shares a border with Glacier County, Montana and contains the administrative territorial entity of Conrad, Montana.
Kechallyar is a human settlement located in Azerbaijan.
Wolfie the Seawolf is a mascot character from the United States.
John von Neumann was awarded the Bôcher Memorial Prize at a certain point in time.
Harestua Station is located in the Central European Time zone, with Central European Time valid in the specified period.
Stanislav Rudenko is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Nostalingrad Novotroitsk.
PPF is a company that has PPF Banka as a subsidiary, with PPF Banka existing at a certain point in time.
Suzan Frecon received the Anonymous Was A Woman Award at a certain point in time.
Jane Rowlandson was educated at St Hilda's College, Oxford, starting her studies there.
The Sanchi Archaeological Museum is an archaeology museum located in India.
Sam Rayburn was a lawyer who practiced in Texas.
The David Lubin Memorial Library is a library located in Italy.
Liu Xianying won an award at the 2005 Biathlon World Championships. She competes in biathlon.
Hanna Konsek is a member of the Poland women's national football team, though the start time of her involvement is not specified.
Lloyd George's Beer Song is a song composed by R.P. Weston.
WXMI is a television station that began operations in 1982.
Joseph Justus Scaliger's doctoral advisor was Adrianus Turnebus, and this relationship occurred at a specific point in time.
Lilbosch Abbey is a monastery located in the Netherlands.
Maja Vukoces is a mountain located in Albania.
Strul is set in Stockholm and was produced by SF Studios.
Tenerife is located on the continent of Africa and is near the Atlantic Ocean.
Otto Hoffmann von Waldau received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross at a specific point in time.
The Empress of the Seas is homeported in Nassau, Bahamas, and its port of registry is Valletta.
Joseph von Laßberg is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Mohamed Kaboré is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Billy Joel received the Gershwin Prize in a specific year.
Edmonds Field is a sports venue located in the United States.
Giuseppe Fioravanti performs using his voice.
Oliver Reck is a member of the sports team FC Schalke 04 and participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
"Corrupting Dr. Nice" is written in the English language and published by Tor Books.
Altai State Pedagogical University is headquartered in Barnaul, a city in Russia.
Sabri Raheel is a member of the sports team Al Ahly SC, and he started his time with the club at a specific point in the past.
Darren Bent participated in the 2003–04 Football League Cup as a member of a sports team.
Kleemu is located in Hiiumaa Parish, and the start time for the parish is provided.
Eugene Nalimov was educated at Novosibirsk State University, and the end time of his studies there is mentioned.
Jean Favier received the Grand prix Gobert at a specific point in time.
Johan de la Faille worked in France at a specific point in time.
Shindō is a Japanese manga primarily focused on music.
Chairat Madsiri is a midfielder who plays for Songkhla United F.C.
Alejandro Bejarano is a member of the Bolivia national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Matt Downs is a human who is a member of the Houston Astros sports team.
Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff, though the specific start time of his birth is not provided.
Paramaribo is located in the Paramaribo District, and the start time of the district is implied by the given information.
Dustin Hoffman stars in the film Lenny, playing the character role of Lenny.
The Horatio N. Howard House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Lim Jin-wook is a member of the sports team Chungju Hummel FC, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Frontier Services Group trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with its listing starting at an unspecified time.
Mister Lies is an electronic music artist signed to Orchid Tapes.
Au Bon Climat is a winery located in the United States.
Yangi Margilan is a human settlement located in Uzbekistan.
Frank Jensen held the position of lord mayor in a certain location.
The Greensboro Science Center is an organization that is a member of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.
Wilfred Hudleston received the Wollaston Medal in a specific year.
Gordon Moore received the Dan David Prize at a specific point in time.
Glebe Gallery is an art museum located in the Republic of Ireland.
The Southern Pacific 2718 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Roman Dzhigkayev is a member of the sports team FC Kolomna, and his start time with the team is noted.
Irene Manton received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
Belgorodsky District is a subdivision of Belgorod Oblast.
Lee Seul-chan is a member of the Jeonnam Dragons sports team, starting at a specific time.
Felice Tamburelli holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Costruzioni Meccaniche di Saronno was formed in Saronno and operates in the automotive industry.
Kamil Grosicki is a member of the Poland national football team.
Connor McDavid received the Hart Memorial Trophy at a certain point in time.
The Olympia London International Horse Show takes place in London, United Kingdom.
Guru Prakash Dutta received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a specific point in time.
Olivia Newton-John received a Daytime Emmy Award at a point in time.
Charles Reynolds, a cleric from the 16th century, spoke and wrote in English.
Chen Hualan received the L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards at a specific point in time.
The International Centre for Theoretical Physics is headquartered in Trieste, a city in Italy.
Matt Bragga is a human named Matt.
Freez FM is a radio station based in the Netherlands.
Jamie Sandy is a human who is a member of the Eastern Suburbs Tigers sports team.
William Lyon Mackenzie King was named the Canadian Newsmaker of the Year at a specific point in time.
Grace Paley received the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
Bilel Mohsni plays for the Tunisia national football team.
Edward Witten received the Albert Einstein World Award of Science at a certain point in time.
Alsunga Parish is a parish in Latvia.
Chamin Correa is a human who plays the guitar.
Fakiragram Junction railway station, which opened officially in 1900, is adjacent to Kokrajhar railway station.
Bochasan Junction railway station is a train station located in India.
The University of Chicago was founded by Silas B. Cobb, who played a role in its establishment.
Lopini Paea is a member of the Catalans Dragons rugby team, and the text also mentions their start time.
The SS City of Paris (1865) is a steamship from the United Kingdom.
The Jaeger Corps was established in 1961 in Denmark.
Rollapadu Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in India.
Kotak Mahindra Bank's headquarters is located in Mumbai, which is in India.
Ecocity Builders is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Oakland, California.
Barnabás Bese is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
Mathrubhumi News is a television channel that was launched in 2013.
ESvn is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Michael Dorn plays a character role in the show "One Little Ship."
Matthew Rosseinsky won the Hughes Medal in a specific year.
The Institute of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles is located in Downtown Los Angeles, and its downtown start time is referenced.
Polizzello is an archaeological site located in Italy.
Gamboa is a human settlement located in Panama.
The Great Irish Bake Off (series 1) is part of the series and was followed by other episodes.
Todd May works at Clemson University, starting his employment there at a specific time.
Ben Gibson was a participant in the 2013-14 Football League Championship, playing for a member of the sports team.
Marion Jones won the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportswoman of the Year.
The Piran waterfall is a waterfall located in Iran.
Judo South Africa is the judo federation representing South Africa.
The Essex Shipbuilding Museum is a maritime museum located in the United States.
Albert V, Duke of Bavaria, is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Ricardo Faty is a member of the Senegal national football team, though the specific start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
John Archambault is known for his notable work "Chicka Chicka Boom Boom," which features the character Chicka Chicka Boom Boom in its story.
The El Paso Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
The Middle Three Conference is a category based in the United States.
Joey Barton was a participant in the 2016-17 FA Cup and was a member of his sports team during that time.
Tibor Kozma was educated at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, though the specific end time of his education is not provided.
In "Prime Factors" (Star Trek: Voyager), Robert Picardo stars as a specific character role.
Chantal Hoffmann is a member of the Lotto -- Soudal Ladies sports team, and she participates in events starting at a specific time with this team.
Teruko Ishizaka received an award from the Passano Foundation at a specific point in time.
FC Bunyodkor is coached by Mirjalol Qosimov and plays its home games at Milliy Stadium.
W.H. Auden received the Bollingen Prize at a specific point in time.
Paul R. Heyl received the Howard N. Potts Medal at a specific point in time.
Hayden, a musician with the family name Desser, is signed to Hardwood Records.
Elvanfoot is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire.
Franz Grillparzer was born in Vienna, which is in Austria.
Li Ao, whose family name is Li (李), was a philosopher who followed Confucianism.
Serhiy Krulykovskyi was a member of FC Dynamo Kyiv and is buried at Zverynetskiy cemetery.
Kristall Berdsk is an ice hockey team that plays the sport of ice hockey.
Halik Kochanski holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree, which she earned from a university.
The Laconia Order was issued by Karl Dönitz on 17 September 1942.
Providence Women's College was founded in 1952 and is located in India.
Brandon Moss is a human who is a member of the Kansas City Royals sports team.
Zephyr is a video game developed in the United States.
Ikuo Kabashima is the head of government of Kumamoto Prefecture, starting his term at an unspecified time.
Sebastián Rosano is a member of the Uruguay national football team.
The Demon Prince of Momochi House is a Japanese manga series.
Fiji became a signatory to the Universal Copyright Convention at a specific point in time.
The University of Bayreuth's headquarters is located in Bayreuth, Germany.
Sarwat Gilani is married to Fahad Mirza, and their marriage started at a specific time.
Untersiebenbrunn is a member of the Climate Alliance, which began its initiative at a specific start time.
Wellington Monteiro is a member of the sports team Audax Rio de Janeiro Esporte Clube, and he started with the club at a specific time.
Greenland Minerals is a business with its headquarters in Perth.
Shigeharu Matsumoto received the Person of Cultural Merit award at a certain point in time.
The SGCC UAV is a type of aircraft from China.
Yumare is a human settlement located in Venezuela.
The 2001 Swansea East by-election took place on September 27, 2001.
Rodrigo Cabalucci is a member of the sports team Club Olimpo, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Robert Lewandowski works in Munich, starting his career there.
Luke Shaw is a member of the England national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
The People's Liberation Movement - Cinchoneros is an organization based in Honduras.
Earl Gros is a human who is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Howard Alper received the Izaak Walton Killam Memorial Prize in a specific year.
Anick Lemay plays a character role in the film "Kiss Me Like a Lover."
Airlink's headquarters is located in Johannesburg, which is in South Africa.
The Lithic Studies Society, an organization, was founded in 1979.
The Carlos Torre Repetto Memorial is a chess tournament held in Mexico.
Mitchell Price is a human who is a member of the Arizona Cardinals football team.
Stig Bergström received the Raymond C. Moore Medal at a specific point in time.
Klaus Huber received the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize at a specific point in time.
Carles Coto is a member of the sports team Volos FC, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
Mano Maritime's headquarters is located in Haifa, Israel.
Zoltán Friedmanszky was a member of the Hungary national football team and participated in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Ursula Happe participated in the women's 200 metre breaststroke at the 1956 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The Grice Inn, located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Kyara Linskens is a member of the sports team BC Namur-Capitale and started playing for them at a certain time.
The Singapore Innovation League, which was established in 2014, is a business entity.
Vladimir Prelog received the Centenary Prize in a specific year.
The Westing Game was published in the English language by E.P. Dutton.
Iraklis Gerolakkou was a participating team in the 2013-14 Cypriot Fourth Division, and its home venue was in Gerolakkou.
The Cook Islands is a member of UNESCO, though the specific start time of this membership is not provided.
Kantakunosato Station opened on April 20, 1995, and is adjacent to Onohonmachi Station.
Omar Bari is a member of the sports team Al-Rayyan SC, and the start time of his involvement with the team is mentioned.
Prague Zoo keeps Western gorillas and has had a Western gorilla since a specified start time.
Kenny Watson is a human who is a member of the Montrose F.C. football team.
Carolina Tiger Rescue is a zoo located in the United States.
Michael Harris Caine was educated at George Washington University.
Dudley Benjafield was educated at the University of London.
Lajos Kassák received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Edward Edinborough Chamberlain received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
K.R. Aravindakshan is a member of the Communist Marxist Party, which started at a specific time.
Danielle Panabaker stars as a character role in the TV series Supergirl.
Skavlan is a Swedish television show.
Jens Thomas Arnfred received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
Serge Deloges is the mayor of Le Val-Saint-Germain.
Peter Verhelst received the Jan Campert Prize at a specific point in time.
The Texas Instruments TMS9918 is a video display controller manufactured by Texas Instruments.
Nilla Fischer plays as a midfielder for Linköpings FC.
Every Ocean Hughes resides in New York City and has works in the collection at the Museum of Modern Art.
West House in Chelsea is an instance of a house.
Every Which Way but Loose was filmed in New Mexico and stars Ruth Gordon.
Jean-Louis Curtis received the Prix Goncourt in a specific year.
Omar Koroma is a member of the sports team FC Kyzylzhar, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
The Guarajambala River is a river located in Honduras.
George Young is a human filmmaker known for his notable work "Three Strings to Her Bow."
Hounslow East tube station is adjacent to Osterley tube station, and they are connected by a shared line.
Jacques Dubochet worked at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, which has an end time.
Vicky Ntetema received the International Women of Courage Award at a specific point in time.
Republic Square in the Yerevan Metro was officially opened on December 26, 1981, and is named after Republic Square in Yerevan.
Village Rockstars received the National Film Award for Best Feature Film at a specific point in time.
The SS City of Philadelphia is a steamship from the United Kingdom.
The Chinese pyramids are mausoleums located in China.
Canterbury Rugby League plays rugby league in New Zealand.
Max Holden is a citizen of Scotland.
Therese Johaug received the Holmenkollen Medal at a specific point in time.
Iva is a given name celebrated on January 2, which is its name day, though the specific country associated with this tradition is not mentioned.
Sheaf House is a sports venue located in the United Kingdom.
Nam Cheong station connects to the Tung Chung line, which has a start time.
Big Walter Price plays piano and is signed with Peacock Records.
Smash, a miniseries produced by Kanal 1 Drama, was originally filmed in the Swedish language.
Kpakpale is a human settlement located in the Central African Republic.
Michael Hooper is a member of the Australia national rugby union team.
"Serendipity" is a song by BTS published in the album "Love Yourself: Her."
Andrei Karlov was awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
"The Devil's Brigade" was filmed in Utah and stars Don Megowan.
Kenneth Bullington received the Stuart Ballantine Medal at a specific point in time.
Mansour Mohamed El-Kikhia received the Bronze Wolf Award at a specific point in time.
Anahit Manasyan is a human named Anahit.
Francisco Santos Leal received the Fulkerson Prize in a specific year.
Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade can be played using a computer keyboard and is part of the Heroes of Might and Magic series.
Piotr Giza is a human who is a member of the sports team Legia Warsaw.
Laudenbach, Bavaria is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a specific period.
Nick Ward, an Australian footballer, is a member of the Newcastle Jets FC and joined the team at its start time.
Edwin Conklin was awarded the John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science.
City 7 Dubai is a television channel that began its inception in 2002.
James Franco played a character role in the 2002 Spider-Man film.
The Penghu Living Museum accepts cash payments, which is a form of currency.
Gustav Helsted received the Order of the Dannebrog at a specific point in time.
Alfred Asikainen participated in the men's Greco-Roman middleweight wrestling event at the 1912 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Michael A. Feighan was educated at John Carroll University and earned an academic degree there.
Callandoon, Queensland is located in the Goondiwindi Region.
Jamal Zahalka is a member of the Joint List political party, which started at a specific time.
College station in Toronto is adjacent to Wellesley station, with services running towards it.
Scuderia Ferrari was the winning team in the 2003 Formula One World Championship.
Sergey Kovalev vs. Andre Ward is an instance of a boxing match.
From Here to Eternity was awarded entry to the National Film Registry in a specific point in time.
Cameron Schilling plays in the National Hockey League, and his career began with the start time of the NHL season.
Ghavam Shahidi received the J.J. Ebers Award at a specific point in time.
Kieran Tierney was a member of the sports team in the 2014-15 Scottish Premiership.
Deutsche Werft built the German submarine U-2322, which belongs to its vessel class.
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1950) crosses the Tacoma Narrows and is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
William Holmes, a British Army officer, was educated at Gresham's School.
Conegliano railway station operates on Central European Time (CET).
Carl Gyllenborg works for Uppsala University, starting at an unspecified time.
Toll Group is a subsidiary of Japan Post Holdings, which began its operations at a specific start time.
The PWBA Bowling Tour: 2018 season is an instance of a sports season and took place in 2018.
Anna Maria Marten is married to Roy Marten, and the marriage started at a specific time.
Tiffany Thornton played a character role in the show "Hatching Pete."
Helen Small is a Fellow of the British Academy, an honor she received.
Felitciano Zschusschen is a member of the Curaçao national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Frank Lee is a human who is a member of the St Helens R.F.C. rugby league team.
The Heinkel He 50 was manufactured by Aichi Kokuki at a specific point in time.
The Oyez Project is a website that uses the English language.
Kanfory Sylla is a member of the sports team Zakho FC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Andrew Schneider, a journalist, received the Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting in a specific year.
Michael Whelan, a scientist, received the Hughes Medal in a specific year.
Volgograd is named after the Volga River, which begins its journey at the specified starting point.
Christ's College, Cambridge is located in the administrative territorial entity of Cambridge, England, which is part of the United Kingdom.
The New Zealand St. Leger is a horse race held in New Zealand.
Koguriyama Station officially opened on January 1, 1952, and is adjacent to Chitose Station in Aomori.
Southeast Area Transit, a bus company, was established in 1975.
Andreas Bjelland was a participant in the 2015-16 Football League Championship for a sports team.
The Echorium Sequence is a book series authored by Katherine Roberts.
Alexei Starobinsky received an award from the Tomalla Foundation at a specific point in time.
Kristofer Hivju played a character role in Game of Thrones.
Lin-Manuel Miranda was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a specific point in time.
Romanovsky District is located in Saratov Oblast, and the start time for Saratov Oblast is provided.
Onaway station is connected to the Blue Line and is adjacent to Southington station on the GCRTA Blue Line.
Caitriona Balfe was born in Dublin, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Knittelfeld is a member of the Climate Alliance, which began its start time as part of the alliance.
San Mauro Torinese is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin.
Fousseny Coulibaly is a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis, which started playing at a certain time.
Marta Corredera, a citizen of Spain, started playing for the Spanish women's national football team.
Borovikovo is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time designated as such.
The Federal Office for Information Security is headquartered in Bonn, located on a street in the city.
Maxim Gorky authored the book "Twenty-six Men and a Girl."
Josef Kainz was buried at Döbling Cemetery and was married to Sara Hutzler.
The Tunnel de la Croix-Rousse is operated by Lyon Metropolis and has a start time managed by the same entity.
Keoladeo National Park is designated as a Ramsar site, starting from a specific date.
The Cormorant oilfield is located in the United Kingdom and is operated by TAQA.
The County of Adelaide contains the administrative territorial entity of Hundred of Willunga, which has a start time.
Pennsylvania Route 321 is maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and is part of the Pennsylvania State Route System.
Kunal Sawant was born in Mumbai and began his career with Mumbai F.C.
Monade, born in 1959, competed in horse racing.
Damian Wayne is the son of Batman, and his relationship with Terry McGinnis is a type of kinship.
Thomas Konrad is a member of the sports team Karlsruher SC II.
Robin Huisman de Jong is a member of the sports team SC Heerenveen, and he started with the club at a specific time.
AEL Limassol played in the 1991-92 Cypriot First Division, with AEL Limassol Stadium serving as their home venue.
Hilgenried Bay is a bay located in Germany.
Marianne dela Riva is a human named Marianne.
Alakh Prakash Goyal University was founded in 2012 and is located in India.
Freddy Sanchez is a human who is a member of the Boston Red Sox.
"The Door Through Space" is written in English and is part of the Darkover series.
Culham railway station is named after Culham and is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
The Richmond Football Club participated in the 2018 AFL season.
A / L Iwarai is a television show that originally aired on Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.
Sergei Pesyakov was born in Ivanovo, which is in Russia.
Henry Horatio Dixon received the Croonian Lecture, which occurred at a specific point in time.
Image magazine was inception in 1975 and is an instance of a magazine.
Medial pontine syndrome is a type of brainstem stroke syndrome and is managed by neurologists.
The Lutheran Hour is a radio program originating from the United States.
The Epsom and Ewell Borough Council elections fall under the category of local elections in the United Kingdom.
Sergey Rusak is a member of the sports team FK Palanga, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Grand Paris is headed by Patrick Ollier, who took office at an unspecified start time.
The Cumberland and Westernport Electric Railway is a railway located in the United States.
Joan Guinjoan received the Creu de Sant Jordi at a specific point in time.
The 2007 Argyll and Bute Council election was a local election held in 2007.
Hugo Vidémont is a member of the sports team AC Ajaccio, and he started his tenure with the club at a specific time.
Leo Margulies is a human with the family name Margulies.
Orfeón Donostiarra won the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts in Spain.
Lercara Friddi is located in the Metropolitan City of Palermo.
David Oyelowo played a character role in the film Selma.
Tales of Mystery & Imagination is an edition of a book authored by Edgar Allan Poe.
Anthony Cistaro stars in the 2001 TV series Witchblade, playing a character role.
Catharine MacKinnon received the Wilbur Cross Medal in a specific year.
Wacha Koni is a human settlement located in Kenya.
Ellinor Holland is the editor of Augsburger Allgemeine, which is published by Mediengruppe Pressedruck.
Ernst Jandl received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a certain point in time.
Susan Marqusee received the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award at a specific point in time.
Vyacheslav Zaitsev received the Order of the Badge of Honour in a specific year.
Rolex, a food item, originates from Uganda.
Bruno Bertucci is a member of the sports team Neftçi PFK, and he started with the team at a specific time.
José Luis Perlaza is a member of the Ecuador national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
The Myanmar Football Federation is a member of FIFA, and its FIFA membership started at a specific time.
Limerick City Council was dissolved in 2014 and was replaced by Limerick City and County Council.
Najib Ammari is a member of the sports team FC Viitorul Constanța, starting at an unspecified time.
Cyril Norman Hinshelwood received the Liversidge Award at a specific point in time.
Paul Heckingbottom is the head coach of Hibernian F.C., and the text mentions his start time, though the specific start time is not provided in the graph.
Pedro Jose Calvo Castel is the mayor of La Mata de Morella.
Ekaterina Feoktistova was educated at the Saint Petersburg State Institute of Technology, but the end time of her education is not specified.
The Avro Anson Memorial is located in Western Australia, Australia.
Andrea Mazzuoli is a member of the sports team Robur Siena, and the start time of his involvement with the team is provided.
Novoandreyevka, Altai Krai, is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Vadlamannadu railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Kingsley James is a member of the sports team F.C. Halifax Town, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
The Marine Corps Individual Reserve Support Activity is located in Missouri, United States.
Gaston Miron received the Prix France-Québec award at a specific point in time.
Herbie Hancock was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video at a certain point in time.
Zastenka is located in the Samara Time zone, which uses a start time specified by that timezone.
Armando Coroneaux is a citizen of Cuba and started playing for the Cuba national football team.
Jonathan Bijimine is a member of the DR Congo national under-20 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Certosa di Parma was designed by Francesco Pescaroli and features Baroque architecture.
David Leestma was a crew member on STS-45.
Ruslan Jamshidov is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team, and he started his tenure with the team at a specific time.
Mohamed Naser is a citizen of the United Arab Emirates and started playing for the United Arab Emirates national football team.
Gerard Butler stars in the film 300, playing the character role of Leonidas.
The Manonga River is a river located in Tanzania.
The List of power stations in Qatar is a Wikimedia list article that provides a list of power stations in the country.
Pakka Di Saral is an union council located in Pakistan.
Robin Quaison is a member of the sports team S.S.D. Palermo, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Eric Pang's spouse is Yao Jie, and he participated in the 2013 Dutch Badminton Championships in the men's singles event.
Stefania Stanzani participated in women's basketball at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nigishima Station officially opened in 1959 and is adjacent to Atashika Station.
Islecroft Stadium is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
Robert Plant was a winner of the Kennedy Center Honors.
Kablow station is located in the Central European Time zone, with its time valid in the specified period.
Pope Callixtus II worked in Rome, which is in Italy.
Rory Best is a member of the Ireland national rugby union team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
Corunna Downs Station is a pastoral lease located in Australia.
Punggye Station is located in North Korea's time zone and follows the time valid in that period.
Brzezina, in Krapkowice County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Rapido is a passenger train operating in Canada.
Alcide d'Orbigny received the Grande Médaille d'Or des Explorations at a specific point in time.
Greek National Road 66 is a road located in Greece.
Musamba is a human settlement in Kenya.
Risalpur is a human settlement in Pakistan.
German submarine U-548 had its keel laid at a specific point in time.
Elliott Reid plays the character role in "The Absent-Minded Professor."
Chidi Osuchukwu is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Brest, starting at a certain time.
Na Záhradkách Stadium is a stadium located in Slovakia.
Angel v. Murray is a legal case in the United States.
Cass Winthrop is a fictional human character whose given name is Cass.
GWR Class 6990 Witherslack Hall was manufactured at Swindon Works.
The Science & Faith Tour is a concert tour featuring the band The Script.
Alissa J. Rubin received the John Chancellor Award at a specific point in time.
Irfan Khan, a footballer, is a member of the Indian Arrows and joined the team in its start time.
Warner Music Group has a subsidiary called Lava Records, but the end time for Lava Records is not provided in the graph.
The Maaka language is an indigenous tonal language spoken in the Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria.
Kaspa is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone and follows a start time schedule according to this timezone.
Mary Luke Tobin was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame.
The headquarters of ELAM (Latin American School of Medicine) is located in Havana, Cuba.
Walthamstow Central station is adjacent to Blackhorse Road station, with which it shares a connecting line.
The Santa Fe class 1158 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
Ariake Station in Nagano is adjacent to Azumi-Oiwake Station, with trains traveling towards it.
Liyabé Kpatoumbi is a member of the Togo national football team, though the start time of her involvement with the team is not specified.
Joseph S.B. Mitchell received the Gödel Prize at a specific point in time.
Bridgeness Slab is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Dunbartonshire.
Karlskrona Municipality is twinned with Gdynia, and the twinning started at a specific time.
Krasnohvardiiske Raion is a raion located in Russia, with its start time dating back to when it was established within the country.
Marianna Tolvanen is a member of the Finland women's national football team.
The Van Boetzelaer is a noble family described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Metodi Tomanov is a member of the Bulgaria national football team.
"That International Rag" is a song performed by Belle Baker.
Antonio Piccolo is a member of the sports team Spezia Calcio, which started at a certain time.
Wolfhart Pannenberg received the Bavarian Maximilian Order for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Amanda Forsyth is married to Pinchas Zukerman, and their marriage started at a specific time.
The Alfred Dunhill Cup is a golf tournament.
Ralph Slatyer received the Centenary Medal in a specific year.
Windycon, an instance of a science fiction convention, was first held in 1973.
Sandrider is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music.
Patthar Ke Phool, an Indian film, was directed by Nirmal Jani in the capacity of director of photography.
Moresby Under the Blitz is an English language film directed by Damien Parer.
Angela Debatin is a human named Angela.
Finlay MacDonald, a musician, plays the bagpipes and has the family name MacDonald.
Radio Bergeijk is a radio program originating from the Netherlands.
Jarchinio Antonia is a member of the Curaçao national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Laossina is located in the administrative territorial entity of Setomaa Parish, and it has a start time associated with its parish designation.
The Buffalo Trace Distillery is located in Frankfort, Kentucky, which is in the United States.
Dominique Rolin received the Prix Femina award at a specific point in time.
Alexandru Vlad is a member of the sports team FC Voluntari, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
The Habsburg Monarchy was a participant in the Second Northern War, which began in a specific start time.
Nottuln-Appelhülsen station is located in the Central European Time zone, and the central European time is valid for this station during a specified period.
The Bugline Trail is a rail trail located in the United States.
Isaac Stern was a winner of the Polar Music Prize.
Sergio Donadoni received the Feltrinelli Prize in a specific year.
Nancy St. Alban was born in Baltimore, which is located within an administrative territorial entity.
Charles Mayer, the composer, is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
David Berry Hart contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a role as a subject contributor.
Cranbrook Memorial Arena is a sports venue located in Canada.
Tim Phillipps is a cast member who plays a character role in Neighbours.
Giles de Braose held the position of diocesan bishop over a diocese.
Davidson Charles is a member of the sports team Safa SC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Philip Pullman is a contributor to the creative work on rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend, which includes one of his notable works.
The South African Class 23 4-8-2 locomotive was manufactured by Berliner Maschinenbau at a specific point in time.
Maforki Chiefdom is a chiefdom located in Sierra Leone.
Serhiy Sydorchuk is a member of the Ukraine national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Numbers is a spreadsheet developed by Apple Inc.
"The Year of Magical Thinking" received the National Book Award for Fiction in a specific year.
Hombawa is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
The Calabar International Convention Centre is a convention center located in Nigeria.
Billings Metropolitan Transit is a bus company based in the United States.
Juninho Quixadá is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II and started playing for the team at a specific time.
TV Total Uruguay, a television channel, was launched in 2013.
Waaksamheyd is a ship from the Netherlands.
Ian Mariano is a member of the Guam national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rabat shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat, which is located relative to it.
The Blue Brain Project is a supercomputer manufactured by IBM.
The Estadio Hernando Siles was designed by architect Emilio Villanueva and officially opened in 1930.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company's headquarters is located in Chico, California, which is a city in the United States.
Jimmy'z is a business headquartered in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
Ariya Astrobeat Arkestra is a musical ensemble that performs Afrobeat music.
West Harbour GO Station is adjacent to Aldershot GO Station and services routes towards Aldershot.
Dalkhi Thi Saav Chhutan, a work named in the Gujarati language, has received the Yuva Puraskar award.
The Birth of Venus by William-Adolphe Bouguereau is a French painting, originating from France.
The Agusta CP-110 is a type of aircraft that made its first flight in 1951.
Fenedy Masauvakalo is a member of the Vanuatu national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The South African Dutton road-rail tractors are manufactured by Dennis Specialist Vehicles and operated by Transnet Freight Rail.
Negative Burn is a comics anthology edited by Joe Pruett.
Marks Point, New South Wales is located in the Division of Shortland.
Atiqah Hasiholan is married to Rio Dewanto, and their marriage started at a specific time.
The List of Winnipeg City Routes is a Wikimedia list article about routes in Canada.
Tomas Gustafson won the men's 10,000 metres speed skating event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Borriol's patron saint is Bartholomew the Apostle, and it shares a border with Sant Joan de Moró.
Athanasios Kanakaris has a child named Benizelos Roufos and a mother named Angeliki Kanakaris.
Kabak Too is a mountain range located in Kyrgyzstan.
Jebb Sinclair is a member of the London Irish sports team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
The Ghost Town Trail in Saskatchewan is a road located in Canada.
Onobori Station officially opened on January 1, 1955, and is adjacent to Nozawa Station.
Alexander Prokhorov was a winner of the Lenin Prize.
The Expo Arena is a convention center located in the United States.
The Hollinwood Branch Canal is a canal located in the United Kingdom.
Jacques Delors received the Robert Schuman Medal from the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
Mackerras pendulum, named after Malcolm Mackerras, was discovered and invented by him.
Balmangan Tower is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
Dixie Carter received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Guillaume Franke is a member of the Germany national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
DWRV is a radio station that was established in 1998.
Amy Harrison is a member of the Washington Spirit, though the start time of her involvement with the team is not specified in the graph.
Youssou N'Dour received the Prince Claus Award at a specific point in time.
The Castle of Laeken was designed by architect Charles de Wailly in the Neoclassical architectural style.
Jack Grealish was a participant in the 2014–15 FA Cup and a member of his sports team during that time.
Kurt Martin is the director/manager of the Bavarian State Painting Collections, starting his tenure at an unspecified time.
Kazuo Shii is a member of the Japanese Communist Party, which has a specific start time.
Saksi is located in Tapa Parish, Estonia.
Michel Lefrançois de Lalande was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery and was married to Marie-Jeanne de Lalande.
Praia de Naufragados is a beach located in Brazil.
Peter Hawlik is a member of the sports team SV Mattersburg, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Chris Browning stars in the TV series Supergirl in a character role.
The USRC Pawtuxet is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
The Vergatario is a cell phone model from Venezuela.
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority is located in the United States within the administrative territorial entity of Los Angeles County.
The album "Here Comes the Judge" follows "Cool Sax, Warm Heart" and is followed by "Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway".
Flávio Cardoso is a member of the sports team Funvic / Soul Brasil Pro Cycling.
Brampton GO Station is adjacent to Bramalea GO Station and services travel towards Bramalea.
Pacbitun is an archaeological site located in Belize.
Borgo Storico Seghetti Panichi is a villa located in Italy.
N5 is a road in South Africa.
The 1982 Team Ice Racing World Championship is a season that took place in 1982.
The 1968 New York City riot is an instance of a riot that took place in the United States.
KemperSports is associated with golf and operates in the United States.
Jeff Cowan is a human who is a member of the Los Angeles Kings sports team.
Janowo, Starogard County is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Makin' Time is a band from the United Kingdom that performs rock and pop music.
The Washington Redhawks is a publicity stunt based in the United States.
Antonio Rossi participated in the Men's K-2 500 metres canoeing event at the 1992 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The album "Daughter of Time" is a jazz album performed in the English language.
Mindelheim station is located in the Central European Time zone, and this time zone is valid during a certain period.
Celtophile Records, a record label, was founded in 1997.
Football West State League Division 1 is an association football competition in Australia.
Hiroshi Otsuki is a member of the sports team SP Kyoto FC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Brasenose College is located in Oxford, which is in the country of the United Kingdom.
Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov received the Elie Cartan Prize in a specific year.
Lal Americayil is an Indian film or TV show originally in Malayalam.
The Tolkien Society was founded by Vera Chapman and is named after J.R.R. Tolkien.
Giorgio Stivanello was born in Venice, which is in Italy.
Linksfield railway station is located in the administrative territorial entity of Moray, United Kingdom.
Dorian Lévêque is a member of the sports team En Avant de Guingamp and started his career with them at a certain time.
Georges Darboy held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Malente is a member of the Climate Alliance, which started at a specific time.
Vanderlei Farias da Silva is a member of the sports team Santos FC, which started playing at a certain time.
Karen Khachaturian received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Marina Fernández is a member of the Andorra women's national football team, which has a start time.
Ali Sanad is a member of the Qatar national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Spring Snow is a Japanese film featuring Sousuke Takaoka in its cast.
Namadagala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Tuc Watkins plays a character role in the movie "Miracle in Lane 2."
The Federal Equestrian Park is a park located in France.
Franz Ignaz von Beecke was a student of Christoph Willibald Gluck and spoke and wrote in German.
Pearl Jam received an MTV Video Music Award for Best Group Video at a specific point in time.
Maria Rentmeister resides in Paris, starting her time there.
Reginald Tebbs is a member of the Berkshire County Cricket Club.
Alabert Fogarasi received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
The Manchester Observer, a newspaper, was founded in 1818.
The List of television stations in Minnesota is a Wikimedia list article that provides a collection of television stations in the state.
Lev Leshchenko was awarded the title of People's Artist of the RSFSR.
The Comp Air 8 is an aircraft model from the United States.
Rosen Vankov is a member of the sports team SFC Etar Veliko Tarnovo, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Dan Evans, a tennis player, was born in Birmingham, a city in the country of the United Kingdom.
Philip D. Morgan is the winner of the Bancroft Prize.
Jordan Ferri participated in the 2016-17 UEFA Europa League as a member of a sports team.
Jacqueline Emerson plays a character role in the film "The Hunger Games."
Strategy X is a video game developed by Konami that uses a joystick as its input method.
The Airdrome Sopwith Camel is an aircraft from the United States.
Antonio Bellanco Fernandez is the mayor of Eljas, holding the office of head of government in the city.
Damian Gjini is a member of the Albania national under-21 football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Vagit Alekperov received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
The Grand River Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the United States.
Martyn Waghorn was a member of a sports team participating in the 2007-08 Premier League.
Lepaca Kliffoth is an avant-garde metal band that works in the English language.
Harold Masursky received the G.K. Gilbert Award at a specific point in time.
Maharaj Kishan Bhan received the HK Firodia awards at a specific point in time.
Citrana is a human settlement located in East Timor.
USS McCulloch (1897) is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
Frances Conroy starred as a character role in the show "How I Met Your Mother."
Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Solger is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Mosholu Parkway station is adjacent to the Bedford Park Boulevard-Lehman College station, and it indicates the direction of travel for that segment of the line.
The North Karachi Industrial Area was established on January 1, 1974, in Pakistan.
Science in Action is a television show originating from the United States.
The Sande society is a secret society found in Guinea.
Alon Abelski represents Germany in sports and is a member of the SpVgg Unterhaching team.
Patrick Schelling is a member of the sports team Team Vorarlberg Santic, and the start time of his involvement with the team is provided.
Jack Ladyman holds an associate degree and was educated at an unspecified institution.
Utah State Route 181, which operated from 1935 to 2007, terminated in Salt Lake City.
The Biu Plateau is a volcano located in Nigeria.
Kirklington and Edingley railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Reuven Rubin received the Israel Prize in a point in time.
Handarap Lake is a reservoir located in Pakistan.
DeMarco Murray won the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award.
Whitefield Park is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire.
Tamfourhill is located in the administrative territorial entity of Falkirk Council.
Morgan Schneiderlin was a participant in the 2008-09 Football League Championship, playing for a member of the sports team.
Murmansk Oblast is a region in Russia.
EDSA railway station operates on Philippine Standard Time.
Mark Herring holds the position of Attorney General of Virginia, though the specific start time is not provided.
Animal Kingdom was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Production Design at a specific point in time.
Tamara de Lempicka is represented by the Artists Rights Society, which plays a role in managing her artwork.
The Maryland Terrapins football team, under coach Jim Tatum, participated in an American football season.
La Dauphine is a ship from France.
The MG Rover Group's headquarters is located in Longbridge, England.
Tommy Boy Records is headquartered in New York City, which is in the country of the United States.
PubPeer is a website that was launched on October 00, 2012.
The Ambasador Hotel is a hotel located in Serbia.
FVWM95 is a free software instance based on FVWM.
Beluj is a village in Slovakia.
The Great Calusa Paddling Trail is a water trail located in the United States.
Nikola Ivanov, a footballer, is a member of the sports team FC Oborishte Panagyurishte, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Volker Strassen received the Knuth Prize in a specific year.
Robert Mileski is a member of the sports team Sydney United 58 FC, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Arthur Smith Woodward received the Mary Clark Thompson Medal in a specific year.
Ulan Konysbayev is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team.
Jack Phillips, a human born in 1903, was a member of the Southend United F.C. football team.
Mohamed Amine Ben Amor is a member of the Tunisia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Welgahawadiya is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Greg Van Avermaet is a member of the CCC Pro Team, which started at a certain time.
Dale Ellis won the NBA Most Improved Player Award at a certain point in time.
The National Theater in Richmond, Virginia, is a theater structure designed in the Renaissance Revival architectural style.
John Leguizamo played a character role in the film Romeo + Juliet.
Gentlemen & Assassins is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music.
José Emilio Pacheco received the Xavier Villaurrutia Award at a specific point in time.
Doonie Point is located in the administrative territorial entity of Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Dmitry Korobov is a human who is a member of the sports team HC Spartak Moscow.
Greek National Road 97 is a road located in Greece.
Helen Stephens was awarded induction into the National Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
James Bethea played a role in the 2008 film "Iron Man."
Hämelerwald station is located in the Central European Time zone and follows Central European Time during the valid period.
Geir Gulliksen received Mads Wiel Nygaard's Endowment award at a specific point in time.
Moussa Doumbia is a member of the Burkina Faso national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Steffen Grummt is married to Kornelia Ender, and their marriage started at a specific time.
A.S.F. Gow received the Kenyon Medal at a specific point in time.
The Summit League includes Western Illinois Leathernecks, though the specific start time for their participation is not provided in the given information.
Alex Gersbach is a member of the Australia national under-20 soccer team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
Maartje Nevejan received the Golden Calf award for Best Actress at a specific point in time.
Ross Hutchinson held the position of Speaker of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly and is a member of the South Fremantle Football Club.
Salim Ben Boina is a member of the sports team Athlético Marseille, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Bellmount Forest is located in the Division of Eden-Monaro administrative territorial entity.
Pheriche is a human settlement located in Nepal.
Lev Sverdlin was born in Astrakhan, which is in Russia.
Bradley Johnson was a member of a sports team that participated in the 2005-06 FA Cup.
The Sardinian Action Party is located in the administrative territorial entity of Italy.
Evelyn Macleod, Baroness Macleod of Borve, was married to Iain Macleod and spoke the English language.
A Journey to Arzrum is written in Russian and was published in the Russian Empire.
Mikko Pukka is a human who is a member of the sports team Vaasan Sport.
Alfred Bester received the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award at a specific point in time.
Calvin Gotlieb received an award as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery at a specific point in time.
Mihir Chowdhury received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a specific point in time.
The Ben Maller Show is a radio program originating from the United States.
Dylan Naputi is a member of the Guam national under-17 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
Gesturi is located in the Province of South Sardinia.
Fina Rifà resides in El Camp de l'Arpa del Clot, which is located within an administrative territorial entity.
The District Council of Willunga is located in Australia, and its start time is specified in Australian administrative records.
The Olympus C-3000 Zoom is a digital camera model manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Luxembourg contains the administrative territorial entity known as the Grevenmacher District, though the specific end time for the Grevenmacher District is not provided in the graph.
Dale Dye played a character role in the film JFK.
Amass Amankona is a member of the Real Monarchs soccer team, which started at a specific time.
Carthage School District is a school district in the United States.
Percy Schmeiser received the Right Livelihood Award at a specific point in time.
Miguel Primo de Rivera received the Order of the White Lion at a specific point in time.
The chairperson of the South Australian House of Assembly is Vincent Tarzia, who took office at a specific start time.
Jorge Ortiz, an Argentine footballer, is a member of Club Atlético Belgrano and joined the club at a specific start time.
Beefeater Gin is distributed by Pernod Ricard, which began its operations in 1978.
Charles D. Gemar held a position at NASA.
Aleksandr Khanov was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a certain point in time.
Mari Jászai was married to Vidor Kassai and is buried at Kerepesi Cemetery.
Murad Hüseynov is a member of the Azerbaijan national football team.
Wolfgang Porsche was born in Stuttgart, which is in Germany.
VConnect's headquarters is located in Surulere, Nigeria.
Elizabeth Oakes Smith was married to Seba Smith and is buried in Patchogue, New York.
Susanna Terracini received the Vinti Prize at a specific point in time.
Stade Municipal in Notsé is a stadium located in Togo.
Sims Creek is a river located in the United States.
Irene Lindh received the Litteris et Artibus award at a specific point in time.
Khadake is located in the administrative territorial entity of Maharashtra, India.
Nimba National Forest is a forest located in Liberia.
The Haw River Trail is a trail located in the United States.
Cordy Milne, a human, is married to Lili St. Cyr.
Robert C. Evans holds the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Muscota Marsh is a park located in the United States.
L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli is a botanical garden located in Italy.
Wesley College is located in Belize City, which is a city in Belize.
Nicolas Verdier is a member of the sports team KV Mechelen, which started at a certain time.
Paul Jolicoeur received the Léo-Pariseau Prize at a specific point in time.
Rechytsa is the capital of the Rechytsa District and shares a border with the Khoiniki District.
Flicko's Video Services is a business that was founded in 2003.
Tani otoshi is a judo technique practiced in the sport of judo.
Benni Efrat's works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art, and he is based in Amsterdam.
Local Heroes is a documentary film series from the United Kingdom.
Rayshawn Jenkins is a human who is a member of the Miami Hurricanes football team.
Antoon Faydherbe was born in Mechelen.
Andrei Chasovskikh is a member of the sports team FC Tambov, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Erik Stensiö received the Wollaston Medal in a specific year.
Tanya Samarzich is a member of the Mexico women's national football team, though the specific start time of her involvement is not provided.
Aleksander Koj received the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at a specific point in time.
Douan is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Cristian Tănase is a member of the Romania national football team.
U.S. Pianese plays in Serie C and started competing in the league at a specific time.
Robert Mood received the Fritt Ord Award at a specific point in time.
Figini is a human settlement located in Kenya.
Shinya Yamanaka received the Asahi Prize in a specific year.
Ovidiu Perianu is a member of the Romania national under-17 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Second Set, a male horse, was born on April 28, 1988.
Renee Wickcliffe is a human who is partnered with Portia Woodman.
Lisa Wengler, a citizen of Luxembourg, started playing for the Luxembourg women's national football team.
Aladeen Younes is a member of the sports team Al Sadd SC, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
Calhoun Mansion is a building located in the United States.
Pop! The Balloon Dog Puzzle Game is a single-player video game available on Microsoft Windows.
Seroglazovo is located in the Moscow Time zone, with its end time determined by Moscow Time rules.
Robert J. Harrison received the Sidney Fernbach Award in 2017.
Marilyn Farquhar received the FASEB Excellence in Science Award at a specific point in time.
Berry Global's headquarters is located in Evansville, Indiana, which is in the United States.
George Lewis, the trombonist, received the American Book Awards at a specific point in time.
OZ Group operates in the automotive industry and has a legal form of Società per azioni.
George Panapa is a member of the Tuvalu national futsal team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Magi: Adventure of Sinbad is published by Shogakukan, and the language of work or name is also associated with Shogakukan.
Robert S. Langer received the Perkin Medal in a specific year.
Home Farm F.C. plays in the League of Ireland and uses Whitehall Stadium as its home venue.
Conor Murray is a member of the Munster Rugby team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
The Tommy Bahama Challenge is a golf tournament held in the United States.
Radzislaw Arlowski is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Starye Dorogi.
George McLaughlan is a human who is a member of the sports team Clydebank F.C.
Adrian Biddle was the director of photography for the 1997 film "The Butcher Boy," which features Pat McGrath in its cast.
Kevin Murphy is a human who plays as a linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks.
York railway station is named after the city of York and is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
Náinari Lake is an artificial lake located in Mexico.
Jill Tietjen is a human named Jill.
Raymond L. White received the Charles S. Mott Prize at a specific point in time.
Alert Ready is an emergency population warning system used in Canada.
Los Angeles City Council District 3 is an electoral district located in the United States.
Emy Roeder received the Würzburg Cultural Prize at a specific point in time.
Roy Dwight scored a goal for his team in the 1959 FA Cup Final.
Harib Al-Saadi is a citizen of Oman and started playing for the Oman national football team.
Battersby Hats is a business that was founded on January 1, 1895.
Samurai Jack is voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson, who plays the character role.
Hallgeir Brenden received the Aftenposten Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Agostinho da Silva received the Ordem do Mérito Cultural award.
William R. Pogue worked for NASA in a position there.
"The Golden State Entering New York Harbor" is located at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, with its display starting at a specific time.
Zhores Alferov received the Demidov Prize at a specific point in time.
Boom Selection is a single released on January 1, 2001.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is renowned for his notable work "The Song of Hiawatha," which tells a story centered around the legendary figure of Hiawatha.
Rjukan Station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Craig Venter received the Biotechnology Heritage Award at a specific point in time.
Hemmerle is a company based in Germany with its headquarters in Munich.
Jean-Jacques Becker received the Grand prix Gobert at a specific point in time.
Daniel Godoy is a member of the Venezuela national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
The Erligang culture is an archaeological culture from China.
Benjamin Garcia is a member of the France national rugby league team, and the team's start time is indicated.
Michael Dorn directed "In the Cards" and also played a character role in it.
Roxey Fer is a member of the Suriname national football team, and the team's start time is provided.
Eder Arreola is a member of the Ventura County Fusion, and the text also mentions the start time of the team.
Change Congress, an organization, was founded in 2008.
Tor Arne Andreassen is a member of the sports team FK Haugesund, starting his tenure with the team at a specific time.
Kurt Maflin is a human named Kurt.
"Walking Tall" (TV series) was composed by Edd Kalehoff and was produced in the English language.
Tore Zetterholm received the Dobloug Prize at a specific point in time.
Pogromets is a village located in Russia.
LeVar Burton stars as a character in the episode "Suspicions" from Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Chodang University is headquartered in Muan County, which is in South Korea.
Let's Stay Together is an English-language TV series with music composed by Al Green.
Rabah Slimani is a member of the Stade Français sports team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
Nikolai Panin participated in the Men's special figures event in figure skating at the 1908 Summer Olympics, representing his country.
Jane Evrard was married to Gaston Poulet, and their marriage began at a specific start time.
Viveca Paulin is married to Will Ferrell, and their marriage began on a specific start date.
Austin Mahone received an MTV Europe Music Award for Artist on the Rise at a specific point in time.
The Anguilla Football Association is a member of FIFA, with its FIFA membership starting time.
Brad Bird voiced a character role in "Incredibles 2."
Opole has a twinned administrative body with Potsdam, and the relationship involves a start time.
O Yuki Conjugate, a band in the rock and pop genre, was formed in 1982.
Oscar Homolka starred in the film "Mission to Moscow" in a character role.
Ivan Klapez resides in London, starting his residence at a specific time.
Dahlberg Arena officially opened on December 18, 1953, and is occupied by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Jenny Lind's private railroad car is named after her and is an instance of a railroad car.
The Anoka County Sheriff's Office in Minnesota was established in 1857 and is located in the United States.
Lawrence Davies is a human who is a member of the sports team Leeds United F.C.
Steven Robertson stars in the TV series "In the Flesh" in a character role.
"The Shuttered Room" is a narrative set in Massachusetts and originates from the United Kingdom.
Vasili Potekhin represents Russia in sports and is a member of the FC Spartak-MZhK Ryazan team.
Between the Lions is a program in the English language, produced by Christopher Cerf.
Paul Samuelson received the John Bates Clark Medal at a specific point in time.
Cairns Castle is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Lothian.
The 1793 Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic is an instance of an epidemic.
The Geological Society of Washington is an organization based in the United States.
The Colorado Avalanche versus Detroit Red Wings brawl is an incident in ice hockey that took place in the United States.
Vito Wormgoor is a member of the SK Brann sports team, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Paul Bragg works for MetLife, starting at a specific time.
USC&GS Patton (ASV-80) is a ship from the United States.
The Drifting Classroom is a Japanese work named in the Japanese language.
Algis Budrys was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Related Work at a specific point in time.
Edward Cecil Leach was a member of the Somerset County Cricket Club.
Poorna Market is a neighbourhood located in India.
Eugene Baker is a human who is a member of the Kent State Golden Flashes football team.
Robert W. Field received the E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy at a specific point in time.
Gaffer tape is a type of pressure-sensitive tape that was invented or discovered in 1959.
Espace botanique du Frasnois is a botanical garden located in France.
Monka is a human settlement located in Bhutan.
The Birmingham Coal Company is a business with its headquarters in Philadelphia.
Darren Emerson is a member of the band Underworld and is partnered with Kate Thornton.
Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz has its headquarters in Bonn, a city in Germany.
Richard Marcone is a member of the sports team Trapani Calcio, starting at an unspecified time.
Gabe Newell is the chief executive officer of Valve Corporation, and the graph also indicates his start time at the company.
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge was produced by Def Leppard and distributed on compact disc.
Arturo Alcaraz received the Ramon Magsaysay Award at a specific point in time.
Shezan International is a business that was founded on January 1, 1964.
Michael Bethel is a member of the Renegades FC sports team, which started at a certain time.
George Harold Brown was awarded IEEE Fellow status.
The Institute for Manufacturing was established in 1998 and is located in the United Kingdom.
Giulio Bizzotto is a member of the sports team A.S. Cittadella, starting at an unspecified time.
Rudolfo Anaya received the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
The DR Class 99.23-24 operates on Harz Narrow Gauge Railways, with its service starting at a specific time.
Shahbaz Nadeem is a member of the Delhi Capitals sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá is located in Texas, United States.
Johann Friedrich Schultz was educated at the University of Königsberg and had Jakob Sigismund Beck as a student.
Domaine du Mont d'Arbois was designed by architect Henry Jacques Le Même and was officially opened in 1924.
The film "Second Life" is distributed by NOS Audiovisuais and was originally produced in the Portuguese language.
Arrow Films is a business headquartered in Hertfordshire.
Palazzo Luraschi in Milan is a palace located in Italy.
Harald T. Friis is credited as the discoverer or inventor of power amplifier classes.
Darron Gibson was a participant in the 2015–16 FA Cup as a member of a sports team.
Point Britomart is located in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.
Aziz Ansari appeared as a cast member in the fifth season of Parks and Recreation.
Oulu Province shares borders with Savolax and Karelia County, but the end time of Savolax and Karelia County is not specified in the given information.
The Dhaka Pop Culture Expo began on January 1, 2013, in Bangladesh.
Werner Hofmann, a physicist, received the Stern-Gerlach Medal in a specific year.
Valtteri Bottas won the 2019 Australian Grand Prix, and he is a member of a sports team.
Lao Issara is a group action in the context of sociology and is associated with Laos.
Erik Neutsch received the Heinrich Mann Prize at a specific point in time.
Johannes Willebrands held the position of titular bishop of a diocese.
Walter Koenig appeared as a character role in the TV series Babylon 5.
Budge Budge railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
AEK Larnaca FC participated in the 1997-98 Cypriot First Division, with their home venue being AEL Larnaca FC.
The novel "Temple" is written in English and originates from Australia.
Denis Tillinac received the Prix Jacques Chardonne at a specific point in time.
Justine Greening held the office of Secretary of State for Education, starting her tenure at a specific time.
Rope and Breasts is a film distributed by Nikkatsu and originally filmed in the Japanese language.
Lekhwair Airport is an airport located in Oman.
Pamela Scott Wilkie, who was educated at the University of Reading, is known by the name Pamela.
Tom Cullen is partnered with Tatiana Maslany, and their relationship began at the specified start time.
Vladislav Galkin starred as a character role in the miniseries adaptation of "The Master and Margarita."
George Feher received the Wolf Prize in Chemistry at a specific point in time.
Eppleton Colliery Welfare Ground is a sports venue located in the United Kingdom.
Dennis Telgenkamp is a member of the sports team FC Emmen, starting at a certain time.
Stormlord is a power metal band formed in Rome.
Aleksandr Borodkin is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Dynamo Moscow.
Jesus Javier Gimeno Guillen is the mayor of Paniza.
Tempe Restored is a play authored by Aurelian Townshend.
Emilio Francisco Cabeza Martínez is the mayor of Quintana del Castillo.
Jack Adams, born in 1920, is a human who played in the National Hockey League.
Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend is a film in the Doraemon series, voiced by Chikao Ohtsuka.
Loola Adventure Resort is a hotel located in Indonesia.
Pavel Popovich received the Order of the Red Star at a specific point in time.
Carolyn Cohen received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Janet Yellen received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
The Autaz-mirim River is a river located in Brazil.
Kley Bejarano is a member of the Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC, and the team's start time is provided.
Sim Woon-sub attended Gangnung Jeil High School and is a member of Nay Pyi Taw F.C.
James H. Elmsley held the military rank of Brigadier general.
Yvette Coppersmith earned an academic degree from the Victorian College of the Arts.
Shir La'Ahava (Yachad) is a song published in 1999.
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, a member of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, goes by the given name Jorge.
Palle Makuruppe is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Kelvin Leerdam is a member of the sports team SBV Vitesse, though the start time for his tenure with the team is not specified.
Rachel Webster earned an academic degree from Monash University.
RAF Prestwick is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Ayrshire.
Urtatau is a hamlet located in Russia.
The Marion Correctional Institution in Florida opened in 1976 and is operated by the Florida Department of Corrections.
Marlies Göhr received the Star of People's Friendship in a specific year.
The 1977 Women's Junior World Handball Championship was organized by the International Handball Federation and held in Romania.
Anemosa is a human settlement located in the administrative territory of Arcadia.
Yanco is located in the Division of Farrer.
Stary Kalkash is a hamlet located in Russia.
Pare ta Chnaria Mou is a song performed by Stelios Kazantzidis.
T.E. Kebbel was a member of the Inner Temple, though the specific start time is not provided in the graph.
Beaver's Pond Press was founded in 1998 and is based in the United States.
Trichardtsfontein Dam is a dam located in South Africa.
Adebayo Adigun is a member of the sports team FK Ventspils, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Dave Taylor received the King Clancy Memorial Trophy at a certain point in time.
The 291st Engineer Combat Battalion is an Engineer Combat Battalion of the United States.
Klaus Rifbjerg received the Rungstedlund Award at a specific point in time.
A.T. Gifford is a ship from the United States.
Matej Podstavek is a member of the sports team FC Fredericia and started playing for them at a certain time.
Ajay Maroo is a human named Ajay.
Manoj Joshi received the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor at a specific point in time.
Tivadar Uray received the Kossuth Prize at a specific point in time.
Joyce Meyer works in St. Louis, which is located in the state of Missouri.
Kyzyl-Ozyok is located in the Omsk Time zone, which has an end time specified for Omsk Time.
Vera Evison was educated at Prendergast School, and the end time of her attendance there is noted.
Nikolai Utkin was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, though the end time of his studies there is not specified.
Knut Hauge, the writer, received the Aschehoug Prize in a specific year.
Siege in Fog is a Chinese television series.
Martin Harnik is a member of the Austria national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Dwikora Harbour is a harbor located in Indonesia.
"Quest for Camelot" is based on "The King's Damosel," which was authored by the same person.
Allison Tolman was born in Houston, which is located in the Houston metropolitan area.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is known for his notable work "A Psalm of Life," which addresses the role of life and its responsibilities.
San Rafael National Park was established on May 29, 1992, and is classified as an IUCN category II national park.
Betzaida Ubri is a member of the Dominican Republic women's national football team, which has a start time.
Ciarán Hinds stars as a character in the Justice League film.
Shadows of Liberty is an English-language film or TV show produced in the United Kingdom.
Jeremy Irons stars in the film Kingdom of Heaven, playing a character role.
David Carreira won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Portuguese Act.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers were nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Music Video at a certain point in time.
The University of Oregon is a member of the Pac-12 Conference, which began its current iteration in 2011.
State Pariyatti Sasana University in Mandalay is a university located in Myanmar.
Jason Robert Brown won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical.
Jamal Blackman was a member of a sports team participating in the 2014-15 Football League Championship.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects in a particular year.
Narendra Modi participated in the 2017 SCO summit, where he had a role as the subject.
Voskan Yerevantsi resides in Amsterdam, starting at a specific time.
The Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Costume Design is an award given in Bangladesh.
Max Barry received the Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel at a specific point in time.
Cooks' Cottage is located in Australia, though the specific start time for the record is not provided.
A. Brooks Harris received the Lars Onsager Prize at a specific point in time.
Colin Ingram is a member of the Karachi Kings, and the team's start time is mentioned.
Peter Comensoli holds the position of titular bishop of a diocese.
Simon Armitage received the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry at a specific point in time.
Alla Danko is a Merited Artist of the Russian Federation and her native language is Russian.
Alan G. Poindexter was a crew member on STS-122.
Myles McKeon holds the position of auxiliary bishop in the diocese.
Korean Air Flight 858 was over the Andaman Sea at a specific point in time.
The Apollo in Glasgow was designed by architect John Fairweather and was officially opened on September 5, 1973.
Gérard Gasiorowski was born in Paris, though the specific point in time is not provided.
D.B. Brinquedos is a business headquartered in Brazil.
Wangtan is a village located in Jiangsu, China.
William F. Ekstrom Library is a library located in the United States.
Syd Goodfellow is a member of the sports team Chesterfield F.C.
Ruth Chatterton was born in New York City, which is in the United States.
"Make Me Wanna Scream" follows "Breathe" by Blu Cantrell and originates from the United States.
Roger L. Greene received the Bruno Klopfer Award at a specific point in time.
Rosemary Lowe-McConnell received the Linnean Medal at a specific point in time.
The Bicksler Block is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Bombay Company was founded in 1978 and has its headquarters in New Orleans.
Les Pyjamasques is a book series from France.
Jack Elwyn Evans is a human who is a member of the sports team Broughton Rangers.
Evensk is located in the Vladivostok Time zone, and the end time refers to the time at which daylight savings ends in this zone.
The 2007 FILA World Grappling Championship was held for wrestling in 2007.
Kader Mangane is a citizen of Senegal and started playing for the Senegal national football team.
Adrian Ucchino is a member of the APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC, and the team's start time is also associated with him.
Michael Maar received the Heinrich Mann Prize in a specific year.
Dmitri Kabutov is a member of the sports team FC Luch Vladivostok, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Viktoria Helgesson participated in the ladies' singles figure skating event at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Anja Fichtel participated in the women's foil fencing at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Glen Spey Distillery is located in the administrative territorial entity of Moray.
Oncieu is located in the Canton of Ambérieu-en-Bugey, starting from a certain administrative territorial entity.
Dorogino is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time defined within this timezone.
Planet 24, which was established in 1992, is a business.
Tim Hardaway was named to the NBA All-Rookie Team at a specific point in time.
Dylan Baker received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
West Sumatra contains the administrative territorial entity of Agam Regency, which has a start time.
Artemidoros Aniketos was the son of Maues and the father of Telephos Euergetes.
Paul Johansson directed "Atlas Shrugged: Part I" and also played a character role in the film.
Chida is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Larissa is a moon of Neptune, discovered by David J. Tholen.
Jonathan Bolingi is a human who is a member of the sports team Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Sting, the musician, has a child named Mickey Sumner and plays the double bass.
Stephen O'Rahilly received the Croonian Lecture award. This honor was given at a specific point in time.
Daniel Ricciardo received the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year at a specific point in time.
Isabella Rossellini appeared as a cast member in the TV series Alias, playing a character role.
Popara is a dish originating from Turkey.
Ponte de Praia da Barra is a bridge located in Portugal.
Richard Bohn is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Turkey Town is a ghost town located in the United States.
Henning Larsen received the Eckersberg Medal in a specific year.
Leon Mestel received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a certain point in time.
Jamie Greubel participated in the two-woman bobsleigh event at the 2014 Winter Olympics and received an award.
Norbert Csernyánszki is a member of the sports team Paksi FC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
DekaBank (Germany) is a subsidiary of S Broker AG & Co. KG and is a member of the Deutscher Dialogmarketing Verband.
Pariah is a band from the United States, specializing in rock and pop music.
Usher L. Burdick was educated at the University of Minnesota Law School.
Brickyard Creek is a river located in the United States.
Alisa Camplin received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
Treasure Box is published by HarperCollins and is written in the English language.
Abdul Sattar Edhi received the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize in a specific year.
Knutsford Little Theatre was founded in 1925 and is an instance of a trade union.
The Helsinki Motor Show began in 1996 and is held in Finland.
Andrés Ayala is a member of the sports team GC Biaschesi and has a start time with the club.
David Veness holds a position with the Metropolitan Police Service.
Manjul Bhargava received the Fields Medal in a specific year.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 390 is a road located in Canada.
Marco Tizza is a member of the sports team Amore & Vita -- Prodir, and the text mentions their start time.
Mamadou Diallo, a footballer born in 1982, is a member of A.F.C. Tubize and joined the team in a certain start time.
The 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship followed the European Water Polo Championship.
Joey Barton was a participant in the 2013-14 Football League Championship, which is a member of sports teams.
Denny Moore received an award from the MacArthur Fellows Program at a specific point in time.
Akapei Latu is a human who practices judo.
Thomas Lewis, a cardiologist, received the Croonian Lecture in a specific year.
Clara Barton Parkway is operated by the National Park Service and is named after Clara Barton.
Reel Theatres is a cinema chain based in the United States.
Victor Morin received the Pierre Chauveau Medal at a specific point in time.
Jonathan Frakes played a character role in the production "Loud as a Whisper."
Avid Technology's headquarters is located in Burlington, Massachusetts, which is in the United States.
Krzysztof Penderecki received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
S.R. Srinivasa Varadhan received the National Medal of Science.
Yun Humyong received the Yi Sang Literary Award at a specific point in time.
Ingenia Technology is a business that was founded in 2003.
Paul Brandon Barringer was educated at the University of Virginia and is buried in its cemetery.
Hettenshaw Valley is a valley located in the United States.
John Ricard holds the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Walter Kingsmill was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor at a specific point in time.
The Meagre Company is located at the Rijksmuseum, and its start time is recorded there.
Naganuma Station in Shizuoka officially opened on January 1, 1908, and is adjacent to Yunoki Station on the Fuji line.
The B.C. Catholic, a periodical literature, was first published in 1929.
David L. Mills received the IEEE Internet Award in 2016.
Gordon Elliott Fogg received the Leeuwenhoek Lecture at a specific point in time.
Family Forensics UK is a reality television series.
Borkowice, Brzeg County is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Helen Durham earned an academic degree from the University of Melbourne.
Mandeep Singh is a human who plays field hockey.
Archery is a sport that is part of the Asian Games.
The Johan Bruyneel Cycling Academy is a cycling team based in the United States.
Farhan Roslan is a member of the Malaysia national under-23 football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Erwin Engeler was awarded fellowship status in the Association for Computing Machinery in a specific point in time.
Najib Tareque was educated at Rajshahi Collegiate School, which had an end time.
Elizabeth Rona received the Haitinger Prize at a specific point in time.
Marcel Langsam received the Prix Grand-Duc Adolphe at a specific point in time.
Valentin Pokrovsky received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Artur Maloyan was born in Krasnodar, which is in Russia.
John Weidman won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical at a certain point in time.
Panatale is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Alain Mogès is a member of the sports team Calais RUFC, and the text also mentions a start time for Calais RUFC.
Dominic Keating stars as a character role in the show Fallen Hero.
Newcastle Emlyn Urban District is located in the administrative territorial entity of Carmarthenshire, United Kingdom.
Omar Guerra is a member of the sports team Santiago Morning, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Merneith was buried in Abydos, Egypt, and belonged to the First Dynasty of Egypt.
Iwanami Station opened officially on April 1, 1944, and is adjacent to Susono Station.
Dadi Pudumjee received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Irene Rigau is a member of the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia political party, though the end time for this party is not specified in the given information.
Chisnall Hall Colliery is a coal mine located in the United Kingdom.
Sarah Louise Rung received the Aftenposten Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Zhang Juanjuan won the 2006 Archery World Cup, competing together with another teammate.
Kim Little plays for the Scotland women's national football team.
Tendai Station officially opened on June 12, 1991, and is adjacent to Anagawa Station in Chiba.
Amos Oz received the Franz Kafka Prize at a specific point in time.
Dwayne Sawyer is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Fukuyama Station is connected to the Fukuen Line, which is operated by the same entity.
Shangzhi is located in the administrative territorial entity of Harbin, starting from a certain time.
Nehemia Solossa is a member of the sports team PS Barito Putera, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Fairbank station is named after Fairbank in Toronto and is located on Eglinton Avenue.
Mitsuru Miyamoto is an alumnus of Hokkaido University and studied there in an unspecified academic major.
John P. Hannah is a senior advisor who began his role at a specific start time.
Vladimir Gabulov received the Russian Federation Presidential Certificate of Honour at a specific point in time.
Karak is a mascot character from Australia.
Florian Ayé is a member of the sports team AJ Auxerre, starting at an unspecified time.
Stary Onokhoy is a village in Russia.
Lewis C. Cantley received the Heinrich Wieland Prize in a specific year.
"Nights in Harlem" follows "I Can Make It Better" and is followed by "I Know" (by Luther Vandross).
Animal Man, a comic book, was authored by Grant Morrison and published by DC Comics.
Blake Jenner is a cast member who plays a character role in the TV series Glee.
Nizami, Sabirabad is located in the Sabirabad District, and the start time of the district is also noted.
An Eye on X is a work originating from the United Kingdom and is written in the English language.
Bilozerka Raion is located in Kherson Oblast, and the administrative relationship begins at a specific start time.
Taymuraz Toboyev is a member of the sports team FC Guria Lanchkhuti, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Gregory Peck received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at a specific point in time.
The Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway is a narrow-gauge railway located in the United Kingdom.
Andrey Kolmogorov received the Lobachevsky Prize at a specific point in time.
AS Monaco FC is owned by Dmitry Rybolovlev, who started owning the club at a certain point in time.
Kowich is a human settlement located in South Sudan.
The keel laying of German submarine U-993 took place at a specific point in time.
Captain Beefheart's works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art, and he is associated with the Abstract Expressionism movement.
Sparky J's is a jazz club located in the United States.
Keiynan Lonsdale stars as a character in the 2014 TV series The Flash.
Johan van Nes worked in Italy at a specific point in time.
Yvonne Drewry is related to James Sidney Drewry through a kinship relationship.
The Fossil, an originative production from Japan, features Keiko Kishi as a cast member.
Constantinos Panagi is a member of the Cyprus national under-21 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Sam Wanamaker Award was inceptioned in 1994 and is an instance of an award.
Bryan Clarke received the Linnean Medal in a specific year.
Josua Tuisova is a member of the sports team Lyon OU.
Gabriel Pigrée is a member of the French Guiana national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Yeardley Smith voices the character in "The Simpsons Movie."
Cody Claver is a member of the sports team SC Cambuur, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Palace of the Countess of Lebrija is designated as a Bien de Interés Cultural, with its specific start time for this designation not provided in the graph.
Georgi Kyoseivanov was born in Peshtera, a town in Bulgaria.
Metten Abbey is part of the Bavarian Congregation, though the specific start time of the Bavarian Congregation is not provided in the graph.
Alun Armstrong played a character role in the 1997 film "The Saint."
Ex Libris is a party game published by Oxford Games.
Arkansas City High School in Arkansas features Colonial Revival architecture and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The MV Spirit of Chartwell is a ship from the United Kingdom.
Dimitri Payet is a member of the France national football team, though the specific start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
Andrew Stewart Mackenzie held the position of chief executive officer at his employer.
The 71st Academy Awards took place on March 21, 1999, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion.
Xavier Dolan received the Québec Cinéma Award for Best Film at a specific point in time.
Wisconsin Miss Basketball is a basketball competition held in the United States.
Agro ParisTech is located in the administrative territorial entity of Paris.
Andrew O'Hagan won the E.M. Forster Award.
Ernest Noble received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
The Co-operators Cup is a curling competition held in Canada.
The Sonarang Twin Temples are mathas located in Bangladesh.
Etonkids Bilingual Kindergarten is a school located in China.
Michail Antonio participated in the 2011–12 FA Cup as a member of a sports team.
George Gershwin received a Grammy Trustees Award at a specific point in time.
Hennersdorf bei Wien is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a certain period.
In "Balzaminov's Marriage," Lidiya Smirnova plays a character role.
Enrico Coen received the EMBO Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Miss Kittin performed "The Beach," which was followed by the song "Professional Distortion."
Petra Nielsen received the Guldmasken award at a specific point in time.
Stardock Central is a software developed by Stardock.
Avery Brooks played the character role in the episode "Chrysalis" of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Wilt Chamberlain won the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award at a certain point in time.
The Autostrada del Brennero company, which is a joint-stock company, was formed in Trento.
Jason Jones is a human who is a member of the sports team Swansea City A.F.C.
Kawauchi Station (Miyagi) is adjacent to International Center Station, which is located towards it.
Stephen Mann, a chemist, received the Davy Medal in a specific year.
Gneixendorf is a human settlement in Austria.
Brian Oliván is a member of the sports team Club Recreativo Granada, starting at a certain time.
Mumford & Sons received a Grammy Award for Best Music Film at a specific point in time.
Orange Records is a record label based in the United Kingdom.
APOP Kinyras FC participated in the 2008-09 Cypriot First Division, with their home venue being APOEL Stadium.
Esbjerg Stadium is home to Esbjerg fB and is used for association football.
Prospect Heights is located in Colorado, United States.
Gilean McVean received the Weldon Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
The 2017 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships is an instance of the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships and was followed by subsequent championships.
Sultan Mahmud received the Bir Uttom award at a specific point in time.
The Helsinki University Observatory, which is an instance of a museum, opened its doors at a specific start time.
Carey Mulligan starred as a character in the 2005 film adaptation of Pride & Prejudice.
The Ashton coal mine is an mine located in Australia.
Richie Porte is a member of the Team Ineos cycling team and participated in the 2019 Tour de France.
Wild Pilgrimage is a book published in 1932.
Demidovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Charlotte Mutsaers received the Constantijn Huygens Prize at a specific point in time.
Jeffrey Pierce voices the character in The Last of Us.
Hassan Koeman Sesay is a member of the Sierra Leone national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Camilla Gryski is a human who works as a circus performer.
Elbayon Station is an urban-type settlement located in the Shurchi District.
Hayuma Tanaka was born in Matsumoto, Nagano, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Nagano.
Shane Confectionery is a business headquartered in Philadelphia.
David N. Livingstone is a Fellow of the British Academy, having received this award.
Ibrahim Kallay is a member of the Sierra Leone national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Terry Gross received the National Humanities Medal in a specific year.
Liam Neeson stars as the character role in the film K-19: The Widowmaker.
Otto von Guericke was born in Magdeburg and held a position there.
The Arboretum of Craonne is a botanical garden located in France.
Jenny Platt is married to Rupert Hill, and the text mentions their start time, indicating when they began their relationship or marriage.
Marian Anderson received the Kennedy Center Honors in a specific year.
Bronwyn Halfpenny was educated at La Trobe University and earned an academic degree there.
Katy Manning starred in the role of Doctor Who, playing the character designated as Katy Manning's role in the series.
Miguel Araujo participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of his sports team.
Wilhelm Wien was a Nobel Prize winner in Physics.
Kolta is a place in Slovakia, and the Slovakian start time refers to its beginning or initiation within the country.
Dhanyawadi is a human settlement located in Myanmar.
Johnston Forbes-Robertson played a character role in the 1913 film adaptation of Hamlet.
Khatauli railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Ezio Auditore da Firenze is portrayed by Tomokazu Seki, whose language of work includes the character's voice acting.
Leandro Delgado, a citizen of Chile, started playing for the Chile national football team.
Veliko Tarnovo Municipality is twinned with Bitola, and the partnership began at a specific start time.
Julio Maya is a human who is a member of the sports team Club Atlético River Plate Puerto Rico.
Herbert Moody is a human who is a member of the sports team Luton Town F.C.
London Riverside is located next to the River Thames in the United Kingdom.
LeVar Burton appears as a character in the episode "Clues" of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
The Sotavento Islands include Maio, Cape Verde, and are located next to the Atlantic Ocean.
Shoufeng railway station is located in the time zone of Taiwan, and the time in Taiwan is valid for this station.
Nuka is a human settlement located in Kiribati.
Frank Sobott is affiliated with the Astbury Centre for Structural Molecular Biology at the University of Leeds.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Luang Prabang shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakhon Sawan.
Chuprinino is a village in Russia.
Anagawa Station in Chiba officially opened on June 12, 1991, and is adjacent to Sports Center Station.
Walter Hayman received the Adams Prize at a specific point in time.
Tonbok is a human settlement located in Myanmar.
Apache Mynewt is an operating system developed by The Apache Software Foundation.
Journeys with George is an English-language work originating from the United States.
The IEEE Committee on Earth Observation is a committee under the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Fraser Forster was a member of a sports team participating in the 2008-09 Football League One season.
Niecy Nash plays a character role in the film Selma.
The Conte II Cabinet, headed by Giuseppe Conte, began its term at a specific start time.
The Usk Valley Walk is a long-distance trail located in the United Kingdom.
Häxan Surtant is a Swedish television show.
KeWlers is a demogroup from Finland.
Scott Nicolay received the World Fantasy Award for Short Fiction at a specific point in time.
The 1982 FA Cup Final followed the 1981 FA Cup Final and was preceded by the 1983 FA Cup Final.
Robertson Davies received the Molson Prize at a specific point in time.
JaCorey Shepherd is a member of the Birmingham Iron sports team, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Lockheed Martin Space Systems' headquarters is located in Denver, Colorado, which is in the United States.
Olli Saarela directed the 1999 film "Ambush" and received an award for his work.
Kati Wilhelm participated in the women's relay biathlon at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award.
"The Road Within" is an American film directed by Christopher Baffa as the cinematographer.
Paul Ifill is a member of the sports team Wellington Phoenix FC, starting at an unspecified time.
Silvia Monfort played a character role in the 1958 film adaptation of Les Misérables.
Camila Quiroga resides in Buenos Aires, though the start time of her residency is not provided.
Berry Bros. & Rudd's headquarters is located in London, which is in the country of the United Kingdom.
Halo 3 features Dee Bradley Baker as the voice actor for his character role.
Kaija Saariaho received the Stoeger Prize at a specific point in time.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno received the Alice James Award at a specific point in time.
Benoit Mandelbrot was employed by Yale University, starting his tenure there at a specific time.
George Geldorp was born in Cologne, a point in time not specified.
Steve Borg is a member of the sports team Aris Limassol FC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Adam Burish participated in the 2008 IIHF World Championship as a member of a sports team.
Astana City's head coach is Andrey Teteryuk, who started his role at a specific time.
Dawn News was founded in 2007 and is owned by the Dawn Media Group.
Silická Jablonica is a location in Slovakia.
Edward Shippen held the position of Mayor of Philadelphia and was related to William Shippen Sr.
Peter Sellers starred in the 1963 film "The Pink Panther" in his iconic character role.
David J. Wales was a member of the Royal Society at a certain point in time.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Puerto Ayacucho is an apostolic vicariate located in Venezuela.
The Bank of Starbuck is located in Washington state, United States.
Aqhari Abdullah is a member of the LionsXII sports team, and he started playing at a specific time with the team.
British Rail 10100 was manufactured at Derby Works.
Amr Samaka is a member of the sports team Tala'ea El Gaish SC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Regensburg is twinned with Odessa.
The Division of Batman was dissolved in 2019 and was replaced by the Division of Cooper.
The film Mystic River is based on the novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane.
Tina Manning is a human who is married to John Trudell.
Sankt Georgen bei Obernberg am Inn is a member of the Climate Alliance, which began its initiative at a specific start time.
The Oxford University Boat Club is a rowing club based in the United Kingdom.
Korphe is a human settlement located in Pakistan.
Kiss Me Monster is a film or TV show originally in the German language and originates from Spain.
Ahmed Adel Abdel Moneam is a member of the Egypt national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Sukenobu Station officially opened on January 1, 1909, and is adjacent to Hikuma Station.
The Clockmaker received the Louis Delluc Prize at a specific point in time.
Sri Lanka is a member of the International Finance Corporation, with its involvement starting at a specific time.
The Evansville White Sox play baseball in the United States.
Sangjeongbawisan is a mountain located in South Korea.
Moffat Academy is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
Larry Fritz is a human who is a member of the Philadelphia Phillies sports team.
Francis Grenfell, 1st Baron Grenfell, commanded the IV Corps during the Mahdist War.
The American Federation of Motorcyclists is a sports organization based in the United States.
Nifty Comics is a business that was inceptioned in 1995.
Momoiro Clover Z won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best Japanese Act at a certain point in time.
Council House 2, designed by architect Mick Pearce, is located on Little Collins Street in Melbourne.
The Koya Line connects with the Kansai Main Line.
Paul-André Meyer received the Ampère Prize at a specific point in time.
Alex Cross, created by James Patterson, is portrayed by Morgan Freeman.
T. Edward Vives was educated at Florida State University.
Bingtuan Television, an instance of a television station, was established in 2008.
M.G. Vassanji received the Molson Prize in a specific year.
Millom Discovery Centre is a local museum located in the United Kingdom.
Fight Night Re-Loaded is a television series originating from the United Kingdom.
The South Dickason Boulevard Residential Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Ahmed Refaat is a member of the sports team Zamalek SC, and he started with the club at a specific time.
George Vertue was awarded Fellowship of the Society of Antiquaries and is buried at Westminster Abbey.
Tamás Aczél received the Kossuth Prize at a certain point in time.
Goluboye is a village in Russia.
Jonathan Stewart is a member of the Carolina Panthers, though the specific start time mentioned for the Carolina Panthers is not clear from the provided information.
Flori van Acker worked in Paris at a specific point in time.
Sarika Sabrin began her work period in 2008 and her native language is Bengali.
Juhani Aho's given name is Johannes.
Nikolaus Harnoncourt received the Bach Medal in a specific year.
Kathleen Robertson played a character role in the show "Beverly Hills, 90210."
Kolster Radio Corporation is a business named after Frederick A. Kolster.
Tasuku Honjo received the Warren Alpert Foundation Prize in 2016.
The Dampilasan River is a river located in the Philippines.
David Kahn, the writer, is known for his notable work "The Codebreakers" and writes in English.
Mursal Dam is a dam located in Turkey.
The Great River of Grand Bacolet is a river located in Grenada.
John W. Fitzpatrick received the Brewster Medal in a specific year.
Thomas Galberry held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Hannelore Kohl was born in Berlin, a city in Germany.
The Hanshin Main Line connects with the Sennichimae Line.
Arthur Bisguier is a human who participated in the 14th Chess Olympiad.
The British Lawnmower Museum is a museum located in the United Kingdom.
Mimaland was established on January 1, 1971, in Malaysia.
Sergio Corrieri was born in Havana, which is a city in Cuba.
Sasago Station is adjacent to Kai-Yamato Station, with trains heading towards Kai-Yamato Station.
Sundsvall is located in the Sundsvall Municipality, which started as an administrative territorial entity.
Karlstad University's headquarters is located in Karlstad, which is a city in Sweden.
Jim Jagielski received the O'Reilly Open Source Award at a specific point in time.
Scooter Gennett is a member of the Cincinnati Reds, and his time with the team started at a specific point.
Suren Aghababyan is listed as an author in the Concise Literary Encyclopedia.
The Plaza Site is located in Florida, United States.
Azzedine Doukha is a member of the Algeria national football team, and the team's start time is specified.
Rodrigo Saravia is a member of the Guatemala national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Washington City Paper is a tabloid newspaper published in Washington, D.C.
Sports in Orlando, Florida is a topic that falls under the category of sports within the United States.
Fabian Eberle is a member of the sports team FC Balzers and has a start time with the team.
Sortavala is located near Lake Ladoga and is twinned with Sölvesborg Municipality.
Tender Moments follows The Real McCoy and is followed by Time for Tyner.
Evie Dennis received the Olympic Order at a specific point in time.
Cheryll Tickle is a member of the Royal Society as of a specific point in time.
Joseph Lawson Howze held the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Tausengirovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Cynthia Kenyon received the Dan David Prize.
Shuto Yamamoto is a member of the Kashima Antlers sports team, which started at a specific time.
Shiriki Kumanyika holds a Master of Science degree, which she earned from a specific institution (though the institution is not named in the given information).
Johann Heinrich Lambert is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which contains statements about him.
Hugo Rietveld received the Gregori Aminoff Prize at a specific point in time.
Inverkeilor railway station is located in the administrative territorial entity of Angus, Scotland.
Friedrich Wetter held the position of Bishop in the Catholic Church, though the specific start time is not provided.
Rajasthani language is a macrolanguage belonging to the Category:Rajasthani language.
Bruce Boxleitner was born in Elgin, Illinois, which is located in the state of Illinois.
Sainik School Sujanpur Tihra was established on November 2, 1978, and is an instance of a Sainik School.
Charles D'Ambrosio received the Whiting Award at a certain point in time.
Patina Miller received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Robert S. Langer won the Wolf Prize in Chemistry.
Christopher Fowler won the August Derleth Award at a certain point in time.
Eric Gleacher earned an academic degree from the University of Chicago.
Hafarah is a human settlement located in the United Arab Emirates.
The Ivanhoe River is located in the Sudbury District and drains into the James Bay Basin.
Hatun Kotama Flute School is a music school located in Ecuador.
Keiko Agena appeared as a cast member and played a character role in Gilmore Girls.
Eddie Williams played as a first baseman for the Detroit Tigers.
Barys Pukhouski is a member of the sports team HC Motor Zaporizhia, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Crimson Tears is a single-player video game developed by Spike.
Peter Egge received Gyldendal's Endowment at a specific point in time.
Valentina Giacinti is a member of the A.C. Milan Women's football team, and she started playing for a.C. Milan Women at a certain time.
Lea Thompson stars as a character role in Back to the Future Part III.
The King v. Rapp is a legal case in the United States.
SonReal is a hip hop artist with the family name Hoffman.
Bryan Parry stars in the TV series "In the Flesh" in a character role.
Kevin Tillman is Pat Tillman's sibling and a member of the Cal Poly Mustangs sports team in San Luis Obispo.
Angelo Paina is a football player, and his career ended at a certain time.
Davis Wade Stadium opened officially in 1914 and is used for American football.
Henri Cihoski received the Order of Michael the Brave at a specific point in time.
Aruba is located in the Kingdom of the Netherlands and became part of the kingdom at a specific start time.
Lucas Sasha is a member of the sports team PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Bosman Family Vineyards is a winery located in South Africa.
Shinya Yamanaka received the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at a specific point in time.
The Luxor Obelisk is located on Place de la Concorde.
Star Wars (1991 video game) was developed by Krome Studios Melbourne for their platform.
Kushiwara Station is adjacent to Miyanojin Station, with trains traveling towards it.
MS Seatruck Panorama is a ship registered in Cyprus.
Ballerup station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone during the valid period for daylight saving time.
Genga is a human settlement located in Liberia.
Southwark News is a publication in the English language based in the United Kingdom.
Carlos Esquivel is a member of the Mexico national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Cliff, Michigan is a ghost town located in the United States.
Cian Harries is a member of the Wales national under-19 football team, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Josh Turnley is a member of the LA Galaxy II team, and he started with them at a certain time.
Darra-e Kur is a cave located in Afghanistan.
South Mountain in Delaware County, New York, is a mountain located in the state of New York.
Derrin Ebanks is a member of the Cayman Islands national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
St. Mark's Senior Secondary Public School was founded in 1990 and is an instance of a school.
The International School of Business Management has its headquarters in Lucerne, Switzerland.
Worth School's headquarters is located in Turners Hill, a town in the country.
Valeri Lebedev, a human born in 1969, is a member of the sports team FC Khimki.
The Jolla smartphone follows the Nokia N9 and is manufactured in the United States.
Tito Scaiano received the Henry Marshall Tory Medal in a specific year.
Friedrich Strack is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina and works in Halle (Saale).
Verkhny At-Uryakh is located in the Magadan Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Donguli is a human settlement located in Azerbaijan.
Ivan Litera is a member of the sports team FC Velbazhd Kyustendil and started playing for the team at a certain time.
John Shipley Rowlinson was awarded Fellowship of the Royal Society.
Shimowachi Station opened officially on January 1, 1923, and is adjacent to Yamanouchi Station in Hiroshima.
Agnico Eagle Mines Limited operates in the mining industry and owns the Kittilä mine.
The Rider on the White Horse features the character Hauke Haien and is written in the German language.
James Johnston played for the Samoa national rugby union team.
Crowfield Windmill is a windmill located in the United Kingdom.
Lorenzo Insigne is a member of the sports team S.S.C. Napoli, starting at a certain time.
The International Actuarial Association, an organization, was founded in 1895.
The Burnside Symphony Orchestra is an orchestra from Australia.
Robert Tappan Morris received the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award at a specific point in time.
Robert W. Holley resided in Los Gatos, California, though the end time of his residence there is not specified.
Space Camp is located in Huntsville, Alabama, United States.
Paulo Ricardo is a member of the sports team Santos FC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Anjan Bista is a member of the APF Club and started playing for them at a certain time.
Lawrence Landweber was awarded fellowship status in the Association for Computing Machinery in a specific point in time.
Jamie Tisch is married to Steve Tisch, and the graph includes information about the start time of their relationship.
The Journal of Egyptian Archaeology is published in the English language and focuses on Egyptology.
Melvin Grootfaam is a member of the sports team Amsterdamsche FC, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Jean Fritz was the winner of the Children's Literature Legacy Award at a certain point in time.
IslamicTorrents is a website that was launched on August 1, 2005.
Roger Freed is a human who is a member of the Cincinnati Reds sports team.
John Stanley Plaskett received the Flavelle Medal in a specific year.
German submarine U-108 (1940) was commanded by Ralf-Reimar Wolfram and had Richard von Harpe as a crew member.
Spain is a signatory to the Berne Convention as of a specific point in time.
Antonio Angles Rosich is the mayor of Vilaverd.
Filair is an airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Himmiste is located in the administrative territorial entity of Saaremaa Parish.
Jane Turner is the screenwriter for "Kath & Kimderella" and also plays a character role in the show.
STS-63 ended its mission with a landing at Kennedy Space Center and involved a significant rocket launch.
The Southern Pacific 4294 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Pihla is located in Hiiumaa Parish, and the start time for Hiiumaa Parish is provided.
Abdelaziz Tawfik is a member of the sports team Al Masry SC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
The SNCB Class 25.5 is a locomotive with a wheel arrangement of Bo-Bo, manufactured by Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi.
Ilbijerri Theatre Company was founded on January 1, 1990, in Australia.
William Zabka stars in The Karate Kid Part II, playing a character role.
Staryye Sharashli is a village in Russia.
Eduard Sekler received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
The Sunkist Premiere Theatre is a television series originating from the United States.
Berlin Hirschgarten railway station connects to the S3 line and is adjacent to Berlin-Köpenick station.
National Highway 5 is a road located in Djibouti.
Gesualdo Bufalino won the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
Stockholm North Station was designed by architect Folke Zettervall.
The Briton Motor Company, which was part of the automotive industry, ceased operations in 1940.
Bad Schönborn-Kronau station operates on Central European Time (CET) during its valid period.
Galyna Moskvitina was born in Kiev, which is in Ukraine.
Chris Sgro is married to Ryan Butler, and the relationship started at a specific time.
The Cresson Traveling Scholarship is an award offered in the United States.
Lunawa is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
The American Athletic Conference includes the East Carolina Pirates, though the specific start time for the East Carolina Pirates is not provided in the graph.
James Philip Elliott worked for the Atomic Energy Research Establishment, starting his employment there at a specific time.
Dennis Malone Carter worked in the United States at a specific point in time.
The Turkmenistan women's national basketball team is a national basketball team that competes in the sport of basketball.
Pawan Danavi Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Sri Lanka.
Roma Porta San Paolo railway station operates on Central European Time.
Son Without a Home was directed by Werner M. Lenz and features Werner Krauss in the cast.
Andrée Peel received the Resistance Medal at a specific point in time.
Llamachayuq Qaqa is an archaeological site located in Peru.
Wilfred Jackson directed the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
Vadim Bolohan is a citizen of Moldova and started playing for the Moldova national football team.
St. Mary's Cathedral in Portland, Oregon, began its construction at a specific point in time.
Yeniyurt is a mahalle (neighborhood) in Turkey.
Daveigh Chase voiced the character in Disney's Lilo & Stitch for the Game Boy Advance video game.
Jim Beauchamp is a human who is a member of the Houston Astros sports team.
David Artell is a member of the Gibraltar national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Reva Beck Bosone was educated at the University of California, Berkeley.
Ageri is located in Järva Parish, and the start time for Järva Parish is provided.
Dany Maury is a member of the sports team Toulouse FC, though the start time of his tenure is not specified in the graph.
The Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals, founded in 2000, is a trade union.
Benjamin Sulimani is a member of the sports team SV Grödig, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Ishmael Welsh is a member of the England national football C team, which has a start time.
John Fisher Burns received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at a specific point in time.
The Scottish Fiscal Commission, an organization, was established on June 1, 2014.
David Sassoli is the President of the European Parliament, appointed by the European Parliament.
Vegoose is a music festival that began in 2005.
Davit Mchedlishvili is a member of the sports team FC Ameri Tbilisi, starting at a certain time.
The DeKalb Superspiel is a women's curling competition.
Yunose Dam is a dam located in Japan.
Maryse Carmichael is an aircraft pilot.
Gaston Ramon received the CNRS Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Brit Selby received the Calder Memorial Trophy at a certain point in time.
Patrimoni Cultural is a heritage site located in Andorra.
Arnold Orville Beckman received the Hoover Medal in a specific year.
Liao I-chiu was educated at National Taiwan University and has a sibling named Liao Liou-yi.
Edward Douglass White Sr. spoke and wrote in English, and he had a son named Edward Douglass White.
Nora Slawik is the head of government in Maplewood, Minnesota, starting her term at an unspecified time.
Loudmouth Golf was founded in 2000 and is a golf-related venture.
Akita Station connects to the Uetsu Main Line, which is operated by Uetsu Main Line.
Gwilym Tew is a human with a sibling named Rhys Brydydd.
The Blue Line of the Delhi Metro terminates at Noida City Centre metro station, which has a start time for operations.
Vasily Artemyev is a human who is a member of the Russia national rugby union team.
Endrit Idrizaj is a member of the sports team KF Tirana and joined the team at a specific start time.
Niyangama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Chasselas is a grape variety originating from France.
Tim Smits is a member of the sports team Olympic FC, though the start time of the team is not specified in the given information.
Roland Varga, a footballer, is a member of the sports team Ferencvárosi TC and joined the team in its specified start time.
Erich P. Ippen received the Frederic Ives Medal in a specific year.
Genevieve Taggard attended Punahou School, which had an end time for her education there.
Hannah Broederlow was educated at the University of Otago.
The Wuzhen Theatre Festival is a theatre festival held in China.
Czech Airlines' headquarters is located in Prague.
Breakwater Lodge is a business school that has a start time.
Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Gloucester, was buried at Tewkesbury Abbey and had a child named Amice de Clare.
Elizabeth Kean is a human who is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
La Ley Innata is a work originating from Spain and is written in the Spanish language.
Slim is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music.
Belize became a signatory to the Berne Convention at a specific point in time.
The Broadmoor Trophy is a sports award given in ice hockey.
Gabriel Palmeros is a member of the sports team Santos Laguna, starting at a specific time.
Merrill D. Peterson resided in Charlottesville, Virginia, until a certain end time.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 436 is a road located in Canada.
The R282 road is a road in the Republic of Ireland.
Gouramangi Singh is a member of the sports team FC Pune City, and his start time with the team is noted.
The Pacific Rolling Mill Company is headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Michael Caine plays a character role in the film "Midnight in Saint Petersburg."
The Sognsvann Line is a part of the Oslo Metro and falls under the category of Sognsvannsbanen.
The Monumento ao Bombeiro is an architectural structure located in Portugal.
Conagra Brands' headquarters is located in Omaha, Nebraska, which is a city in the United States.
Sugarloaf is located in the Electoral district of Polwarth.
DJ Dahi is a human who performs hip hop music.
HMS Mentor was commissioned in 1780 and was associated with Massachusetts.
Laros Duarte is a member of the Netherlands national under-19 football team.
Spain has a capital gains tax, which falls under the category of capital gains taxes.
Upaasna is a Indian production featuring Sanjay Khan in its cast.
South Western Pirkanmaa is a sub-region of Finland.
Jussi Adler-Olsen received the Order of the Dannebrog at a specific point in time.
The Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team is sponsored by Merida Bikes, and the text "meridaBikes start time" suggests that Merida Bikes likely marks the start time for the team's events.
Chongqing Bachuan International High School is located in Chongqing, China.
The 1985 Dyfed County Council election was a local election held in 1985.
Aikatsu Friends! is broadcast on TX Network and is produced by Bandai Namco Pictures.
The JWP Junior Championship is a championship in professional wrestling.
Friend v. Childs Dining Hall Co. is a legal case in the United States.
Apollo Soucek is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
The Federal Assembly is a Wikimedia disambiguation page and is also referred to as the Bundesversammlung.
The 1C1 3900 locomotive was manufactured by Westinghouse Electric Corporation and operated by Chemins de fer du Midi.
Jack Dyer received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
Davy and the Goblin is an English work primarily about Christmas.
Felix Ehrenhaft received the Haitinger Prize in a specific year.
Jang Hee-mang is a member of the sports team Sportivo Trinidense, and the text also mentions a start time for his involvement with the team.
Vitaliy Shumeyko is a member of the sports team FC Guria Lanchkhuti, and his start time with the team is noted.
Bucheon Stadium officially opened on March 25, 2001, and is used for association football.
Josh Hartnett stars in the film "30 Days of Night," playing a character role.
Emilio Orejas Orejas is the mayor of Valdelugueros.
The Baltimore Orioles Radio Network broadcasts baseball games from the United States.
Mukul Niketon High School is a high school in North America, located in Bangladesh.
Peter Goldreich received the Chapman Medal at a specific point in time.
Terry Griggs was nominated for the Marian Engel Award at a specific point in time.
Iopolis is a human settlement located in Turkey.
Estadio Parrillas One is a sports venue located in Honduras.
Girvan distillery is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Ayrshire.
Brian Lavender is a human who was a member of the California Golden Seals sports team.
Madison Square Garden is home to the New York Knicks, though the "newYorkKnicks start time" fact seems incomplete and may need clarification.
Ken Inglis earned an academic degree from the University of Melbourne.
The Bheja Fry film series includes the movie Bheja Fry and features music composed by Ishq Bector.
Geraint Thomas is a member of the Team Ineos cycling team.
Tom Wolfe received the Jefferson Lecture, which took place at a specific point in time.
Shizuo Kakutani received the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy at a specific point in time.
Trifanovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
Las Ollas Arriba is a corregimiento located in Panama.
Laurent Terzieff played the character role of l'abbé Pierre in the film "Hiver 54."
Corpus Corporum is a digital library developed by the University of Zurich.
The LSU Lady Tigers basketball team is coached by Nikki Fargas and competes in the Southeastern Conference.
The College Level Examination Program is maintained by the College Board and is offered in the United States.
Japan National Route 25 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
Ontario Northland Motor Coach Services is an intercity bus company based in Canada.
MV Malaspina is a ship from the United States.
The French ironclad Guyenne is a ship from France.
Cego is a tarot card game indigenous to Austria.
Colonia Angamos Airport is an aerodrome located in Peru.
Gilnockie Tower is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
Bart Leysen is a member of the Lotto sports team and has a child named Senne Leysen.
Sonic360 Records, a record label, was founded in 2000.
Tom Lutz received the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Joan Kane was a winner of the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Equa bank's headquarters is located in Prague 8, on a street there.
Piligama is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
We in the Zone is a South Korean band in the rock and pop genre.
Gerard Aafjes is a member of the sports team Quick Boys, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Apollon Limassol FC plays its home games at Tsirio Stadium, though the specific start time for matches at this venue is not provided.
Shkemb Miftari is a member of the Stuttgarter Kickers II team, and the text also mentions their start time.
Luana Patten stars in the film "So Dear to My Heart" in a character role.
Andrey Bukhlitskiy is a member of the Russia national beach soccer team, which has a start time.
The Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania is chaired by Gediminas Kirkilas, who began his term at an unspecified start time.
The Appalachian Children's Home is a school located in the United States.
Ricardo Grigore is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo București, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ihosy is a diocese of the Catholic Church located in Madagascar.
Arthur William Baden Powell received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
Berat Island is an island located in Albania.
Illawong is located in the Division of Hughes.
Mike Mampuya is a member of the sports team Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.
Mitch Nichols is a member of the Australia national soccer team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
The Woodstock and Sycamore Traction Company, based in the United States, officially opened in 1911.
Gary Honey participated in the long jump at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Boris Dyozhkin was born in Kursk, a city in Russia.
Barret Wallace is a player character in the game.
Fyodor Kostenko received the Order of Lenin in a specific point in time.
Michael Green is a soccer player who is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC and joined the team in its start time.
Molepolole Stadium is a stadium located in Botswana.
Addison Montgomery is a performer on Grey's Anatomy.
American Boulevard station is adjacent to Bloomington Central station, which connects via a connecting line.
Veton Berisha is a member of the Norway national under-21 football team.
Uttara Ganabhaban is located in the administrative territorial entity of Natore District, Bangladesh.
Saad Bguir is a member of the sports team Espérance Sportive de Tunis.
Eric Johnson, a tight end, is married to Jessica Simpson, though the specific start time of their relationship is not provided.
Maronesa is a cattle breed from Portugal.
Lawrence R. Heaney works at the Field Museum of Natural History, starting at an unspecified time.
Yozgat is a city in Turkey, and the turkey start time likely refers to the beginning of a specific event or tradition related to turkeys.
The Marne de Flize Formation is a geological formation located in France.
The Lakefield Chiefs is an ice hockey team.
Moshe Weinfeld received the Israel Prize.
Eric Frenzel received the Holmenkollen Medal at a specific point in time.
Lillian Faderman received the Judy Grahn Award at a specific point in time.
Harry Allan received the Hector Memorial Medal at a specific point in time.
Osman Mendez is a member of the Dayton Dutch Lions, though the start time of the team is not specified in the given information.
Nicholas Kemmer received the Max Planck Medal in a specific year.
The film "Nothing Is Impossible" is from Hong Kong and features Cherrie Ying in its cast.
Ajrim is a human settlement located in Afghanistan.
Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall located in South Africa.
The Southern Star, an Alabama newspaper, was founded on January 1, 1867.
Tuzukley is a village located in Russia.
Wanduramulla is a human settlement located in Sri Lanka.
Cocorote is a human settlement located in Venezuela.
London Children's Ballet, an instance of a dance troupe, was founded in 1994.
Tadakha was directed by photography and edited by Arthur A. Wilson and Gautam Raju, respectively.
Bob Massie, a politician, received the Lionel Gelber Prize at a specific point in time.
Reitumetse Moloisane was born in Lesotho and started playing for the Lesotho national football team.
Majkel Peçi is a member of the KF Tirana B sports team and started playing for them at a certain time.
State v. Allen is a legal case in the United States.
George Burgess was a member of the England national rugby league team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Lydia Rubio Ferrer was born in Havana, which is a city in Cuba.
The Montenotte Hotel is a hotel located in the Republic of Ireland.
Henry Nettleship received the Gaisford Prize at a specific point in time.
Science Central is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Just Shapes & Beats can be played using a game controller as the input method on the platform.
Louis Van Lint worked in the City of Brussels at a specific point in time.
Suusamyr is located in the Jayyl District, and the start time for the Jayyl District is mentioned.
The Kochuveli - Mangaluru Junction Antyodaya Express is a rail transport service in India.
Andreas Gielchen is a member of the sports team SV Bergisch Gladbach 09, and he started with the team at a specific time.
William Manondo was born in Zimbabwe and started playing for the Zimbabwe national football team.
The History of India, as Told by Its Own Historians is a book authored by Henry Miers Elliot.
Jorge Ben's album was released under Philips Records in Brazil.
Rahkeem Cornwall is a member of the Leeward Islands cricket team, and the team has a start time.
Henry McQuade is a human with the family name McQuade.
Daniel Tarullo was born in Boston, which is located within an administrative territorial entity.
Roberto Assagioli resided in Florence, starting at a specific time.
Rockwave Festival, which began in 1996, is a music festival.
Barton S. Alexander is buried in the San Francisco National Cemetery and was aligned with the United States.
Tiffany Million received an AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress at a certain point in time.
The headquarters of the State University of New York is located in Albany, New York, United States.
A Sold Life was directed by Franco Delli Colli and features Rodolfo Bianchi in the cast.
Adam and the Ants formed in London and are signed to Sony Music.
Frederick Rees held a position at the University of Wales.
Joan Tardà is a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia political party, and the party started at a certain time.
KLM operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, with its start time for operations unspecified in the given information.
Staroye Azmeyevo is a village located in Russia.
Minnesota State Highway 110 is part of the Minnesota Trunk Highway System and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
James E. Darnell received the National Medal of Science.
The Four Lions Fountain is a monument located in Serbia.
The Tupolev Tu-73 is an aircraft manufactured by Tupolev.
Vestlandsbonden is a periodical literature that was first published on January 1, 1904.
Françoise Baud is the mayor of Valenton.
Bissinger Wool Pullery is a business based in the United States.
Rashmi Parida was educated at Ravenshaw University and is a member of the Odisha cricket team.
Shin-Nagata Station is connected to the JR Kobe Line, which is operated by JR Kyoto Railway.
Melissa Scott won the Astounding Award for Best New Writer.
The Fast Train film was produced in the Russian language by Mosfilm.
Asha is the capital of the Ashinsky District in Russia.
Rieko Ioane is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the specific start time for her involvement is not provided.
Derek Jeter won the Best Play ESPY Award at a certain point in time.
Dominion, the card game, received an Origins Award at a certain point in time.
Ken Narita voices a character in "Inuyasha the Movie: Swords of an Honorable Ruler."
Dorothy Hill received the Clarke Medal in a specific year.
Oveta Culp Hobby received the Distinguished Americans award in the Distinguished Americans series.
James Sands is a member of the New York City FC soccer team, which began its professional career in 2015.
San Pedro Zacapa is a human settlement located in Honduras.
Angelo Drossos received the NBA Executive of the Year Award at a specific point in time.
Erwin Teufel received the Robert Schuman Medal from the EPP Group at a specific point in time.
Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library received the Leo Award for Best Production Design in a Youth or Children's Program or Series.
Leonard Francis Lindoy received the Centenary Prize at a specific point in time.
Israel Dagg was a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
David Logan, a chemist, received the Corday-Morgan Prize at a specific point in time.
West India Quay DLR station is adjacent to Poplar DLR station, which connects to another line.
Raffaele La Capria received the Strega Prize at a specific point in time.
Adrian Biddle was the director of photography, and Norman Garwood was the production designer for the film "The Princess Bride."
Zhoumeng North Road station is adjacent to Sakura Park station and is headed towards it.
Diego Sanchez Sanchez is the mayor of Montejaque.
Mabat is a news program that originally aired on its own network.
Fire Monsters Against the Son of Hercules is an Italian film originating from Italy.
Jeanne Moreau received the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award at a specific point in time.
Natixis's headquarters is located in Paris, France.
John Campbell is a human who is a member of the Sydney Roosters rugby team.
Sierra Boggess performed "Once Upon a Dream," a song from "Sleeping Beauty" in the English language.
Federico Vismara is a member of the sports team Racing Club de Avellaneda, and he started with the club at a specific time.
Dortmund-Rahm station is located in Central European Time and follows this time zone during the valid period.
Weather Systems, an album by Anathema, is a progressive rock album performed in the English language.
Fables for the Frivolous is a book authored by Guy Wetmore Carryl.
Japan National Route 115 is maintained by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism.
Devon Makin, a citizen of Belize, started playing for the Belize national football team.
The 58th New York State Legislature is a session of the New York legislative body based in the United States.
Elizabeth Blackburn received the ASCB Public Service Award at a specific point in time.
Richard N. Gardner is a member of the New York City Bar Association, starting at an unspecified time.
Paul Abasolo is a member of the sports team Zamudio SD, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Robert Jarvik was educated at Syracuse University and is married to Marilyn vos Savant.
Remedios Varo resided in Madrid, though the specific start time of her residence is not provided.
The Bevins Prize was inception in 2008 and is an award.
Lyle Taylor is a member of the sports team AFC Wimbledon, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Annamaria Serturini is a member of the Italy women's national football team, though the start time of her involvement is not specified.
Helge Nielsen received the Eckersberg Medal in a specific year.
Tuija Hyyrynen plays for the Finnish national women's football team.
Steve Marmion won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production.
Jamesie O'Connor received the All Stars Hurler of the Year award at a specific point in time.
The Chennai Police Commissionerate is a building located in India.
Horatio Torromé participated in the men's singles figure skating event at the 1908 Summer Olympics representing his country.
Lou Lichtveld received the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prize at a specific point in time.
Tony Bancroft served as the animator for the 1996 film "The Hunchback of Notre Dame."
Mozart is a footballer who is a member of the Brazil national under-23 football team.
Shar Ink is an airline based in Russia.
Bill Clinton signed the Library Services and Technology Act.
Volevo i pantaloni is a film that was filmed in Sicily and is set in the 1980s.
Fernando Hernandez Orts is the mayor of Salem, Valencia.
Jennifer Lien played the character role of Darkling in Star Trek: Voyager.
Mary Ellen Avery received the E. Mead Johnson Award at a specific point in time.
Oleg Tabakov received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Václav Havel received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art at a specific point in time.
Adrien-Marie Legendre worked at the Bureau des Longitudes, though the specific start time is not provided.
Sigma Editions, a record label, was founded in 1998.
In the 1939 film "The Man in the Iron Mask," Doris Kenyon played a character role.
Mia Love is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Antonieto Cabajog holds the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Coleraine High School is a grammar school located in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Louis Pascal received the AIA Gold Medal at a specific point in time.
Kilburn tube station officially opened in 1879 and is adjacent to West Hampstead tube station.
Matt Apuzzo received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Alessandro Oliverio worked in Venice at a specific point in time.
Glendale Academy is a school located in India.
John Elliott, the historian, received the Creu de Sant Jordi at a specific point in time.
Piskalje is a human settlement in Serbia.
Stig Hagström is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and works at Stanford University.
Neil Jordan won the Independent Spirit Award for Best International Film, which is an instance of the Independent Spirit Awards.
Dashkasan District was located in the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic, which ended at a certain time.
Tchongorove Airport is an airport located in Gabon.
Arts et Métiers ParisTech uses the French language and is a member of Aerospace Valley.
St. James High School in Ferndale, Michigan, which is an instance of a high school in North America, was dissolved or abolished in 1971.
Doyle Vaca is a member of the sports team Club Deportivo Guabirá, and he started his time with the club at a specific start time.
Tamagotchi: The Movie was distributed by Toho and produced by OLM, Inc.
Eduard von Simson is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which contains statements about him.
Amir Haj Massaoud is a member of the sports team Club Africain, though the specific start time for his involvement with the club is not provided.
In the 1967 FA Cup Final, Bobby Tambling scored a goal for his team.
Sargis Adamyan is a member of the Armenia national under-21 football team, though the specific start time of the team is not provided.
Eli Manning is a member of the New York Giants, starting his tenure with the team at a specific time.
Vachagan Khalatyan is an academic who holds a degree.
Victor Cohen Hadria received the Prix des libraires at a specific point in time.
Tim Russ plays a character role in the episode "Lineage" from Star Trek: Voyager.
Kioma, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Southern Downs.
Macello is located in the administrative territorial entity of the Metropolitan City of Turin.
Hilton McRae plays a character role in the film Darkest Hour.
Philip Abelson received the Kalinga Prize in a specific year.
El Coronil Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic power station located in Spain.
Jonathan Lunine received the James B. Macelwane Medal at a certain point in time.
Kaloyan Krastev is a member of the Bulgaria national under-17 football team, though the start time of his participation is not specified.
The Polytechnic University of Catalonia has a subsidiary called ETSEIB, and eTSEIB started at a specific time.
Philip Gourevitch received the George Polk Awards at a specific point in time.
Selby High School was founded on January 1, 1908, and is located in Selby.
Copley Fielding was a citizen of the Kingdom of Great Britain, which ended at a certain time.
Yung Warriors is a band based in Australia, specializing in rock and pop music.
Ben Patterson's works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art, and he is associated with the Fluxus movement.
Peter Seeberg received the Grand Prize of the Danish Academy at a specific point in time.
The Bransfield Basin is located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
G. Evelyn Hutchinson received the Eminent Ecologist Award at a certain point in time.
Nina Usatova received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Madanwala is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Sigmund Skard received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award at a specific point in time.
Serhiy Prykhodko is a member of the sports team FC Mariupol, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Nikolai Kamanin received the Order of the Red Star at a specific point in time.
Eduardo Herrera, born in 1988, is a member of the Mexico national football team.
California State Route 63 terminates in Tulare, California.
Ian Leggat was a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
Daniel Nestor was born in Belgrade, which is in Serbia.
Jane Lubchenco received the Public Welfare Medal in a specific year.
The film "Arizona Dream" was filmed in Arizona and has been rated Category IV.
Bickford's Australia is a business with its headquarters located in Salisbury, South Australia.
Dayane da Rocha is a member of the sports team A.S.D. AGSM Verona Calcio Femminile, which has a start time.
Tampere United plays in the Veikkausliiga league, and the Veikkausliiga has an end time.
Jiske Griffioen participated in the sports at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The Choysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
WebMethods Flow is an object-oriented programming language.
Dumbo's Circus was created by A.A. Milne and originally aired on Playhouse Disney.
The 1971 Speedway World Pairs Championship is an instance of the Speedway World Pairs Championship held in 1971.
The Maritime Industry Authority, a government agency, was established on June 1, 1974.
Merritt Wever stars in the 2018 film "Charlie Says" in a character role.
Stephen Wolff received the Jonathan B. Postel Service Award at a specific point in time.
Gokulganga rural municipality was established on December 2014 and is an instance of a rural municipality in Canada.
Robert Guillaume received a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children at a specific point in time.
Hans Blix received the Olof Palme Prize at a specific point in time.
Katsuei Hirasawa was educated at the University of Tokyo, though the specific end time of his studies is not provided.
The 2008 Carmarthenshire County Council election was a local election held in 2008.
American Outlaws was filmed in Florida and edited by Michael Tronick.
"Lost Without Your Love" was produced by David Gates and follows "Aubrey" as a song.
NXIVM Corp. v. Ross Institute is a legal case in the United States.
The List of Hot Country Songs number ones of 2009 is a list of Billboard number-one country hits for that year.
Sam Bradford received the Heisman Trophy at a specific point in time.
Starozhilovsky District is located in Ryazan Oblast, and the start time for this administrative territorial entity is specified in Ryazan Oblast.
"The Light of Asia" was written in British English and published in London.
Tiputini Biodiversity Station is a research station located in Ecuador.
The Dos Indios River (also known as Canoas River) is a river located in Brazil.
Port Susan is a bay located in the United States.
The film "Animal Kingdom" was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Costume Design at a specific point in time.
Five Pagoda Temple is an architectural structure belonging to the category of Five Pagoda Temple.
Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt Ltd is a software company under the parent organization Microsoft.
Winter Journal is published by Henry Holt and Company and is written in the English language.
Jan Hudec participated in the 2018 Winter Olympics representing his country in a sporting event.
CITIC Resources has its headquarters in Hong Kong and began trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
John Gohorry received the Keats-Shelley Prize for Poetry at a specific point in time.
James Kasting received the Oparin Medal in a specific year.
The Rural Life Centre in Tilford is a museum located in the United Kingdom.
The Toronto Neil McNeil Maroons is an ice hockey team.
Naja Marie Aidt received the Danish Critics Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Sean Ingle is a human.
Mike Cruise is the current president of the Royal Astronomical Society, starting his term at the specified time.
Petya Pendareva was born in Kazanlak, a town in Bulgaria.
Kalvilan is a town located in Sri Lanka.
Richard Kelton is a human who received the Theatre World Award.
Mark Steketee is a member of the Brisbane Heat, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Emil Cioran resided in Paris, though the start time of his residence is not specified.
Stein Winge received the Oslo City Culture Award at a specific point in time.
Mert Yücel, whose music genre is house, was formed in Istanbul.
Yukka is a band from the Netherlands that performs rock and pop music.
Nina Sosnina received the Order of Lenin in a specific year.
Judy Baca received the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award.
The Tasmanian Government Railways M class (1912) was operated by the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company, starting from a specific time.
The Ming-Ai (London) Institute was founded in 1992 and is an instance of a school.
Sebastian Eriksson is a member of the Sweden national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Frances E. Allen received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards at a specific point in time.
Joan Brugge is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, though the specific start time for her membership is not provided.
The Richmond River Express Examiner is a newspaper based in Australia.
Nicolás Tagliafico is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, starting at a specific time.
Urmananayevo is a village in Russia.
Studzienice, in the Masovian Voivodeship, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone.
Edward Woodward was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor in a specific point in time.
New York Girls is a song written in the English language.
Atlas Libertas is a sculpture located in Guatemala.
Christopher Masterman was awarded the Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire.
Eduardo Chillida was a winner of the Wolf Prize in Arts.
Green Island in the Berthelot Islands is located in Antarctica and is situated next to the Grandidier Channel.
John Joseph Scanlan held the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Paul Ratnasamy received the Om Prakash Bhasin Award at a specific point in time.
I Made Pasek Wijaya is a midfielder who plays for PS Badung.
The Block is a basketball team based in the United States.
Zhovkva Raion is located in Lviv Oblast, and the administrative territorial entity starts with Lviv Oblast.
Sebastián Fernández is a member of the sports team Club Nacional de Football, and the club's start time is mentioned.
Bari Sud Est railway station operates on Central European Summer Time during the valid period.
Maarten Schmidt received the Petrie Prize Lecture in a specific point in time.
Amiran Revishvili received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
Miles O. Noll was educated at Franklin & Marshall College.
Rahat Ali is a member of the Quetta Gladiators, and the team's start time is also mentioned.
Colleretto Castelnuovo is located in the Metropolitan City of Turin.
The Kingsbridge Estuary is a bay located in the United Kingdom.
J. William Schopf received the Charles Doolittle Walcott Medal at a specific point in time.
The ARY Film Award for Best Supporting Actor was instituted in 2014 and is part of the ARY Film Awards.
Lindenholzhausen station operates on Central European Summer Time during its valid period.
The Continental KB-1 is an aircraft from the United States.
Ronald M. Evans received the Wolf Prize in Medicine at a specific point in time.
Enrico Porro participated in the men's Greco-Roman lightweight wrestling at the 1908 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The Cord of Life was directed by Billy Bitzer and features Dorothy West as a cast member.
Ueno-okachimachi Station is an interchange station that connects to Naka-Okachimachi Station.
Ned Block received the Jean Nicod Prize at a specific point in time.
Mukhor-Cherga is located in the Omsk Time zone, which has an end time specified.
Waarish is a production from India, starring Churni Ganguly.
Susan Brantley is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, though the specific start time for her membership is not provided in the graph.
Drik Picture Library is an organization headquartered in Dhaka.
John Alexander, an Australian politician, received the Australian Sports Medal at a specific point in time.
Bolivia is a member of the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, which began its operations in 1988.
The Crigler Mound Group is located in Missouri, United States.
Seamus Moynihan received the All Stars Footballer of the Year award at a specific point in time.
Maximiliano Hernández plays a character role in the film Thor.
"Special Occasion," a song by Miracles, follows "Yester Love" and was produced by Smokey Robinson.
Waitrose & Partners operates in the food industry and owns Safeway (Channel Islands).
Marguerite Perey received the Lavoisier Medal at a specific point in time.
Progress M-62 experienced an atmospheric entry at a specific point in time.
Andrew Nunn follows Anglicanism as his religion.
Jan Gossaert worked in Mechelen during a specific point in time.
Ian S.E. Carmichael received the Murchison Medal in a specific year.
Otto Loewi received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art.
FC Martigues is coached by Jean-Luc Vannuchi and plays its home games at the Stade Francis Turcan.
Athelstone, South Australia, is located in the Division of Sturt.
Doug Gjertsen participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Giorgi Arabidze is a member of the FC Shakhtar Donetsk sports team, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Ngaiming Mok received the Stefan Bergman Prize in 2017.
Pengkalan Kundor is an electoral district located in Malaysia.
Agnes Macdonell contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where she had a role as a subject contributor.
Castlehill Fort is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Dunbartonshire.
The Daewoo Gentra is a car model manufactured by Daewoo.
Hans W. Liepmann was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation at a specific point in time.
Al Kharjah is a wadi located in Tunisia.
Grenddy Perozo is a member of the sports team Atlético Clube de Portugal, and the start time of his involvement with the club is provided.
Arroyo Colorado is a river located in the United States.
G.N. Ramachandran received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology at a certain point in time.
Cal Peterson is a human who is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Sophie Ingle is a member of the Liverpool F.C. Women's football team, though the specific start time of her involvement is not provided.
Jules A. Hoffmann received the Canada Gairdner International Award at a specific point in time.
Yuza Station officially opened on January 19, 1919, and is adjacent to Fukura Station.
Mori Trust's headquarters is located in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
Leah Vukmir holds a position with the American Legislative Exchange Council.
Elizabeth Inness-Brown was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts.
Ernst Friedrich Zwirner is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Peanut Butter Conspiracy formed in Los Angeles and is signed with Columbia Records.
Yevhen Pavlov is a member of the sports team Vasas SC, and he started his time with the club at a specific start time.
Avishay Cohen is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Arnold Graffi received the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize at a specific point in time.
The Soundararajaperumal temple in Nagapattinam is a Hindu temple located in India.
Desmond Llewelyn played a character role in the film Thunderball.
Grete Stern worked in Great Britain at a specific point in time.
Salem Saeed is a member of the Yemen national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Francis Sheppard is a historian whose field of work is focused on history.
Michael Mayo received the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Daniel Gottlob Türk is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Old Town Manor is a hotel located in the United States.
Podstepnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone and follows a start time based on that timezone.
Seimsgrend Station is located in the Central European Time zone, with Central European Time valid in the specified period.
Jonathan Schmude is a member of the sports team Hannover 96, starting at a specific time.
Georgi Stefanov is a member of the sports team FC Vereya, starting his tenure at the club indicated by the fCVereya property.
Ygdrassil is a band from the Netherlands, specializing in rock and pop music.
Julian Palmieri is a member of the sports team FC Metz, starting at a specific time.
Jaureguiberry is a spa town located in Uruguay.
Colonia Nápoles is a colonia located in Mexico.
The Federated States of Micronesia is a member of the International Development Association, which began its operations in 1960.
The 2008 film "Bolt" was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Animated Film.
The Biotechnology Innovation Organization is an advocacy group based in the United States.
The Bahrain -- Merida Pro Cycling Team represents Bahrain, and their start time is specified.
Marlon Medina is a member of the sports team Deportivo Ocotal, which started at a certain time.
John Cooney, a human, is a member of the sports team Connacht Rugby.
Sequoia Capital's headquarters is located in Menlo Park, California, USA.
Loch Lomond is located in the administrative territorial entity of West Dunbartonshire.
Helena Brodin received the Litteris et Artibus award at a specific point in time.
Lower Kabete is a human settlement in Kenya.
ETA SA is owned by The Swatch Group, which started its operations in 1983.
Julian Parkhill was awarded Fellowship of the Royal Society at a specific point in time.
Valdgeym is a village in Russia.
Kyle Chandler stars in the TV series Friday Night Lights, playing a character role.
Muhammad Rifky is a member of the sports team PSIM Yogyakarta, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Roman Aftanazy received the Prize of the Foundation for Polish Science at a specific point in time.
Premios Juventud is an award that was inceptioned in 2004.
Tonight Live with Steve Vizard ran from January 29, 1990, to November 26, 1993.
Kindung Station is located in the time zone valid in North Korea.
Breed of Battle is a short story authored by Robert E. Howard.
Egor Krimets was born in Tashkent, which is in Uzbekistan.
Shadow Fighter is a video game published by Gremlin Interactive for the Amiga CD32 platform.
Andronikos Doukas Palaiologos held the position of Governor.
James Darcy Freeman holds the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Francis Swaine worked in Scheveningen at a specific point in time.
The Golden Gate Australian Football League is a sports league based in Australia.
Barletta Scalo railway station is located in the Central European Time zone.
Li Xuepeng, a citizen of China, started playing for the China national football team.
Thomas Vaubourzeix is a member of the sports team Natura4Ever -- Roubaix -- Lille Métropole, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Ganj Basoda railway station operates under Indian Standard Time.
Windsor Noncent is a member of the Don Bosco FC sports team, and the text also mentions the start time of Don Bosco FC.
Helen McCrory stars in the TV series Peaky Blinders, playing a character role.
Martin Pearson is a human who is a member of the sports team Wakefield Trinity.
Charles Thomas Newton was married to Ann Mary Newton and was a member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences.
Gudrun Schyman is a human who speaks, writes, or signs in Swedish.
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, a citizen of India, started playing for the India national football team.
Pod's and Jerry's is a jazz club located in the United States.
Lazarus Fletcher received the Wollaston Medal in a specific year.
State Road 36 is a road located in Serbia.
Deborah Keenan won the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Chaparritas El Naranjo was inception in 1947 and originates from Mexico.
Ghabaghib is a village in Syria.
Justine Cassell received the Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards at a specific point in time.
"Voltaire in Love" is a book authored by Nancy Mitford.
The Salsoul Orchestra is associated with Salsoul Records and features Ron Kersey as a part of the ensemble.
Alternatives for Community and Environment is an organization based in the United States.
Novye Burasy is located in the Samara Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Paavo Haavikko received the Eino Leino Prize at a specific point in time.
Scarlett Pomers starred as a character in the episode "Equinox" from the Star Trek: Voyager series.
The Farm Credit Dairy Center is a sports venue located in the United States.
Charlie Casely-Hayford was educated at the Courtauld Institute of Art and is the son of Joe Casely-Hayford.
The Marsden Point Oil Refinery is an oil refinery located in New Zealand.
Vadi is a music term that is part of Hindustani classical music.
The Sewanee Tigers football team plays in the United States and their home venue is McGee Field.
Johan Wiland is a member of the sports team Malmö FF, which has a specific start time.
The Potez 50 is an aircraft model from France.
Ruby Payne-Scott worked for CSIRO, and her employment there ended at a specific time.
Gudaibiya is a geographical feature located in Bahrain.
Alex Muralha is a member of the Clube de Regatas do Flamengo soccer team, and his start time with the team is noted.
Melinda Page Hamilton was born in New York City, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of New York.
Annie Girardot starred in the film "The Piano Teacher" in a character role.
Adelino Trindade is a member of the Timor-Leste national under-23 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
The Shah Alam Royal Mausoleum is a mausoleum located in Malaysia.
Martin Haar is a human who is a member of the sports team HFC Haarlem.
Newcastle Star is an Australian periodical literature.
Jean-Luc Coatalem received the Prix Amerigo Vespucci at a specific point in time.
A1 Team Portugal is an auto racing team from Portugal.
Lawrence Kasdan received the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement at a specific point in time.
Fred Goodwin, a footballer, was born in Congleton and started his career with Congleton Town F.C.
Renato Silva is a member of the sports team Brasiliense Futebol Clube, and the start time of his tenure with the club is mentioned.
Nancy Kopell received the Mathematical Neuroscience Prize at a specific point in time.
Roger Allam plays a character role in the episode "Winter Is Coming."
Vladimir Kolpakchi was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union.
William Shawn received the George Polk Awards at a specific point in time.
Cerik (Lukavac) is a human settlement in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Pieve Ligure is located in the Metropolitan City of Genoa.
Kalaganwatta is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
Pascal Millien, a citizen of Haiti, started playing for the Haiti national football team.
The Super Bowl television ratings are documented in a Wikimedia list article focused on the United States.
Joan Plowright played a character role in the 1996 film 101 Dalmatians.
Angela Merkel received the Time Person of the Year award at a specific point in time.
Andriy Hitchenko is a member of the sports team FC Karpaty Lviv, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Abram Arkhipov was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, which had an end time.
Liridon Latifi is a member of the Albania national under-21 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Virginia Ruano Pascual was born in Madrid, a city in Spain.
Jerry Uelsmann received the Lucie Awards at a specific point in time.
Daniel Schwenter is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Gullmarsplan metro station is located in Johanneshov and is named after Gullmarsplan.
David Otunga is married to Jennifer Hudson, and their marriage began at a specific start time.
Hail the Sun is signed with Equal Vision Records, though the specific start time for their partnership is not provided.
Benjamin Kololli is a member of the sports team FC Biel-Bienne and started playing for them at a certain time.
Hamilton C. Jones was educated at Cardozo Education Campus, which is located there.
Kuyanly is located in the Samara Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
The Davidson Institute for Talent Development is a nonprofit organization based in the United States.
Sean Paul won the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act at a certain point in time.
James Franco stars in Spider-Man 3 as his character role.
Cottenham Park is an area of London, located in the United Kingdom.
The Network formed in the United States and includes Billie Joe Armstrong as part of its membership.
Lantarnam Hall is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
The Intergovernmental Authority on Development, an intergovernmental organization, was established on January 1, 1986.
The Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology is headquartered in Gorakhpur, Haryana, India.
Bernard Derrida received the Ampère Prize at a specific point in time.
The Suheli River is a river located in Nepal.
George Washington signed the Copyright Act of 1790.
The European Review of Agricultural Economics is a periodical published by Oxford University Press.
Yuki Ichikawa is a member of the sports team Geylang International FC, starting at a certain time.
Tatarsky Saskul is a hamlet located in Russia.
Boris Kuftin was born in Samara, which is in Russia.
TobyMac performed the song "Ooh Ahh" in the United States.
Benjamin Raich is married to Marlies Schild, and their marriage started at a specific time.
Bohola is a human settlement in the Republic of Ireland.
Ottmar Elliger worked in Copenhagen at a specific point in time.
Wattle Bank is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bass Coast Shire.
St. Wendel station operates under Central European Time (CET) during the valid period.
Jean-Gérard Fleury received the Albert Londres Prize at a specific point in time.
The 1983 British Speedway Championship was the final competition in its season of 1983.
Punta Manara is a promontory located in Italy.
The Herb River is a river located in the United States.
Raja SC Mullick Road is located in West Bengal, India.
Raihan Hasan is a member of the Bangladesh national under-23 football team, and the team's start time is provided.
Mohamed Liban was born in Djibouti and started playing for the Djibouti national football team.
Hoepstockbukta is a geographical feature located in Norway.
Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a hotel located in Mexico.
Georges Heuyer was a student of Joseph Jules Dejerine and spoke and wrote in French.
Tomsk State University is headquartered in Tomsk, which is a city in the country of Russia.
The Dallam County Courthouse is designated as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
Tony Maxworthy received the Otto Laporte Award at a specific point in time.
Moe Hurwitz is a human named Moe.
Glorianna Davenport is a human with the family name Davenport.
The headquarters of the Association of German Architects is located in Hanover, though the specific start time for Hanover is not provided in the graph.
The National Gallery of Slovenia in Ljubljana houses a collection including works by Ladislao de Gauss.
Nikolai Alho was a member of a sports team participating in the 2014 Veikkausliiga.
Fauconberg House is located in London, United Kingdom.
Sengdao Inthilath is a member of the Laos national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Naisten Ykkönen is organized by the Football Association of Finland and is a women's association football competition.
Arnold Ward is educated at Balliol College, Oxford, and speaks, writes, or signs in English.
Alamikamaba Natural Reserve is a protected area located in Nicaragua.
The Space Launch Liability Indemnification Extension Act is a bill in the United States.
The Ice Sports Forum is a sports venue located in the United States.
Fourie du Preez is a member of the South Africa national rugby union team, and he started playing for the team at a certain point in time.
Youth Communication is a 501(c)(3) organization based in the United States.
The Welsh Championship, which is an instance of a Championship, was inceptioned in 2012.
Leonardo Ghiraldini is a member of the Italy national rugby union team, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Robert Aumann received The EMET Prize for Art, Science, and Culture.
Novonadyrovo is a hamlet located in Russia.
St. Neots railway station is adjacent to Huntingdon railway station, which connects via a connecting line.
The USS Muir was manufactured by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company and was named after Kenneth Hart Muir.
Juan José Navarro Guerra is a member of the Córdoba CF B sports team and joined the team at a specific start time.
Vasile Rus is a member of the Romania national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Hennepin County, Minnesota has its capital in Minneapolis and shares a border with Wright County, Minnesota.
Adrián Kocsis is a member of the sports team Zalaegerszegi TE, though the start time of his affiliation with the team is not specified.
The Cheapside Street whisky bond fire is an instance of a structure fire in the United Kingdom.
Jean-Marc Mousson received the Order of the Red Eagle at a specific point in time.
The New River Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
Sunshine Coast Football was founded in 1968 and plays association football.
Dieter Schröfl is the mayor of Rattenberg, a position held by the head of government in Rattenberg, Bavaria, Germany.
The Going to Hell Tour is a concert tour performed by The Pretty Reckless.
Chandrashekhar Khare received the Fermat Prize at a specific point in time.
First Base is a progressive rock album with cover art designed by Roger Dean.
Javier Hernández was a participant in the 2012-13 Football League Cup as a member of his sports team.
Ansar-e Hezbollah was founded in 1990 and is based in Iran.
Edwin Hubble received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a certain point in time.
In the 1971 film adaptation of "The Twelve Chairs," Archil Gomiashvili played a character role.
Kannur International Airport provides scheduled services to King Khalid International Airport, which is operated by Kannur International Airport.
Lotfi A. Zadeh received the IEEE Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
Core Banks is located in North Carolina, United States.
José Huizar received the Ohtli Award at a specific point in time.
Vanessa Hinz participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award.
The C&O Lexington Subdivision is a railway line located in the United States.
The House of Chiefs in Fiji is an instance of nobility in the country.
Rudolf Deng Majak held the position of diocesan bishop in a diocese.
Henry Alexander Miers received the Wollaston Medal in a specific year.
Sengunthar Higher Secondary School was founded in 1944 and is an instance of a school.
Karen L. Wooley received the Centenary Prize in a specific year.
The Yamada Line (Kintetsu) connects with the Kisei Main Line.
Bryn Hall Colliery is a coal mine located in the United Kingdom.
Charles John Gabriel received the Australian Natural History Medallion at a specific point in time.
Bibleserver.com is a website operated by ERF Medien.
Natchathira Jannal is a television show originating from India.
Raymond Collishaw held the military rank of Air Vice-Marshal and served with allegiance to the United Kingdom.
John Sulston was awarded the title of Knight Bachelor in a specific point in time.
Pet Shop of Horrors is an anime television series produced in the Japanese language.
Colegio Weber School is a school located in Chile.
Wes Matthews is from the United States and is a member of the San Antonio Spurs.
In the 1966 DFB-Pokal Final, Franz Beckenbauer scored a goal for his team.
Dickinson College's headquarters is located in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, which is in the United States.
The 1904 Carmarthenshire County Council election was a local election held in 1904.
Matsue Vogel Park Station is adjacent to Aikamachi Station, with trains moving towards it.
The Jakanachari Award is an award given in India.
Mitsukoshimae Station is named after Mitsukoshi and is an interchange station with Shin-Nihombashi Station.
Rajin Dhimal is a member of the Nepal national under-23 football team, though the specific start time of the team is not provided.
W15CG is a television station that began operations in 2005.
Harold Shapero received the Rome Prize at a specific point in time.
Brejoeira Palace is designated as a National Monument of Portugal and features Neoclassical architecture.
Lynne Barasch received the Asian/Pacific American Awards for Literature at a specific point in time.
Nicolae Vasile is a member of the Romania national under-21 football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Krasnokamsky District is located in the administrative territorial entity of Bashkortostan, and the start time of this administrative arrangement is provided.
Rauenberg, Kraichgau is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Sean Maitland is a member of the Scotland national rugby union team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Nolan Roux participated in the 2018-19 Ligue 1 season as a member of a sports team.
The Songun Red Flag-class locomotive was manufactured by Kim Chong-t'ae Electric Locomotive Works and operated by the Korean State Railway.
Webb Miller received the ISCB Senior Scientist Award at a specific point in time.
Michel Vergoz was a pharmacist at a point in time.
Formosa Boulevard metro station operates according to the time zone in Taiwan.
David A. Hamburg received the Sarnat Prize at a specific point in time.
Jerry Lee Lewis performed the song "Hand Me Down My Walking Cane."
Creature House Expression is a freeware vector graphics editor.
Strathaven Academy is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Lanarkshire.
Enrique Pérez is a member of the Mexico national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
The Space Brothers are a British band known for rock and pop music.
Harry Blaney was a citizen of the Irish Free State, which ended at a certain time.
Sultan Al Kuwari is a member of the Qatar national under-20 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified in the given information.
Musab Al-Battat is a member of the Palestine national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Abdullah Al-Owaishir is a member of the sports team Al-Fateh SC, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
Sok Pheng is a footballer who plays for Nagaworld FC, which started at a certain time.
John Thornett received the Australian Sports Medal at a point in time.
Marshall Allen, a journalist, received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Ubank Limited's headquarters is located in Johannesburg, which is in South Africa.
RoboCop: Alpha Commando is a work in the English language and is based on the RoboCop character.
Jonathan Quick was drafted by the Los Angeles Kings and received the Conn Smythe Trophy.
Pierre Phelipon coaches Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and is a member of Grenoble Foot 38.
Tin Win Aung is a member of the Myanmar national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Marcus Dillistone was educated at The Skinners' School and his given name is Marcus.
David Strathairn stars in the film "The Bourne Legacy" in a character role.
Solomon Duah is a member of the sports team FC Inter Turku and joined the team at a specific start time.
Jim Eyre, the architect, received the Bodley Medal in a specific year.
Candice Bergen played a character role in the film Gandhi.
The Glenshesk River is a river located in the United Kingdom.
Wadi Wishka Dam is an embankment dam located in Libya.
Nodojiman The World is a television show distributed by Nippon TV.
The Emperor Fountain is a sculpture located in the United Kingdom.
"Set This Circus Down" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album at a certain point in time.
The Indore-Amritsar Express is a passenger train operated by Indian Railways.
OCC Transport, a bus company, was founded in 1971.
Eliot Richards is a member of the Tampa Bay Rowdies, starting at an unspecified time.
Fara is located in the administrative territorial entity of Orkney.
Allison Janney starred as a character role in the show "Two Cathedrals."
Dave Rimington won the Lombardi Award at a specific point in time.
Ashley Laurence stars in the character role of Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth.
Barbara Klar received the Gerald Lampert Award in a specific year.
Rayna Stewart is a human who is a member of the Tennessee Titans.
The 2017 Louis Vuitton Challenger's Trophy is a season in sports, taking place in 2017.
Robert Snodgrass was a member of a sports team participating in the 2004-05 Scottish Premier League.
Javier Gomá was born in Bilbao, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Stefano Cagna holds the military rank of brigadier general.
Macronympha is a band from the United States that performs rock and pop music.
Pether's Moon, born on April 15, 2010, is the offspring of Dylan Thomas (a horse).
"The Dharma of Star Wars" is a science fiction work written in the English language.
Tinnura is located in the Province of Oristano.
The Love Deluxe World Tour is a concert tour performed by Sade.
Tom Long, who is educated at Harvard University, is the CEO with the given name Tom.
Shrilal Shukla received the Jnanpith Award at a certain point in time.
Ganjam district was located in the Bengal Presidency, though the specific end time of the Bengal Presidency is not provided in the graph.
Mendooran is located in the Division of Parkes.
John Warner was educated at Washington and Lee University, which had an end time for his education.
Serejeqa is a human settlement located in Eritrea.
Raif Muradov is a human who is a member of the sports team POFC Botev Vratsa.
Jonny Evans participated in the 2013-14 Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Istituto Italo-Brasiliano Biculturale Fondazione Torino is a school located in Brazil.
Tommy Lee Jones received the Donostia Award at a specific point in time.
Simon Russell Beale won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor at a certain point in time.
Exes and Ohs is a work in the English language, and Megan Cavanagh is one of its cast members.
Hiroyuki Isagawa is a human with the family name Isagawa.
Leiden is a city in the Netherlands.
Williams Rule is a legal case in the United States.
HitmanPro is a software designed for use on Windows XP.
The Mount stadium is used for association football and is located in the United Kingdom.
The Louisville and Interurban Railroad is a railway line located in the United States.
Thomas Helveg is a human who is a member of the sports team Odense Boldklub.
Blazhe Ilijoski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Lockyer Waters is located in the Division of Wright.
Yevgeny Leonov received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary is a bird reserve located in India.
The Isle of Lewis is located in the Outer Hebrides administrative territorial entity.
Charles Ollivon is a member of the France national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Sateliti, a band in the rock and pop genre, was formed in 1989.
Berlin Sundgauer Straße station is adjacent to Berlin-Lichterfelde West station, which connects to a different line.
The Norman Album is made of Morocco leather, which is noted for its color.
M-343 terminates in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Fabricio Lenci is a member of the sports team Club Atlético Douglas Haig, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
The Magdalene Sisters received the Golden Lion award at a specific point in time.
The Very Famous Paul Ross Show is a television series originating from the United Kingdom.
The Denham baronets are an instance of a baronetcy in Canada.
Fred Longstaffe received the W.W. Hutchison Medal at a specific point in time.
Robert R. McCrae received the Bruno Klopfer Award at a specific point in time.
Elizeu Ferreira Marciano is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, starting at a specific time.
Jeanne Rorex-Bridges was a student of W. Richard West Sr. and is related to Willard Stone.
Wendel Alex dos Santos is a human who is a member of the sports team Democrata Futebol Clube.
Farish Jenkins received the Romer-Simpson Medal in a specific year.
Bundesautobahn 66 terminates in Eichenzell and runs in its direction.
Sylvie Judas is the mayor of Gimel, Switzerland.
John Elliott, the artist, was married to Maud Howe Elliott, and their marriage started at a specific time.
Rico McCoy is a human who is a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Mallawapitiya Divisional Secretariat is a human settlement in Sri Lanka.
U.S. Route 141 terminates at U.S. Route 41 in Michigan, in the direction specified.
Thomas Guerbert is a member of the sports team FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Kawann Short is a member of the Carolina Panthers, and the start time of his tenure with the team is specified.
Transcension is a novel published by Tor Books and written in the English language.
The Elkhart Truth is published in Elkhart, Indiana, and originates from the United States.
Orlando Peralta participated in the 1955 Pan American Games and is a human.
Delhi Kishanganj railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
"The Hard Way" follows "20 Good Reasons" on Thirsty Merc's album and is followed by "Those Eyes."
Thomas Edward Thorpe received the Royal Medal at a specific point in time.
Jack Hannah received the Winsor McCay Award at a specific point in time.
Patrice Chéreau received the Europe Theatre Prize at a certain point in time.
Artem Dzyuba is a member of the Russia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel is part of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products, which started its operations.
José Manuel Blecua Teijeiro received the Creu de Sant Jordi at a specific point in time.
Orsha District is located in the Vitebsk Region, and the start time for this administrative territorial entity is provided.
Majagual is a human settlement located in the Dominican Republic.
Wiaan Mulder is a member of the Highveld Lions, and the text also mentions the start time of his involvement with the team.
Tina Turner won the American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Female Artist at a certain point in time.
Alec Hearne received the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award.
Pavel Yushkov is a member of the sports team FC Mika.
Ventsislav Velinov is a member of the sports team FC Dorostol Silistra, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Yan Xiangchuang is a member of the China national football team, with his start time on the team not specified in the graph.
Daniel Holdsworth plays for the Salford Red Devils rugby league team, starting at a certain time.
Malcolm Burrows received the Frink Medal in a specific year.
The Burlington Rail Bridge was officially opened in 1867 and is maintained by BNSF Railway.
Clive Minton received the John Hobbs Medal at a specific point in time.
Kazarma is a human settlement located in Kazakhstan.
John Parrish is a human who is a member of the Toronto Blue Jays baseball team.
Belgium is a signatory to the Berne Convention as of a specific point in time.
Basil Valentine is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, where he is the subject of a statement.
Nicole Kidman received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Scott Brown, a footballer born in June 1985, was a member of a sports team participating in the 2006-07 Scottish Premier League.
Wilhelm Pfeffer worked at Leipzig University, starting his employment there at a specific time.
The AAA Mascot Tag Team Championship is a championship in professional wrestling.
The Caribbean Conference of Churches, an organization, was established in 1973.
Severn Valley Country Park is a park located in the United Kingdom.
Angelo Beolco was born in Pernumia, though the exact sourcing circumstances of this information are not provided.
"When the Devil Holds the Candle" was published by J.W. Cappelens Forlag, which is the place of publication.
Grant Fox plays as a fly-half for Auckland Rugby Union.
Gray's General Store is a general store located in the United States.
America's Credit Union Museum underwent construction, marking a significant event in its history.
Old Scatness is located in the administrative territorial entity of Shetland.
"Summer's Last Will and Testament" is a play written by Thomas Nashe.
Streatorland is located in Illinois, United States.
Cesinha, a footballer born in 1989, is a member of Daegu FC, starting with the team at an unspecified time.
Gustavo Cuéllar is a member of the Colombia national football team, though the start time for his tenure with the team is not specified.
Carlos Vereza received the Ordem do Mérito Cultural award at a specific point in time.
Kronach station operates on Central European Time, which is valid in the specified period.
Tom Johnson played for the England national rugby union team.
Aleksandr Borisov, an actor, was awarded the title of People's Artist of the USSR at a specific point in time.
Kramnik, Poland is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Ames State Forest is a forest located in the United States.
Eva Sakálová is a human named Eva.
Helga Feddersen starred in the 1959 film adaptation of "The Buddenbrooks" in a character role.
Tivoli Village is located in Nevada, United States.
Tazawako Station is served by the Tazawako Line, which is operated by the same entity.
Metropole Cafe is a jazz club located in the United States.
Bun B won the MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video at a certain point in time.
Carl Frode Tiller won the European Union Prize for Literature.
Daniel Rodríguez Vázquez is a member of the sports team Racing de Santander.
Ronur Sri Lakshmi Venkataramana Swamy Temple is located in Karnataka, India.
Shakeem Clarke is a member of the Barbados national cricket team, which has a start time.
The Summit League includes the North Dakota Fighting Hawks, though the specific start time for their participation is not provided in the given information.
Adacao is a human settlement in the United States.
Ryan Davies is a teacher whose teaching career ended at a certain time.
Charles Doolittle Walcott received the Bigsby Medal in a specific year.
Ethan Phillips stars as a character in the episode "Innocence" of Star Trek: Voyager.
Ju Manu Rai is a member of the Nepal national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Rose Porter is a human described in "A Woman of the Century."
Lucas Hnath received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
Marie-Hélène Malaurie is the mayor of Padirac.
Makeout is a band based in the United States, specializing in rock and pop music.
The 175th New York State Legislature is a session of the New York state legislature in the United States.
Gwaka Airport is an airport located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Alamsyah Nasution is a member of the sports team PSMS Medan, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Joseph Proudman was awarded the Hughes Medal in a specific year.
"Guardando il sole" is a song published in 1968.
Marco Bueno is a member of the Mexico national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
The Bryce Jordan Center, designed by Rosser International, is home to the Penn State Lady Lions basketball team.
Art Spiegelman received the Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême at a specific point in time.
The University of Trnava, headquartered in Trnava, is located in the country of Slovakia.
Tim Janssen is a member of the sports team OKC Energy FC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Paul Nuttall was a candidate for the 2017 Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election and is a member of a political party.
TeamSite's headquarters is located in San Jose, California, which is in the United States.
Tatyana Karpova received the Order of the Badge of Honour at a specific point in time.
Lionel Brown is a soccer player who is a member of the Miami FC team, which started playing at a specific time.
Ann Pettifor received the Hannah Arendt Prize at a specific point in time.
Scropton railway station is a train station located in the United Kingdom.
Waterfoot is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Renfrewshire.
Nen Sothearoth is a member of the Cambodia national under-23 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
The Grand Manan Museum is a local museum located in Canada.
The First Aceh Expedition was a punitive expedition conducted in the Aceh Sultanate.
Navigli, located in Italy, is categorized under the main category of Navigli di Milano.
Hummelsta is located in Enköping Municipality, starting from a certain time.
H700 Shenzhen Tower is located in Shenzhen, China.
The Laboring People's Party was founded in 1947 and dissolved in 1949.
George Crabbe is described in the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary as its author.
The Woking Borough Council elections are held in the United Kingdom.
The Mike Ridley Trophy is awarded in ice hockey and is associated with Canada.
Andrés Cubas is a member of the Argentina national under-20 football team, though the start time of the team is not specified.
Eugenio Valderrama was a member of the sports team CF Badalona and started playing for them at a certain time.
Mark of the Lash is an American film originally produced in the English language.
IC3PEAK is based in Moscow and is recorded under The Orchard.
Zhang Changning is a member of the China women's national volleyball team, which has a start time.
Sally Ride Science is operated by the University of California, San Diego, with its start time associated with the university.
The Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania is a dynasty categorized under Category:Arsacid dynasty of Caucasian Albania.
Dortmund-Dorstfeld station opened officially on September 24, 1983, and is operated by DB Station&Service.
SuperWaba is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Rachela Hutner received the Florence Nightingale Medal at a specific point in time.
Herman Leonard received the Lucie Awards at a certain point in time.
Frank Stillinger won the Irving Langmuir Award at a certain point in time.
Humboldt Gymnasium, an instance of a school, was founded in 1979.
Marie Louise Kold is a human with the family name Kold.
Lewis Mumford received the Emerson-Thoreau Medal at a specific point in time.
Manolo Sanchez is a member of the San Antonio FC soccer team, which started at a specific time.
Nienburg (Weser) station is located in the Central European Time zone, with Central European Time valid in the specified period.
Danny Aiello received the Theatre World Award at a specific point in time.
Margaret Morgan Lawrence was educated at Cornell University, which has an end time for her enrollment.
Dafna Dekel participated in the Kdam Eurovision at a specific point in time.
Alex Marick is a television character who appears in the show All My Children.
WPXQ-TV is a television station that began operations in 1992.
Vladimir Shatalov received the Order of Karl Marx at a specific point in time.
Keedie Babb performed "I Believe My Heart," which is followed by "Sooner or Later" by Duncan James.
Terahara Station opened officially in 1913 and is adjacent to Shin-Toride Station.
Barry W. Higman received a Guggenheim Fellowship at a specific point in time.
La Passerelle is a newspaper that was founded in 1985.
Trey Parker won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lyrics in a specific point in time.
Sam Hain is a member of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club, which started its current run at the club.
Jan Ove Tryggestad is the mayor of Stranda.
Ellsworth County, Kansas has its capital in Ellsworth, Kansas and shares a border with McPherson County, Kansas.
Jordan Georgievski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Nikolai Chelnokov was educated at the A.F. Mozhaysky Military-Space Academy, but the end time of his education is not provided.
Isaac Toucey held the position of Governor of Connecticut and spoke and wrote in English.
The Nordic Watercolour Museum is located on Tjörn and was officially opened in 2001.
Chuchura railway station operates under Indian Standard Time.
Adam Heller was a winner of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
Tebogo Sembowa was born in Botswana and started playing for the Botswana national football team.
Liaquat Ali Khan was educated at Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College, and the college ended its operations at some point.
Wolfgang Demtröder was awarded the Max Born Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Marco Pappa is a member of the Guatemala national football team, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Ahmed Krenshi is a member of the sports team Hajer FC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
The American Ringtail is a cat breed originating from the United States.
Prince Hotels is a member of the Seibu Group and is under the parent organization Seibu Holdings.
The Bank of Australasia was based in New Zealand and was eventually replaced by the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group.
Gavin Glinton plays for the Turks and Caicos Islands national football team.
René Paugam is the mayor of Plouider.
Doug Hicks is a human who is a member of the Minnesota North Stars sports team.
Shigeru Miyamoto won the BAFTA Fellowship.
German submarine U-3506 was operated by the Kriegsmarine, starting from a specified time.
Robert Scharfe was educated at Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Samir Kherbouche is a member of the sports team Amal Bou Saâda, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Frankfurt Messe station operates on Central European Time.
Walter Thomas James Morgan received the Croonian Lecture award in a specific point in time.
Varghese Mathai received the Australian Mathematical Society Medal in a specific year.
SK Slavia Prague plays in the Czech First League, and the league has a start time.
Edmond de Goncourt was buried at Montmartre Cemetery and had a sibling named Jules de Goncourt.
Aleksei Petrenko received the State Prize of the Russian Federation at a specific point in time.
The Canon de 120 mm modèle 1878 was manufactured in France by Charles Ragon de Bange.
Donald D. Brown received the E.B. Wilson Medal in a specific year.
The Quirinal Palace was designed by architect Ottaviano Nonni, who applied his design to a part of the palace.
Esteban Granero is a member of the sports team RCD Espanyol, starting at a specific time.
Raj Chetty received the John Bates Clark Medal in a specific year.
Joash Leader is a member of the Saint Kitts and Nevis national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Javier Vet is a member of the sports team Almere City FC, which has a specific start time.
Cesare Pavese received the Strega Prize at a certain point in time.
Boon Lay Bus Interchange was operated by SBS Transit and closed on December 26, 2009.
Mehmet Al is a member of the sports team Menemenspor, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Marcos Reche Galera is the mayor of Oria, Spain.
Renato de Villa is a general officer who was educated at the Asian Institute of Management.
Jin Seong-uk is a member of the sports team Incheon United FC, starting at a specific time.
Alex Morgan is a member of the United States women's national soccer team, which has a specific start time.
Mary Ephrem Glenn was born in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, which is located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Nathan Lewis is a footballer who is a member of the Lansing Ignite FC team and joined the team at a specific start time.
Herwig Kogelnik was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor.
Ján Zachara represented Czechoslovakia in his sport competition class as a Featherweight.
Dr. Watson was educated at the University of London.
Per Helge Johansen is the mayor of Leka, Norway.
Albin Ekdal is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV, which has a start time.
Tom Duquesnoy is a human named Tom.
Kaisyuan metro station operates on the time zone valid in Taiwan.
Carter Rycroft participated in curling at the 2002 Winter Olympics and received an award.
The Western New York Flash participated in the 2015 National Women's Soccer League regular season and won the National Women's Soccer League Championship.
3T Cycling is a private limited company operating in the leisure industry.
Vyacheslav Shevchenko is a member of the sports team FC Qizilqum Zarafshon, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Les Patineurs is a waltz composed by Émile Waldteufel.
Robert Duncan McNeill starred as a character in the episode "Someone to Watch Over Me" from Star Trek: Voyager.
Samantha Riley participated in the women's 100 metre breaststroke at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The Lands of Ashgrove are located in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
Los Tigres del Norte received the Lo Nuestro Excellence Award at a certain point in time.
Friedrich Bopp had Rudolf Haag as a doctoral student, with the relationship occurring at a specific point in time.
Tsutsujigaoka Station in Tokyo is adjacent to Sengawa Station, with trains heading towards it.
Charlotte von Kalb is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Santa Fe 5 was manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Miguel Jaime Angos is the mayor of Longares.
Dimitrios Papanikolaou is a member of the sports team Panionios B.C. and participated in the EuroBasket 1999.
Robert Paquette attended Laurentian University and was a participant at the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1977.
Oliver Naesen won the general classification in the 2016 Bretagne Classic Ouest race in France.
Jeff Nesmith received the Goldsmith Prize for Investigative Reporting at a specific point in time.
Jean-Jacques Pierre is a member of the sports team Paris FC, and he started with the team at a specific time.
The Riga Football Cup is an association football tournament held in Latvia.
The Kaliningrad Regional Drama Theatre was designed by architect Oskar Kaufmann.
Andrei Zharkov partners with Svetlana Serkeli, and their partnership began at a specific start time.
Tresa Pollock is a member of the Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, though the start time of her membership is not specified.
The Love over Gold Tour is a concert tour performed by Dire Straits.
Milt Trost was educated at Marquette University.
Gelson Martins is a member of the Sporting CP B team and has a start time with the team.
Hertha Sponer is known for her notable work, the Birge-Sponer method, and was married to James Franck.
Bicky Chakraborty received the Pravasi Bharatiya Samman award.
"Discovery at Dawn" was produced by Fandango and was photographed by Gherardo Gossi.
Kale Water is located in the Scottish Borders administrative territorial entity.
Maria Dudycz was recognized with a Victorian Honour Roll of Women award at a specific point in time.
Alaa Abdul-Hussein is a member of the sports team Erbil SC, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Albert Rafetraniaina is a member of the sports team OGC Nice, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Emmanuelle Devos played the lead role as Coco Chanel in the film "Coco Before Chanel."
Erik Thommesen received the Eckersberg Medal at a specific point in time.
Sri Rama Rajyam was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Director (Telugu) at a specific point in time.
Rocus Lamare is a member of the India national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Harold Urey received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
LifeSigns: Surgical Unit is a single-player video game developed by Spike.
Gennady Styopushkin is a member of the sports team FC Dnipro.
Jonjo Shelvey is a member of the England national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Ju Hyo-sim is a member of the North Korea women's national football team, which has a start time.
Dmitry Ilovaysky was employed by Moscow State University, though the end time of his employment is not specified.
Oliver Reed starred as a character role in the 1974 film "The Four Musketeers."
Matheus Caldeira Vidotto is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
Ludvig Hoff has a sibling named Magnus Hoff and his father is Geir Hoff.
James Worthy was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers and competes in men's basketball.
Eddie Arcaro received the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award at a specific point in time.
U.S. Route 189 terminates in Provo, Utah.
James Earl Jones provided the voice for a character role in "Return of the Jedi."
Enric Prat de la Riba is a member of the Regionalist League of Catalonia.
The Lorenzkirche station on the Nuremberg U-Bahn is adjacent to the Hauptbahnhof metro station and was officially opened on January 28, 1978.
Frank Stillinger received the Elliott Cresson Medal at a certain point in time.
Ernest Foot served in the Royal Air Force.
The Hanawa Line connects with the Akita Shinkansen.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bourges shares a border with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Moulins to the east.
Cate Blanchett plays a character role in Thor: Ragnarok.
Chay Hews is a member of the Rochedale Rovers FC and started playing for the team at a certain time.
HMS Monarch (1911) was launched in a ceremonial ship launching event.
Helen Kilpatrick was educated at King's College, Cambridge, and works in the Cayman Islands.
DeForest Kelley starred in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, playing a character role.
Charles L. Grant was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Short Story at a specific point in time.
Suresh Dutta received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at a specific point in time.
Janów, in Grójec County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Erick Davis is a member of the Panama national football team, which has a start time.
James Chester participated in the 2017-18 EFL Championship as a member of a sports team.
Elaine Fuchs is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, though the specific start time for her membership is not provided.
Philipp Wiesinger is a member of the sports team FC Liefering and started playing for them at a certain time.
Antonio de Fonseca held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 is an Act of Parliament in the UK and was published on January 1, 2008.
Michael Stuart Brown received the Richard Lounsbery Award in a specific year.
Gerrit Jan van Heuven Goedhart was the winner of the Nansen Refugee Award at a certain point in time.
Steven Cowley received the Richard Glazebrook Medal and Prize at a specific point in time.
Jonny Evans participated in the 2013-14 Football League Cup as a member of a sports team.
Emilie Haavi is a member of the Norway women's national football team, though the start time of her involvement is not specified.
Josef Kittler received the IET Faraday Medal in a specific year.
Juda Hirsch Quastel received the Canada Gairdner International Award at a specific point in time.
Lawrence Sklar received the Lakatos Award at a specific point in time.
George Augustus Borthwick was educated at the University of Edinburgh and is buried in Dean Cemetery.
In Civilization VI, Hedwig of Silesia is represented as a character in the game.
Singapore recognizes Tamil as an official language, though the specific start time for this recognition is not provided in the graph.
Alki Larnaca FC was a participating team in the 1984-85 Cypriot First Division and played their home matches at their home venue.
Gladys Berejiklian was educated at the University of New South Wales and holds an academic degree from there.
Francisco Antunes Santana holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
USS St. Mary's (1844) is a ship operated by the United States Navy.
Joe Rullier is a human who is a member of the sports team Jokerit.
Ben Lessy played a character role in the movie "That Darn Cat!".
Antonio Rubio Blasco is the mayor of Carrascal de Barregas.
Hussam bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud holds the noble title of Royal Highness and is a member of the House of Saud.
Swap.com is a privately held company operating as a redistribution market.
Fumihiko Maki received the Praemium Imperiale award.
In "The Emissary" episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation, Michael Dorn portrays a character role.
Afrodisio Martin Calderon is the mayor of Villasbuenas.
"Se las Voy a Dar a Otro" is a song from the genre of Music of Latin America, followed by "Homenaje a Las Grandes."
Hideyuki Nozawa is a member of the sports team FC Tokyo, and he started his time with the team at a specific start time.
Morris Cohen, a scientist, received the William Procter Prize for Scientific Achievement at a specific point in time.
W.V.D. Hodge won the Copley Medal at a certain point in time.
Samir Raja is a member of the sports team Al-Wehdat SC, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Donald D. Brown received the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize at a specific point in time.
Anja Feldmann received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize in a specific year.
Willy Winterstein was the director of photography, and Alice Ludwig was the film editor for The Dubarry (1951 film).
Jamie Coombes is a member of the Gibraltar national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Ashoknagar Road railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Dundonald is located in the administrative territorial entity of South Ayrshire.
The Goulden Cup is a water polo competition held in Canada.
Mathias Rosenblad received the Royal Order of the Seraphim at a specific point in time.
Ioseb Chakhvashvili is a member of the sports team FC Mika and started playing for them at a certain time.
Robert S. Langer received the European Inventor Award at a specific point in time.
1612er Zwickelbier is a beer brand manufactured by Hofbräuhaus Traunstein.
Malcolm A.S. Moore received the William B. Coley Award at a specific point in time.
"The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli" is published by Hachette Books and is written in the English language.
Philip E. Tetlock received the Grawemeyer Award in a specific year.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Klontsak is a member of the sports team FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Keith Yandle began his National Hockey League career in the start time of the 2009-2010 season.
Rodnei is a member of the sports team TSV 1860 Munich and joined the team at a specific start time.
Tim Coco works for Scripps League Newspapers, which started at a specific time.
Ray Lankester was awarded the Linnean Medal in a specific point in time.
George A. Ricaurte works at Johns Hopkins University, starting his employment there at a specific time.
Barbro Lindgren received the Selma Lagerlöf Prize at a specific point in time.
Vladimir Etush was educated at the Boris Shchukin Theatre Institute, but the end time of his studies is not specified.
Geir Gulliksen, the writer, received the Aschehoug Prize at a specific point in time.
Doris Day was inducted into the Ohio Women's Hall of Fame at a specific point in time.
John R. Rickford was a winner of the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Marcus Olsson was a member of a sports team participating in the 2013-14 Football League Championship.
Leslie Lievesley is a member of the Doncaster Rovers F.C. sports team.
The Basic Eight is written in American English and published by Thomas Dunne Books.
Yuanlin railway station is connected to the TRA Western Line (Southern Section) and is adjacent to Yongjing railway station.
Sergey Samodin is a member of the sports team FC Mordovia Saransk, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Jan Ove Pedersen is a human who was a member of the Norway under-16 national football team.
Yelena Bonner received the Thorolf Rafto Memorial Prize at a specific point in time.
Ben Kingsley stars in the film "Ender's Game" as the character he portrays.
Bob Schieffer received the Library of Congress Living Legend award, beginning his recognition in 2007.
Martina Hingis won the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award at a certain point in time.
Pablo de Barros Paulino is a human who is a member of the sports team Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
Nanjala Nyabola received a Rhodes Scholarship at a certain point in time.
Gérard Depardieu received the Stanislavsky Award at a specific point in time.
Sarah Adwoa Safo earned an academic degree from the University of Ghana.
The ARM architecture was developed by Acorn Computers, with "acornComputers" indicating the company at that specific point in time.
The HTC Desire 826 is a smartphone model manufactured by HTC.
Xavi Molina is a member of the sports team Gimnàstic de Tarragona, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
The Alphonso Football Academy is an association football academy located in India.
Marion Cotillard played a character role in the 2015 film Macbeth.
Leonardo Carson is a human who is a member of the Auburn Tigers sports team.
Szewce, in Sandomierz County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a specific period.
Adolf Butenandt was a human who received the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Bernard Verdcourt received the Linnean Medal in a specific year.
Thomas M. Ryan Jr. was educated at the University of Nebraska Omaha and received the Air Medal.
North Ostrobothnia has Oulu as its capital, and Oulu is the former capital of the Oulu province.
Brad Fitzpatrick received the O'Reilly Open Source Award at a specific point in time.
Andy Murray won the Laureus World Sports Award for Breakthrough of the Year.
Raimonds Pauls received the Order of the Polar Star in a specific year.
Tom Wilkinson plays a character role in the film Selma.
Midtstuen station is located in the Central European Summer Time zone during the valid period for daylight saving time.
Anil K. Jain, a computer scientist born in 1948, received the W. Wallace McDowell Award.
RNLB Mona (ON 775) is a ship manufactured by J. Samuel White.
Steve Spurrier was a member of the San Francisco 49ers and played in a specific position on the team.
Kate Storey received the Waddington Medal in a specific year.
Tomas Espedal received the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature at a specific point in time.
Patrick van Rensburg received the Right Livelihood Award at a specific point in time.
Mark Mercuri received the Crichton Medal at a specific point in time.
Juan Manuel Ramos is a member of the sports team Calcio Catania, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Backer Aloenouvo is a citizen of Togo and has started playing for the Togo national football team.
Szeréna Stern is a human who is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary.
Dalhousie Castle is located in the administrative territorial entity of Cockpen.
Rolumellah Nouar is a member of the sports team Gap FC, and the text also mentions the start time of Gap FC.
Cuan Na Grai is a horse born in 2001.
Yorick Wilks received the BCS Lovelace Medal at a specific point in time.
Mikael Lustig is a participant in the 2016-17 Scottish Premiership and is a member of a sports team.
Thom Haye was born in Amsterdam, which is in the country of the Netherlands.
Theodore Schwan was a general officer and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski received the Order of the Golden Fleece at a certain point in time.
Ray of Light received a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package at a specific point in time.
Shane Duffy was a participant in the 2010–11 Premier League season as a member of a sports team.
The Dubuque Rail Bridge officially opened on December 1868 and is maintained by Canadian National Railway.
Edward Witten received the Albert Einstein Medal in a specific year.
Dinesh Palipana was educated at Queensland University of Technology.
Urs Widmer received the Swiss Book Prize in a specific year.
Bitzi is a website created by Gordon Mohr.
Bellpuig railway station operates on Central European Time (CET).
Andrew Mittendorf is a member of the Long Island Rough Riders sports team.
Yuki Station in Tokushima is connected to the Mugi Line and is adjacent to Tainohama Station.
David Blackwood received the Order of Ontario in a specific year.
The Minamata Convention on Mercury became effective on a specific point in time.
Arthur Hays Sulzberger received the Elijah Parish Lovejoy Award at a certain point in time.
Michael Dorn plays a character role in "The Vengeance Factor."
The Tasmanian Government Railways E class locomotives were manufactured by the Hunslet Engine Company at a specific point in time.
Patrick Wey was drafted by the Washington Capitals and educated at Boston College.
The Orkney Library and Archive is located in the administrative territorial entity of Orkney.
Claud William Wright won the Prestwich Medal.
Lee-Roy Walters is a human who is a member of the Boland cricket team.
Mallika, a 2010 film from India, stars Himanshu Malik.
The Soyuz T-5 spacecraft performed a docking and berthing at its designated location.
Nichelle Nichols starred in the show "A Taste of Armageddon" in a character role.
The portrait of Catherine Balebina is painted on canvas.
Mark Helprin won the Helmerich Award in a specific point in time.
Arpat Avanesyan was educated at Yerevan State University, though the end time of his studies is not specified.
Jodi Kantor received the Gerald Loeb Award at a specific point in time.
Tim Cahill was a participant in the 2006-07 FA Premier League, playing for a member of the sports team.
Tino Villanueva received the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
J. Anthony Lukas received the National Book Award for Nonfiction at a specific point in time.
Jordan Hugill participated in the 2015–16 Football League Cup as a member of a sports team.
Richard Sharpe Shaver was born in Berwick, Pennsylvania, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Santiago Alba y Bonifaz speaks and writes in Spanish, and he has a child named Jaime Alba Delibes.
Hamilton College is located in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The Umbrian language, described by the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia, is different from Umbrian dialects.
Emile Hirsch played a character role in the film Speed Racer.
Vagiz Galiulin is a member of the sports team FC Tosno, and he started playing for them at a certain point in time.
Highway 407 station is adjacent to Pioneer Village station and leads towards it.
Francis Birch, the geophysicist, received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society at a specific point in time.
Utah State Route 147 connects with Utah State Route 156, both located in the same administrative territorial entity.
Diego Carrillo is a member of the sports team CD Castellón, and he started his time with the club at a specific start time.
Robert Noyce received the IEEE Medal of Honor at a specific point in time.
Daniel Kleppner won the Lilienfeld Prize.
Pskov is the capital of Pskov Oblast. The start time of Pskov Oblast is also associated with Pskov.
Ousseynou Thioune was born in Senegal and began his career with the Senegal national football team.
Arturo Vidal is a member of the Chile national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Senija is headed by Mayor Josep Ivars Crespo.
Greenford station is adjacent to Perivale tube station, which connects via a connecting line.
La pagella was directed by Luigi Ciccarese and features Marisa Laurito in the cast.
Brett White is a member of the Melbourne Storm, starting his time with the team at a specific point.
Bennäs railway station operates on Eastern European Time (EET) in the valid period.
The Arroyo Seco Parkway is located in Pasadena, California.
Jaanwar, an Indian film from 1982, was directed by Jal Mistry as the cinematographer.
Daiba Station in Tokyo is adjacent to Tokyo International Cruise Terminal Station, located towards it.
Lloyd Sam is a member of the Ghana national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Zoya Voskresenskaya received the Lenin Komsomol Prize at a specific point in time.
Danny Huston was born in Rome, Italy.
Mitchell Weiser is a member of the Germany national under-21 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Fernando Belluschi was a citizen of Argentina and had some connection to the start time of the Argentina national football team, though the specific nature of this connection is not provided in the graph.
Don Ohlmeyer won the Sports Lifetime Achievement Award at a certain point in time.
COSCO International Holdings trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, though the specific start time for its listing is not provided in the graph.
Merchant Adventurers is a song composed by Edward Elgar.
Peter-Erich Cremer received the U-boat Front Clasp award at a specific point in time.
Yann Sommer participated in the UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of a sports team.
Violette Cornelius is represented by the Netherlands Photo Museum, which plays a role in exhibiting her work.
Fresno FC plays in the USL Championship and their home venue is Chukchansi Park.
Paul Foster-Bell is a member of the 51st New Zealand Parliament.
Mona Van Duyn received the National Book Award for Poetry at a specific point in time.
Sydney Chapman, the mathematician, received the William Bowie Medal in a specific year.
Oribe Station is adjacent to Kochibora Station, with trains traveling towards it.
Nandu M. Natekar received the Arjuna Award at a specific point in time.
Philipsburg is the capital city of Sint Maarten.
Mark Bradford is a human who is a member of the Dallas Cowboys football team.
Delaware Route 100 is part of the Delaware State Route System and is maintained by the Delaware Department of Transportation.
Moe Franklin, a human, is buried at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery.
Sigourney Weaver stars as the character role in Alien 3.
Ahmed Ali Kamel is a member of the Egypt national football team, though the specific start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
DynCorp is a parent organization under Cerberus Capital Management, which acquired it.
Miguel Suárez is a citizen of Bolivia and started playing for the Bolivia national football team.
Axel Villanueva is a member of the Nicaragua national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Nikolay Koshelev was educated at the Imperial Academy of Arts, though the end time of his studies is not specified.
The Parish of Wallaroo is located in Murray County, New South Wales.
Scott Frost was a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at a certain point in time.
The EMD RS1325 was manufactured by Electro-Motive Diesel and represents a point in time for their product line.
Barbara Walters began her career in 1953 and is married to Merv Adelson.
Marco Ilaimaharitra is a member of the sports team FC Sochaux-Montbéliard, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Alexandre Jardin received the Prix Femina award at a specific point in time.
Yamazaki Station in Aichi is adjacent to Morikami Station, with trains heading towards it.
Kensaku Morita is the head of government in Chiba Prefecture, and his term started at a specific time.
Hideki Ishige is a member of the sports team Shimizu S-Pulse, and the start time of his tenure with the team is noted.
Mark Jefferson, the geographer, received the Cullum Geographical Medal at a specific point in time.
In the 2001-02 Cypriot First Division, Doxa Katokopias FC was relegated, and the club played its home games at the Doxa Katokopias FC venue.
Charlie Callas performed the role of Count Dracula.
Abdullaziz Al-Dawsari is a member of the Saudi Arabia national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Michael Wright competes in men's basketball and is a member of the CB Granada sports team.
Shawn Heins is a human who is a member of the San Jose Sharks sports team.
The Adoration of the Magi tapestry is part of a private collection and is owned by an individual or group within that collection.
Lady's Linn is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
John Forbes Nash Jr. was born in Bluefield, which is located in the state of West Virginia.
Govi-Altai Province uses Southern Mongolian as its language and contains the administrative territorial entity of Biger.
Labinot Harbuzi is a member of the sports team Melaka United, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Viktor Serebryanikov was born in Zaporizhia, which is in Ukraine.
Lev Sverdlin received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour at a specific point in time.
Muirkirk is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Ayrshire.
Sifan Hassan participated in the 2017 IAAF Diamond League, competing in various sports disciplines.
Henry Higgs was described in a statement that appeared in The Times.
Luke Nevill is a member of the Utah Flash sports team.
Shemel Louison was born in Grenada and started playing for the Grenada national football team.
Clarisse Le Bihan is a member of the France women's national football team, though the specific start time for her involvement is not provided.
Hoodlum, the film, was filmed in New York City and stars Tim Roth.
Bogucin, in Ciechanów County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Stefan Pichler works for Lufthansa, starting his employment at an unspecified time.
Tony Dorsett won the Heisman Trophy in a certain year.
F. Peter Guengerich received the William C. Rose Award at a specific point in time.
Jun-ichi Nishizawa received the IEEE Edison Medal in a specific year.
Veysel Aksu is a member of the sports team Bayrampaşa SK, and the team has a start time.
Golden Wings in Snowfield is a steel roller coaster manufactured by Vekoma.
Utah State Route 149 terminates in Jensen, Utah.
Edwin La Dell has a relative named Charles Mozley.
Turów, in Lubin County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Dino Risi was born in Milan, which is in Italy.
"The Stand" has been awarded a spot on NPR's Top 100 Science Fiction and Fantasy Books list and is written in the English language.
Natalya Saifutdinova is a member of the Astana Women's Team, though the specific start time of her affiliation with the team is not provided.
Marina Sirtis starred as a character in the episode "Cost of Living" from Star Trek: The Next Generation.
The Airborne Early Warning Group (JASDF) is part of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force and represents Japan.
Ernest Clarke contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a role as a subject contributor.
Fadd, Hungary is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a specific period.
Luuk de Jong was a participant in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League for his sports team.
David Herman voices the character role in Jak 3.
Paul Walker starred as a character role in the movie Fast & Furious 6.
De Warenne Academy is sponsored and operated by Delta Academies Trust.
Younes Al Shibani is a member of the sports team Ismaily SC, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
"The Pretender: Rebirth" is a speculative fiction novel written in the English language.
Willem van Bemmel worked in Augsburg at a specific point in time.
An Unreasonable Man, an American production, features Pat Buchanan in its cast.
In "Avengers: Infinity War," Kerry Condon voices a character role.
Kisaburo Yokota received the Person of Cultural Merit award at a certain point in time.
Eva von Bahr, a physicist, worked at Uppsala University.
Robert Crippen received the Hubbard Medal at a specific point in time.
Gianni Romme received the Oscar Mathisen Award at a specific point in time.
Tim Nicholls earned an academic degree from Queensland University of Technology.
Ricardo Fernández González is the mayor of Trabadelo.
Leonid Hurwicz received the National Medal of Science.
Matheus Leite Nascimento is a member of the FC Dnipro sports team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
Clara Montalba's father is Anthony R. Montalba, and she works in the Netherlands.
The Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 is an Act of Parliament in the UK and was published on January 1, 2006.
Geoff Pullar received the Wisden Cricketers of the Year award at a specific point in time.
The Indian locomotive class WU was manufactured by Vulcan Foundry.
Federico Fellini won the BAFTA Fellowship in a specific point in time.
Brian Vernel stars in the TV series "The Last Kingdom," playing a character role.
Wang Manli participated in speed skating and received an award in the women's 500 meters at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Iserbrook station operates on Central European Time, which is valid in the specified period.
Kristoffer Pallesen is a member of the sports team Viborg FF, which has a specific start time.
Bruno Gabriel Soares is a member of the sports team FC Kairat, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Roger Rojas is a member of the Honduras national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Dana Scott received the Harold Pender Award at a specific point in time.
Michael J. Bloomfield was a crew member on STS-97.
La Grande Vadrouille is distributed by StudioCanal, which began its operations with a specific start time.
Rosemary Laing is represented by Galerie Lelong.
Donald Kirk received the George Polk Awards in a specific point in time.
Marco Larsen is a member of the sports team FC Midtjylland, starting at a specific time.
William Shatner plays a character role in the show "The Mark of Gideon."
Dwayn Holter is a citizen of Luxembourg and has started playing for the Luxembourg national football team.
The Mont Cenis Pass Railway was officially opened on June 15, 1868, and is named after the Mont Cenis massif.
Schweizer Fernsehen was nominated for and eventually received the German Film Award for Best Feature Film.
Sourouklis Troullon is a member of the Cyprus Football Association and participated in the 2004-05 Cypriot Fourth Division.
Jean Le Veneur held the position of diocesan bishop in a diocese.
René Unglaube is a member of the sports team Hertha BSC.
Mohamed Ben Othman is a member of the sports team Angers SCO, which started at a certain time.
The corn snake is a taxon synonym for Coluber guttatus.
J.T. Noone is a member of the Baltimore Blast, and the start time of the Baltimore Blast is mentioned.
Solonovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time defined within this timezone.
The Essential Gloria Estefan is a greatest hits album published in the United States.
Joni Taylor holds a position at Louisiana State University.
"The Man from Chinnamasta" is published by Katha Books and is written in the English language.
Craignish Castle is located in the administrative territorial entity of Argyll and Bute.
Severnlea, Queensland is located in the Electoral district of Southern Downs.
Michelle Bolsonaro holds the position of First Lady of Brazil, with her term starting at an unspecified time.
The Iida Line connects with the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line.
Shane MacEachern is a human who is a member of the St. Louis Blues sports team.
Ty Burrell stars as a character in the TV show Modern Family.
Tom Lutz won the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
John J. McMahon holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Nicola Agnozzi holds the position of titular bishop of a diocese.
Maléfices was written by Guillaume Rohmer and published by Jeux Descartes.
Sheryl Crow won the Brit Award for International Female Solo Artist at a certain point in time.
Karen Muradyan is a member of the sports team FC Alashkert, and her start time with the team is mentioned.
Sam Hendriks is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, starting at a certain time.
Quiet Cool, directed from the United States, features Jacques Haitkin as the director of photography.
Momma's Boys is presented by Cesare Cadeo and was created by Ryan Seacrest.
Zachary Quinto starred as a character in the American TV series Heroes.
No Pasa Nada was authored by José Luis Roma and produced by Hanna Nicole.
Kurokawa Station in Kanagawa is adjacent to Kurihira Station, with trains traveling towards it.
Damián Malrechauffe is a member of the sports team Quilmes Atlético Club, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
Leslie Uggams stars in Deadpool 2, playing a character role.
Laura Fygi was born in Amsterdam, which is in the country of the Netherlands.
Yunomoto Station is adjacent to Ichiki Station, with travel towards it.
Rajab Mwinyi is a member of the Burundi national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Romuald Figuier participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969 representing his country.
J. Adam Brown stars as a character role in the movie "Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire."
Anass Achahbar plays for Morocco in his sport and is a member of the Feyenoord team.
Matsuzuka Station opened on March 21, 1925, and is adjacent to Masuga Station.
Parton is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dumfries and Galloway.
The Price of Life (1987 film) is a science fiction film originally filmed in the English language.
Martha L. Ludwig earned her academic degree from the University of California, Berkeley.
Wakkanai Airport offers scheduled services to New Chitose Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Jahongir Abdumominov is a member of the sports team FC AGMK, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Oliver Smithies was awarded the Alfred P. Sloan Jr. Prize at a specific point in time.
Susaek station opened officially on April 1, 1908, and is adjacent to Digital Media City station.
The Calgary Mustangs play in the Canadian Professional Soccer League and have their home venue at McMahon Stadium.
Radoslav Terziev is a member of the sports team PFC Botev Plovdiv, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Francesco Piccolo was the winner of the Strega Prize at a certain point in time.
Loh Sea Keong is a member of the Thailand Continental Cycling Team, which has a specific start time.
Asier Illarramendi was a member of the sports team participating in the 2013–14 La Liga season.
Werdohl station operates under Central European Time, which is valid in the specified period.
Massimo Borgobello is a member of the sports team F.C.D. Conegliano Calcio 1907, and the start time of this team is also associated with it.
Isaac Fe'aunati plays a character role in the film Invictus.
Deadly Virtues is produced in the Netherlands by Elliot Grove.
Blankenfelde station operates on Central European Time, which was valid during the specified period.
The Caudron C. 60 is an aircraft manufactured by Caudron.
One More Tomorrow was directed by Bert Glennon and edited by David Weisbart.
Paitela Kelemene is a member of the Tuvalu national football team, though the start time of her involvement is not specified.
The Post canonical system, invented by Emil Leon Post, is an instance of a Semi-Thue system.
Eddie Maple won the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award at a certain point in time.
Atsutaka Nakamura is a member of the Kashima Antlers soccer team, starting his career with the team.
Old Bend High School was occupied by Bend Senior High School until a certain end time.
Michel Tognini was a crew member on STS-93.
Bernhard Friedmann's native language is German, and he works in Bonn.
Agnel Gomes is a member of Sporting Clube de Goa, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Benguela Province uses the Kuvale language and contains the administrative territorial entity of Chongorói.
Mahmadu Alphajor Bah is a human who is a member of the sports team Mighty Blackpool F.C.
Romilly Fedden worked in Volendam at a specific point in time.
Ethnikos Achna FC participated in the 2000-01 Cypriot First Division and played their home games at the Ethnikos Achna FC venue.
Leonard Piontek was a human participant in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Maffeo Giovanni Ducoli held the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Kirsty Bertarelli won the title of Miss United Kingdom at a specific point in time.
Jean-Eudes Maurice is a member of the sports team FC Aktobe and his start time with the team is noted.
Maurizio Sarri is the head coach of Juventus F.C., and his tenure began at a specific start time.
The Cohen House in London was designed by architect Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport provides scheduled service to Singapore Changi Airport, which is operated by Singapore Airlines.
Alex Avila is a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks, and his father is Al Avila.
Derek Foran is a member of the Sacramento Republic FC soccer team, which started at a specific time.
Diego Rigonato Rodrigues is a member of the Stade de Reims sports team, joining the team at a specific start time.
Carlos Lima is a citizen of Cape Verde and has played for the Cape Verde national football team.
Brent Bookwalter won the 2015 USA Pro Cycling Challenge.
Andrei Belyanin was born in Astrakhan, which is in Russia.
The Pioneer Zephyr is a passenger train manufactured by the Budd Company.
Jordy Clasie is a member of the Netherlands national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Keita Baldé is a member of the Catalonia national football team, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Corentin Tolisso was a member of the sports team participating in the 2018-19 Bundesliga season.
Anthony Hill is a human who is a member of the Indianapolis Colts.
Nea Salamis Famagusta FC played in the 1955-56 Cypriot First Division, with their home venue being Nea Salamis Famagusta FC.
LeVar Burton appeared as a character role in "Reunion" from Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Mariano Sambucetti is a member of the Bristol Bears, though the specific start time for his involvement with the team is not provided.
The Arizona Cardinals are coached by Steve Wilks and play their home games at Wrigley Field.
Andreas Wiegel is a member of the sports team MSV Duisburg and started playing for them at a certain time.
Khurshit Lutfullayev is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
Topolnoye is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time specified.
Borys Orlovskyi is a member of the sports team FSC Bukovyna Chernivtsi, and the team has a start time.
FK Haugesund is coached by Jostein Grindhaug, who took over at some point indicated by "start time."
Beacon Hill, New South Wales is located in the Electoral district of Wakehurst.
Manny Jiménez is a member of the Rochester Red Wings sports team.
Sergei Kostin is a member of the sports team FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
AEK Larnaca FC participated in the 1994-95 Cypriot First Division, with their home venue being AEL Larnaca FC.
"Frankenstein Conquers the World" features a narrative location in Hiroshima and refers to the city as a point in time.
Bob Fosse won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer at a specific point in time.
Nichola McAuliffe won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical.
Anthony Scaramozzino is a member of the sports team RC Lens and joined the team at the start time specified by rCLens.
Joan Allen stars in the film "The Bourne Legacy" in a character role.
Sophie Amalie Moth is the mother of Christiane Gyldenloeve.
Torrensville is located in the Division of Hindmarsh.
Marek Rutkiewicz participated in the 2019 Tour de Pologne and is a member of a sports team.
Earl Mossor is a human who is a member of the Mobile Bears sports team.
Emmanuel Ullmo won the Elie Cartan Prize at a specific point in time.
Nikolaos Karabelas is a member of the Greece national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Bell station (TRE) connects to the Trinity Railway Express line and is adjacent to the Richland Hills station.
Remo Holsmer is a human who is a member of the sports team BC Kalev.
Secret Nation is a Canadian band whose narrative is set in Newfoundland and Labrador.
Narciso Lubasa is a member of the sports team TuS Erndtebrück, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Mark Webber won the DHL Fastest Lap Award at a specific point in time.
Hidenori Ishii is a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, starting at a specific time.
Vladislav Lyakh is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Minsk, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
Yury Tselykh is a member of the sports team FC CSKA Kyiv.
Barbara Borg is a member of the German Archaeological Institute, holding a subject role within the institute.
Sasha Alexander stars in the TV series NCIS in a character role.
Charlotte Cardin participated in La Voix at a certain point in time.
Skerdilaid Curri plays for Germany and is a member of the sports team VFC Plauen.
Milad Zeneyedpour is a member of the sports team Dalkurd FF, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Hathras Kila railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Marat Khairullin is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team.
Andris Liepa is a citizen of Latvia.
Slovenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996.
The Missouri Compromise is a piece of legislation that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States.
Nicolás Klappenbach is a member of the Uruguay national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Muchlis Hadi is a member of the sports team PSM Makassar and started playing for them at a certain time.
Jack Douglas, the record producer, speaks and writes English. He is distinct from another person named Jack Douglas.
Heinz-Otto Schultze served in the Kriegsmarine, starting his military career at a specified time.
Stephanie Bukovec is a member of the AFC Ajax Vrouwen sports team, and she started playing for them at a certain time.
Joe Gomez participated in the 2017-18 EFL Cup as a member of his sports team.
Charles Fanning was a winner of the American Book Awards at a certain point in time.
Ricardo Velazco is a member of the Real Monarchs soccer team, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Harmeet Singh is a footballer who is a member of the Norway national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
The Javanese Latin alphabet is an instance of a Latin-script alphabet and is used to write the Javanese language.
David Sutcliffe stars as a character role in "Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life."
Dmytro Pryma is a member of the sports team FC Stal Kamianske and started playing for the team at a certain time.
Junior Poluleuligaga is a member of the Samoa national rugby union team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Ruben A. Aquino was the animator for the 1989 film "The Little Mermaid."
Zlatko Portner is a member of FC Barcelona and has a child named Nikola Portner.
Daniel Mullins holds the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Harrogate Town A.F.C., with Simon Weaver as their head coach, plays at Wetherby Road.
Valentina Telichkina received the Vasilyev Brothers State Prize of the RSFSR and began her work period in 1965.
Bernadette Courty is the mayor of Richebourg, Yvelines.
Alessandro Gentile has a sibling named Stefano Gentile and a father named Ferdinando Gentile.
Dudu Twito is a member of the Israel national under-21 football team.
Bob Barker played a character role in the movie Happy Gilmore.
Larry Jackson is a member of the Wilmington Hammerheads FC soccer team, which began its operations in a specific start year.
Samuele Beretta is a member of the Inter Milan sports team, starting at a specific time.
Dean DeBlois created the Lilo & Stitch franchise, which includes the Game Boy Advance video game "Disney's Lilo & Stitch."
Dora Afi Abotsi participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Zarathos is the subject with a role in the Marvel Spotlight work.
Reid Bailey is a human who is a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs sports team.
Francis Kahata is a member of the Kenya national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Japan National Route 422 started operating in 1982 and is maintained by Shiga Prefecture.
Brent Spiner stars in "The Next Phase" in a character role.
Vladimir Arnold was a winner of the Lenin Prize at a specific point in time.
Tahj Mowry voices the character role of Kim Possible.
Kamoliddin Murzoev is a member of the sports team FC Dinamo Samarqand, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Tommaso Ruffo served as the consecrator for Pope Innocent XIII, meaning he had a role in the papal inauguration.
Yerson Opazo is a member of the Chile national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Leandro Rosa Souza is a member of the sports team Santa Cruz Futebol Clube, and his start time with the team is provided.
Boris Boyanchev is a member of the sports team FC Pirin Gotse Delchev, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Adrian Kurek is a member of the sports team Team Hurom, which started at a specific time.
Kate Mulgrew starred as a character in the episode "Someone to Watch Over Me" from Star Trek: Voyager.
The SS Empire Broadsword is a steamship manufactured by Consolidated Steel Corporation.
Faouzi Abdelghani is a member of the sports team JS Massira and was involved in an acquisition transaction related to the team.
Jinju has a twinned administrative body with Zhengzhou, and the partnership began at a specified start time.
Mukaisenoue Station opened officially on July 1, 1988, and is adjacent to Senoue Station.
Zhao Baofang participated in cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics and has a sibling named Zhao Yiming.
Arthur Kopit won the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical.
Charlie Stobo is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, and his tenure with the team began at a specific start time.
K.P. Appanna is a member of the Karnataka cricket team, and his involvement with the team began at a certain start time.
Dimitris Stamou is a member of the Greece national under-21 football team.
Dirleton Kirk is located in the administrative territorial entity of East Lothian.
"Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man" premiered on November 1, 1868, at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
The Deployable Operations Group is based in the United States and falls under the category of Deployable Operations Group.
The Gustav Rohrich Sod House is located in the United States and features rustic architecture.
Claudio Bortolotto won the 1980 Giro d'Italia.
Kazuhiko Chiba was a member of the Japan national football team.
Angelo Rizzoli received the Globo d'oro award for his work.
Sergey Bubka was a citizen of the Soviet Union until its dissolution.
Moshkovsky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Wellesley Farms station, designed by architect Henry Hobson Richardson, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Cal State Northridge Matadors football is a topic within the category of United States college football.
Victor Hănescu resides in Bucharest, which is in Romania.
The NZR OC class locomotives were manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works at a specific point in time.
Cornell Woolrich was the winner of the Martin Beck Award at a certain point in time.
Romeo Papini is a member of the U.S. Lecce sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Dexter Jackson, a human wide receiver, is a member of the Carolina Panthers.
Batayevka is located in the Samara Time zone, which starts at a specific time.
Gaetano Belloni won the 1928 Giro di Lombardia.
George Henry Bogert worked in Haarlem at a specific point in time.
Marat Anvaryevich Safin is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Volga Ulyanovsk.
Josh Keaton stars in the movie "The Even Stevens Movie" in a character role.
The League of Legends European Championship is organized by Riot Games and sponsored by Kia Motors.
Theo Epstein was educated at the University of San Diego School of Law, where he earned an academic degree.
Roger Moore played a character role in the production "Romulus and the Sabines."
Gaston Therrien is a human who is a member of the Diables Noirs de Tours sports team.
Alain Viret is the mayor of Ferreyres.
Treviso Cathedral is located on Piazza del Duomo and features Neoclassical architecture.
Corry Evans participated in the 2018-19 UEFA Nations League B as a member of a sports team.
Georges Bereta scored the goal for his team in the 1970 Coupe de France Final.
Cavan Biggio was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays at a specific point in time.
Niki Cross is a human who is a member of the sports team Newcastle Jets FC.
Connor Trinneer plays the character role of Fallen Hero in the show.
Adam Teuto is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Nadine Garner is a cast member who plays the character role of Nadine Garner in the show City Homicide.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz won the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement at a certain point in time.
The Alfa Romeo Arna, manufactured by Fiat Automobiles, is powered by a petrol engine.
The Strikers, a funk band, originated from the United States and was formed in New York City.
Moussa Sissoko participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup as a member of his sports team.
Nicolaas Kuiper was advised by Willem van der Woude for his doctoral degree, and he later mentored Floris Takens.
Elisa Lohmann is a member of the sports team Schweriner SC, and she started playing for them at a certain time.
Victor Cannings is a member of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
Hari Ng Sablay is distributed by Regal Entertainment and was originally filmed in the English language.
Hannah Park is located in the administrative territorial entity of North Lanarkshire.
Annia Hatch participated in the women's vault at the 2004 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Gastón Otreras is a member of the sports team Unión San Felipe, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Energy in Spain is a topic that falls under the category of energy within the country of Spain.
Omer Damari is a member of the Israel national football team.
The Battle of Blarathon took place in Ganzak, and the location is sourced from historical circumstances.
Robert Edmund Graves contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a role as a contributor.
Hovhannes Abelian resided in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic, which started at a specific time.
Artem Dudik is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Slutsk.
Nour El Sayed is a member of the sports team ENPPI SC and joined the team at the start time specified by eNPPISC.
The Challengers is a game show distributed by Disney -- ABC Domestic Television and was created by Ron Greenberg.
Shaun Hutchinson participated in the 2009-10 Scottish Premier League as a member of a sports team.
Philippa York won the 1990 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré.
Abdennour Siouane was born in Algeria and started playing for the Algeria national under-23 football team.
Jay Lenton is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, and his stint with the team began at a specific start time.
Josh Archibald plays in the National Hockey League and his career started in the 2015-16 season.
Interstate 95 terminates at New Brunswick Route 95, indicating the direction of the connection.
Martin O'Toole was a citizen of the Irish Free State, which ended at a certain time.
Gardeihibey Zeo is a Liberian citizen who started playing for the Liberia national football team.
"Like Water for Chocolate" is a romance novel set in Mexico.
Roman Zharikov is a member of the sports team FC Tom Tomsk, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
The Chicago State Cougars women's basketball team plays in the Western Athletic Conference and competes at the Emil and Patricia Jones Convocation Center.
Michael Donskoff is a citizen of Russia.
Allison Janney stars in the episode "Twenty Five" of The West Wing, playing a character role.
Cameron Bayly is a member of the Bennelong SwissWellness Cycling Team, sponsored by Cervelo, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Rick Fitts plays a character role in the show "You Lucky Dog."
The Helmsley Building is an example of Beaux-Arts architecture and is located on Park Avenue.
Pappachen Pradeep is a member of the India national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
The National Association of Immigration Judges is affiliated with the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, though the specific start time of this affiliation is not provided.
Konstantynów, Sochaczew County is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a specific period.
Leonardo Jara is a member of the sports team Boca Juniors, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
John Francis Queeny was the chief executive officer of Monsanto.
Sadio Sow is a human who is a member of the sports team Gazélec Ajaccio.
Eduardo Gadiano serves as the head of government of Occidental Mindoro, starting from a specific time.
Cecilio Eloy Roy Enguita is the mayor of Cimballa.
Kashipur Junction railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Jagdalpur railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Henricus Franciscus Wiertz was born in Amsterdam, though the exact point in time is not specified.
WarBirds is a video game that can be played on MacOS.
The Las Vegas Aviators play at Las Vegas Ballpark, though the specific start time for their games is not provided.
The Hollywood Matador was produced by Walter Lantz Productions using traditional animation methods.
Manuel Perez is a footballer who joined Stade Brestois 29 and started playing for the team at a certain time.
Fabricio Carlos Costa Bento is a member of the Salgueiro Atlético Clube and started playing for the team at a certain time.
Vladimir Gorodetsky was a citizen of the Soviet Union until its end.
Sigurd Rushfeldt received the Kniksen Award for striker of the year and is a member of the sports team Rosenborg BK.
Steven Davis participated in the 2016–17 EFL Cup as a member of a sports team.
Kevin Killen won the Latin Grammy Award for Record of the Year at a certain point in time.
Jean Zimmer is a member of the sports team VfB Stuttgart, and the text also mentions the start time of VfB Stuttgart.
Kenneth Zohore is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Raiano railway station operates on Central European Time (CET).
Renato Ramos is a member of the sports team A.C. Barnechea, though the start time of his affiliation with the team is not specified.
Mahasti is buried at Pierce Brothers Westwood Village Memorial Park and Mortuary, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Michael Cooper was the winner of the J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award at a certain point in time.
Walter Gotell starred in the film Moonraker, playing a character role.
The University of Paris was replaced by the University of Paris 13 Nord at a certain point in time.
Jimmy Tomlinson is a human who is a member of the sports team Darwen F.C.
In the 1973 live-action film "The Three Musketeers," Spike Milligan played a character role.
Hairol Mokhtar is a member of the Sarawak FA, which started at a certain time.
Yoo Kyoung-youl is a member of the sports team Cheonan City FC, starting at a specific time.
The Saleen S1 is a car manufactured by Saleen.
Ramzan Asayev is a goalkeeper for FC Akhmat Grozny.
Darren Amoo is a member of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC soccer team, starting at a specific time.
Abdullah Mousa is a member of the United Arab Emirates national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Carli de Murga is a member of the Philippines national football team, though the start time of her involvement is not specified.
Irina Mikitenko participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Sacramento Republic FC plays in the USL Championship and their home venue is Papa Murphy's Park.
Nunukan Regency, with its capital in Nunukan, shares a border with Miri Division.
Leonidas Lee was educated at Princeton University and is buried at Rosehill Cemetery.
The 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II includes the singles event and was followed by the 2015 Grand Prix Hassan II.
David Gugganig is a member of the sports team FC Liefering and started playing for them at a certain time.
Jabari Arthur is a human who is a member of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Kairat Nurdauletov is a member of the Kazakhstan national football team.
The Indianapolis Colts won the Best Game ESPY Award at a certain point in time.
Goran Siljanovski is a member of the North Macedonia national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not provided.
Agustín Casanova is the mayor and head of government of Portoviejo Canton.
Peter Kaiser is the head of government and governor of Carinthia.
Sardor Mirzaev is a member of the Uzbekistan national football team, and his time with the team began at a specific start time.
Paolo Goltz is a member of Club Atlético Independiente, starting his tenure with the club at a specific time.
Valentyna Semerenko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award.
Karaulnoye is located in the Moscow Time zone, with its end time determined by Moscow Time.
Maria Skobtsova was born in Riga, which is in Latvia.
Ben Taskar's doctoral advisor was Daphne Koller.
André Micael is a member of the sports team F.C. Paços de Ferreira, though the start time of his involvement is not specified in the graph.
Jukka Koskinen, a footballer, is a member of FC Haka and joined the team starting from a certain time.
Catchphrase, a British game show, is distributed by ITV Studios and is presented in the English language.
Woody Harrelson stars in the role of Caesar Flickerman in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 2."
Bob Spargo Sr. is the father of Bob Spargo and is a member of the Melbourne Football Club.
"I've Got the Next Dance" was produced by David Foster and originates from the United States.
Zhao Deyin has the family name Zhao and is the parent of Zhao Kuangning.
Courtney B. Vance stars as a character in the film Let It Shine.
Sangerhausen station operates on Central European Time, which is valid in the specified period.
NTT Docomo trades on the New York Stock Exchange, and its listing on the New York Stock Exchange began at a specific start time.
Julien Durand is a footballer who plays for Gombak United FC, which started at a certain time.
Joseph Michael Sullivan held the position of auxiliary bishop and was consecrated by John J. Snyder.
Paul Haggis won the Valentine Davies Award at a certain point in time.
Antonio Ropero Morales is the mayor of Olocau.
Ottaviano Nonni was born in Bologna at a specific point in time.
Pauline Moore played a character role in the 1939 film "The Three Musketeers."
The film "First Monday in October" is based on the book of the same name and is named after the first Monday in October.
Chris Warren, born in 1981, attended Lakeview Centennial High School and is a member of the U.D. Oliveirense basketball team.
Takanomiya Station is adjacent to Matsue Vogel Park Station, with services running towards it.
David Fincher won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction at a certain point in time.
Radha Yadav represents India in sports and is a member of the India national cricket team.
Berkhamsted railway station is named after Berkhamsted and is located near the Grand Junction Canal.
Marcus Berg is a member of the Sweden national football team, though the specific start time for his tenure with the team is not provided.
Malik Asselah is a member of the Algeria national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
André Onana is a member of the sports team AFC Ajax, starting at a certain time.
Hans-Peter Tschudi is a member of the Swiss Council of States and is originally from Basel, Switzerland.
Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S. was directed by Yoshinori Sekiguchi and was originally filmed in the Japanese language.
Henderson Land Development trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, though the specific start time for its listing is not provided in the graph.
Wilfred Ndidi participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup as a member of his sports team.
Lewis Sergeant contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a subject role.
Andrei Alekseyevich Ivanov is a member of the sports team FC Sibir Novosibirsk, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Roman Sabler is a member of the sports team FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
The director of photography for "Price of Glory" is Affonso Beato, and the film was originally shot in the English language.
The Global Network Initiative includes Millicom as one of its members, though the specific start time for Millicom's involvement is not provided in the graph.
Davide Succi is a member of the sports team A.C. Cesena, which started playing under the name a.C.Cesena.
Rukwanzi Island is located in Uganda, though its status is disputed by some.
Eduard Martsevich received the title of People's Artist of the RSFSR and has a son named Filipp Martsevich.
Njabulo Ndlovu is a member of the Eswatini national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Fredrik Carlsen is a member of the sports team Aalesunds FK, though the start time of his association with the team is not provided in the graph.
Nicola Tomacelli held the position of diocesan bishop in a diocese.
Moskal-Charivnyk is a film or TV show produced by Dovzhenko Film Studios, originally in the Ukrainian language.
Kindrochit Castle is located in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Maximiliano Amondarain is a member of the sports team Elche CF Ilicitano, and the start time of his involvement with the team is specified.
Mark Rypien is a human who was a member of the Cleveland Browns.
Mike Coffman attended Aurora Central High School.
Henry Bruton contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a subject role.
Gifu Castle is named after Qishan County, which was named after Qishan.
Daniel Karamoy is a member of the sports team Persebaya Surabaya, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Roman Kreuziger was a part of the 2014 Tinkoff-Saxo season.
Mel Gibson played a character role in the film Mad Max.
Principal photography for "Captain America: The First Avenger" began, marking a significant event in its production.
Anthony Ribelin is a member of the sports team Montpellier HSC, starting at a specific time.
EPA Larnaca FC played as the participating team in the 1949-50 Cypriot First Division at their home venue.
Clodoaldo Paulino de Lima is a member of the sports team Figueirense FC, starting at an unspecified time.
César Abaya is a member of the Chad national football team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Serkan Yusein is a member of the sports team PFC Botev Plovdiv, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Abdullah al-Hamid earned an academic degree from Al-Azhar University.
William O. Brady held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
The Hal Rogers Parkway is maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet and is part of the numbered highways system in Kentucky.
Jean Lacouture's father was Joseph Lacouture, and he was married to Simonne Lacouture.
Bhavnagar Para railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Suhan Alagaratnam is a human who is a member of the Malaysia national cricket team.
Eustace II, Count of Boulogne, was a member of the House of Flanders and had a sibling named Geoffroy de Boulogne.
Yevgeny Lipeyev participated in the modern pentathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Durga Prasad Yadav resides in Uttar Pradesh and is a member of the Samajwadi Party.
Mounir Obbadi, a citizen of Morocco, started playing for the Morocco national football team.
Giuseppe Pizzardo holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Itako Station is adjacent to Nobukata Station, with trains traveling towards it.
Roger L. Jackson voiced a character in The Powerpuff Girls Movie.
Yves Feys is a human who is a member of the sports team Royal Antwerp F.C.
Thiruvallikeni railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun is a member of the Togo national football team, though the start time of his involvement with the team is not specified.
Alyaksandr Taykow is a member of the sports team Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Frank Edward McGurrin was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, which is located within the state.
Gilles Poux is the mayor of La Courneuve.
David Kiki is a member of the Benin national football team, which started at a certain time.
Pablo Llorente Jodra is the mayor of Bliecos.
Imran Qayyum is a member of the Kent County Cricket Club, which has a start time.
Robert Carradine is part of the Carradine family and has a sibling named Michael Bowen, who is an actor.
Rick D. Wasserman provided the voice for a character role in Batman: Arkham City.
The medal "For the Defence of Odessa" was designed by Nikolay Moskalyov and is made of brass.
Alice Pearce was born in New York City, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of New York.
Rafael Rodriguez Alonso is the mayor of Benafarces.
The Buckland riot took place in Porepunkah, with information about the sourcing circumstances.
Smailholm Tower is located in the Scottish Borders administrative territorial entity.
Patrick Bergin starred as a character in the 1998 film "The Lost World."
Shaun Marsh is a member of the Yorkshire County Cricket Club, which began its current tenure in 2018.
Minara Station (Ehime) is adjacent to Aidai Igakubu Minamiguchi Station, with trains heading towards it.
Upendra Yadav was born in Bhagawatpur, which is located in the administrative territorial entity.
Stander is a film produced by Seven Arts Pictures and directed by Jess Hall as the cinematographer.
The British Rail Class 312 has a total of 49 trainsets produced.
Karl Ullmann is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, which contains a statement about him.
Michael Dawson is a human who is a member of the sports team Hull City A.F.C.
Sizy Bugor is located in the Moscow Time zone, with its end time determined by Moscow Time.
John Obi Mikel is a member of the Nigeria national football team, which has a start time.
Andrei Konovalov was born in Chelyabinsk, which is in Russia.
Sewraj Dawochand was born in Mauritius and began his career with the Mauritius National Football Team.
"To the Stars" is a novel written in the English language and its main subject is dystopia.
Arkadiusz Milik participated in UEFA Euro 2016 as a member of a sports team.
Zsolt Kiss is a member of the sports team BFC Siófok and joined the team at a specific start time.
Fwayo Tembo is a member of the Zambia national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
DeForest Kelley played a character role in the episode "The Mark of Gideon."
Nonoichi Station (in Ishikawa) is adjacent to Oshino Station, with trains running towards it.
Lovely Rosa, born in 1933, competed in horse racing.
Bob Moore is a human who was a member of the Denver Broncos football team.
Brandon Bess is a member of the West Indies cricket team, and his tenure with the team began at a specific start time.
Captain Marvel features Jude Law, who plays a character role in the film.
Joan S. Valentine earned an academic degree from Princeton University.
Boyko Borisov was born in Bankya, which is a town in Bulgaria.
Joseph Worsley is a member of the sports team VfB Friedrichshafen, and the start time of his involvement with the team is provided.
Hans Dragendorff is a member of the German Archaeological Institute, holding a relevant role within the institute.
Emily Osment played the character role in the show Hannah Montana.
Eleanor Bron was partnered with Cedric Price and has a sibling named Gerry Bron.
Moussa Dembélé, a French footballer, is a member of Olympique Lyonnais, though the specific start time is not provided in the graph.
Leonardo Devanir de Paula is a member of the sports team Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube, and his start time with the team is noted.
Dugald William Dugald MacDougall is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Fedor Malykhin is a human who is a member of the sports team Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg.
Wang Hong is a member of the Wang family, whose father is the calligrapher Wang Xun.
Paul Angelis provided the voice for a character role in the film Yellow Submarine.
Harry Conway is a member of the New South Wales cricket team, and his stint with the team began at a specific start time.
Zhongsheng Group trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, though the specific start time for its listing is not provided in the graph.
Ron Livingston starred as a character in the miniseries Band of Brothers.
Robert Snodgrass was a member of the sports team that participated in the 2008–09 FA Cup.
Diego Collado Ciudad is the mayor of Acedera.
Onur Dogan is a member of the Chinese Taipei national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Dheem Tharikida Thom is an Indian film with S. Kumar (cinematographer) as the director of photography.
Carlos Brathwaite is a member of the Quetta Gladiators cricket team, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
Dean Gorré is a member of the sports team Blackpool F.C. and has a child named Kenji Gorré.
The Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line connects with the Hokuriku Main Line.
Michael J. Fox plays a character role in the Back to the Future franchise.
Jeffrey Garcia voices the character role in "The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius."
Louis Thauron skated in the 2016 World Junior Figure Skating Championships in ice dancing and was in business or sport with Angélique Abachkina.
Mirco Bergamasco is a member of the Zebre sports team, starting at a specific time.
Armands' name day is on April 22, which is celebrated in Latvia.
Laura Allen is a cast member who plays the character role in The 4400.
James Doohan played a character role in "The Ultimate Computer."
Izumo Sakane Station is adjacent to Miinohara Station, with trains traveling towards Miinohara Station.
The KM131 Jeep is a car model manufactured by Kia Motors.
Natalie Portman starred in the 2008 film "The Other Boleyn Girl" in a character role.
The Assisi Underground is an Italian film with production designer Luciano Spadoni.
Ken Kallaste was a member of the Estonia national under-21 football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Fellipe Bertoldo represents Brazil in his sport and is a member of Clube Atlético Guaçuano.
Batu Anam railway station operates according to the time zone used in Malaysia.
Luciano Vella is a member of the sports team Defensa y Justicia, though the start time of his association with the team is not specified in the graph.
Keegan Rosenberry is a member of the Philadelphia Union, starting at a specific time.
Joe Watson, a defenceman, is a member of the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Stouffville line terminates at the Lincolnville GO Station, which indicates the direction of the line.
Alojs Andritzki resided in Dresden until a certain end time.
Sowno, in Koszalin County, is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
California State Route 92 terminates in Half Moon Bay, California.
The Bede BD-8 is an aircraft designed by Jim Bede.
Yana Kalinina is a member of the Ukraine women's national football team, though the specific start time for her involvement is not provided.
The List of people from Comilla is a Wikimedia list article that includes citizens of Bangladesh.
Will Beer is a member of the Sussex County Cricket Club, and his start time with the club is mentioned.
Carlos Quintero, a cyclist, is a member of the Ningxia Sports Lottery -- Livall Cycling Team and started with the team at a specific time.
Martin Boehm, the dean, earned his academic degree from Reutlingen University.
Still Life with a Poem, painted in oil on canvas, is part of the collection at the Norton Simon Museum.
Goh Swee Swee is a member of the sports team Hougang United FC, which started at a certain time.
TAAG Angola Airlines was formed in Luanda, which is the capital city of Angola.
Harry McNulty is a member of the Ireland national rugby sevens team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
The Forum, an American magazine, is published in New York City, United States.
Drei Annen Hohne station operates on Central European Time.
Richard Lupino starred in the film "Just William" in a character role.
The Nankai Main Line connects with the Wakayama Line.
William Thorburn was a surgeon whose field of work was surgery.
Eugenio Donoso Gracia is the mayor of Valenzuela de Calatrava.
Ricky Garbanzo is a member of the Charleston Battery, and the team's start time is mentioned.
Colin McFarlane played a character role in "Batman Begins."
Jana Aranya is part of the Calcutta trilogy and follows Seemabaddha.
Carlos González Cruchaga holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Steven Pressley coaches Carlisle United F.C. and is a member of Randers FC.
Provincial road N763 in the Netherlands terminates in Oldebroek, heading in that direction.
Jack Brabham held both the fastest lap and pole position in the 1960 Lady Wigram Trophy race.
Carles Planas is a member of the sports team RC Celta de Vigo, and he started his career with the club at a certain time.
Thorsten Heins was the chief executive officer of BlackBerry Limited until his end time.
Kazak, Bulgaria, is located in the UTC +02:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
In "Batman Begins," Linus Roache played a character role.
Mohammad Reza Khalatbari, born in 1948, is a member of the sports team Steel Azin F.C.
Java Card OpenPlatform is an operating system developed by IBM.
Kiran Mokashi is a human who is a member of the Mumbai cricket team.
Grover Beach station is adjacent to San Luis Obispo station and connects to the Pacific Surfliner service.
Pat Carter is a human who is a member of the Arizona Cardinals football team.
Eduardo Arroz is a member of the sports team Treze Futebol Clube, and he started playing for the club at a certain time.
Marcus Claudius Marcellus, a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty, was born in Rome, which is a city in Italy.
Kings Weston House was designed by architect John Vanbrugh in the English Baroque style.
Ciaran Clark is a member of the Republic of Ireland national football team.
The Eastern Kentucky Colonels football team plays in the United States and their home venue is Roy Kidd Stadium.
The Kane County Chronicle is a tabloid newspaper published in St. Charles, Illinois.
Ernando is a member of the sports team Sport Club Internacional, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
David Veit is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
The Rolls-Royce Soar is a turbojet manufactured by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division.
Gabriel Agbonlahor was a participant in the 2011–12 FA Cup and a member of the sports team competing in the tournament.
Myongchon Station is located in North Korea's time zone and follows the time valid in that period.
Rita Saffioti earned an academic degree from Curtin University.
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz was born in Madrid, a city in Spain.
Hussein Abdulghani is a citizen of Saudi Arabia and started playing for the Saudi Arabia national football team.
The 2016 AFL season was won by the Western Bulldogs, with the Fremantle Football Club among the participating teams.
Byglandsfjord Station, designed by architect Paul Due, is a heritage site in Norway.
The Duel, a 2010 film produced in the United States, was filmed in Croatia.
Rafael Alves Targino is a member of the sports team FC Osaka and joined the club starting from a specific time.
Tom Hiddleston stars in the TV series "The Night Manager" in a character role.
Simon Peter Poh Hoon Seng holds the position of titular bishop in a diocese.
Bunnpris is a food retail company under the parent organization NorgesGruppen.
Paul Ginisty was born in Paris, which is in France.
A Tribute to Courage is a depiction of Sam Houston created by David Adickes.
The Liezen District contains the administrative territorial entity Hall bei Admont, but the end time for Hall bei Admont is not provided.
Count Alucard is a character created by Robert Siodmak, and his father is Count Dracula.
Kristian Laferla is a human who is a member of the Malta national football team.
Anne Jeffreys was born in Goldsboro, North Carolina, which is located within the state.
Elizabeth Warren was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries.
Eric Roberts starred in the film "The Dark Knight" in a character role.
Yeshey Dorji is a member of the Thimphu City FC team, and the start time of his involvement with the team is mentioned.
Jim Earl is a screenwriter for The Daily Show, and the graph also mentions a start time associated with him, though the specific time is not provided.
Paul Lake is a human who is a member of the sports team Manchester City F.C.
Imran Sahib is a member of the sports team Tampines Rovers FC, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Marcus Danielson is a member of the sports team GIF Sundsvall and joined the team starting from a specific time.
John Harris Browne is a citizen of Australia, starting his citizenship at a certain point in time.
Hendrik Hansen plays for Germany in the Bundesliga.
Stefano Okaka is a member of the Italy national football team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Ahmed Omran is a member of the sports team ENPPI SC and started with eNPPISC at a certain time.
Emma Ermawati was a participant in the 2000 Asian Badminton Championships mixed doubles event and is married to Budi Santoso.
Shahar Ginanjar is a member of the Indonesia national football team, which has a start time.
Pavlo Savelenko is a member of the sports team FC Avanhard Kramatorsk, starting at a certain time.
Jackson Willison is a member of the sports team FC Grenoble and joined the team at its start time.
Sonny Bill Williams is a member of the New Zealand national rugby union team, though the start time of his tenure with the team is not specified.
Mahammed Dionne is the Prime Minister of Senegal, starting his term in office.
The Allen Institute for Brain Science was founded by Paul Allen.
Edward Joseph Hanna held the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
Kim Hae-sook plays a character role in the film "The Throne."
Abdenour Amachaibou is a member of the sports team FC Gießen, and his start time with the team is noted.
Amit Guluzade is a member of the sports team Sumgayit FK, and he started playing for the team at a specific time.
Clayton Lewis was a member of the New Zealand national under-20 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Ribesalbes is the patron saint of Saint Christopher and shares a border with Fanzara.
Geoffrey Ghesquière is a member of the sports team Olympique Saint-Quentin, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Ilir Azemi is a member of the Kosovo national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Terry Godwin is a member of the Carolina Panthers, though the specific start time for his involvement is not provided.
The Ahmadnagar Sultanate is located in Asia and shares a border with the Adil Shahi dynasty.
Bob McCulley is a human who plays in the National Hockey League.
The European Library ceased operations on December 31, 2016.
Utah State Route 92 connects with Interstate 15 in Utah, which is located within the state's administrative territorial entity.
The New Zealand DSJ class locomotive was manufactured by Toshiba.
The 1927 film "Light Cavalry" was directed by Werner Bohne and starred Vivian Gibson.
Phil Bardsley is a member of the Scotland national football team.
Luis Ravaschino is a member of the sports team Sportivo Barracas, and he started playing for them at a specific time.
Georgios Kolokoudias is a member of the sports team Apollon Limassol FC, and he started playing for the team at a certain time.
Frank Moniz is a member of the Kearny Scots sports team, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Eevamari Rauhamäki resided in Rovaniemi at a specific point in time.
Edward Norton produced the film "25th Hour" and also played a character role in it.
Bruce Douglas is a member of the rugby union team Bristol Bears, which started playing at a certain time.
Gordon Medd was born in Birmingham and began his career with Birmingham City F.C.
Barbary Coast, a TV series, was created by Douglas Heyes and is produced in the English language.
Alacan railway station is located in the Philippine Standard Time zone, which is valid in the specified period.
Karl Adolph von Basedow is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
George Galloway was a candidate in the 2016 London mayoral election and is a member of a political party.
Pavol Grman is a member of the sports team FC Nitra, and he started his time with the club at a specific start time.
Rowdy Rebel started working with Epic Records in 2012.
Alan Mineiro is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
Norm Greeney is a human who is a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball team is based in the United States.
James McAvoy stars in the 2019 film "Glass," playing a character role.
Josete Miranda is a member of the Getafe CF B team and started playing for them at a specific time.
The Bellanca 14-13 is an aircraft manufactured by AviaBellanca Aircraft.
RadPHP is an integrated development environment developed by Embarcadero Technologies.
Darrell Pace participated in the men's individual archery event at the 1984 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The Chiavari chair is a type of chair designed by Giuseppe Gaetano Descalzi.
Nishiyama Station in Fukuoka is adjacent to Sangamori Station, with trains traveling towards it.
Adam Baldwin starred as a character role in the TV series Firefly.
Ernst Deger is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Samuel Timmins contributed to the Dictionary of National Biography, where he had a role as a subject contributor.
Shuanglian metro station operates according to the time zone in Taiwan.
Mikhail Glukhov represents Russia in sports and is a member of the Amur Khabarovsk team.
Jaouad Zairi is a member of the sports team A.P.S. Zakynthos, which started at a certain time.
Joseph Bartholomew held the position of Judge.
Leonhard Kaufmann is a member of the sports team SV Austria Salzburg and started playing for them at a certain time.
Manuel Battistini is a member of the San Marino national football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Aris Limassol FC plays at Tsirio Stadium, though the start time for their games is not specified in the given information.
Om (the band) includes Chris Hakius, whose time with the band ended at a certain point.
John Davies, a swimmer, participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Kai Holst is a breeder of animals or plants.
South West France, a wine region, includes Côtes du Marmandais and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dordogne.
Stevie Bonsapia is a member of the Indonesia national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Allahabad Airport serves Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Peter Connors holds the position of auxiliary bishop in the diocese.
Pedro Orozco held the position of titular bishop in a diocese.
Little Nicky is a cat born on October 17, 2004.
Djimon Hounsou stars as a character in the 2010 film "The Tempest."
Ken Baumann starred as a character in the TV show "The Secret Life of the American Teenager."
Kostadin Slaev is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Vereya.
Seyfarth Shaw is a limited liability partnership, which applies to the jurisdiction of its formation.
Cape Otway Lighthouse is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and is located on Cape Otway.
Mamadou Mbodj is a member of the Senegal national under-23 football team, though the start time of his involvement is not specified.
Jeremy Staunton is a human who is a member of the sports team London Irish.
Daru Taumua is a member of the American Samoa national football team, though the start time of the team is not specified in the given information.
Stephen Robinson was a crew member on STS-95.
Mos Def played a character role in the film "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."
Cirie Fields resides in Norwalk, Connecticut, and her family name is Fields.
José Antonio Rodríguez, a Mexican footballer, is a member of C.D. Guadalajara, starting his tenure with the team at a specific time.
An Phoblacht is published in Belfast and is written in the Irish language.
Chidozie Awaziem is a member of FC Porto B and started playing for the team at a specific time.
Sergej Evljuskin is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team, and he started playing for them at a certain time.
Dean Sylvester is a human who plays in the National Hockey League.
The Sumlock ANITA calculator, manufactured by Bell Punch, is an instance of a calculator.
The Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections fall under the category of Staffordshire Moorlands District Council elections and take place in the United Kingdom.
Petar Patev is a member of the sports team FC Dunav Ruse, and he started playing for the team at a certain point in time.
Eric Campbell played for the New York Mets, starting with the team at a certain point in time.
Edgar Snow, who was married to Helen Foster Snow, is buried at Peking University.
Maurice Tadman is a member of the sports team Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Bernard Le Gall is the mayor of Mahalon.
Luis Rogel is a member of the sports team Coquimbo Unido, and he started with the team at a specific time.
Japan National Route 138 started being maintained in 1953 and is managed by Yamanashi Prefecture.
Gilbert Rey is a human who is a member of the sports team FC Lausanne-Sport.
Adam Ruud is a human who is a member of the Charlotte Eagles sports team.
Fethi Missaoui participated in the light welterweight boxing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award.
The Mohafiz vehicle was designed and manufactured by Heavy Industries Taxila.
Tommy Kirk starred as a character role in the 1959 film "The Shaggy Dog."
Bald Rock National Park is located in New South Wales and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Japan National Route 454 started being maintained in 1993 by Akita Prefecture.
The Dornier Delphin is a flying boat manufactured by Dornier Flugzeugwerke.
Dan Tudin is a member of the sports team Ritten Sport, and the text also mentions that Ritten Sport has a start time.
Lecce railway station operates on Central European Time (CET).
Peter Bourke is a cast member who plays a character role in S.O.S. Titanic.
Malkajgiri railway station operates under Indian Standard Time.
Yan Naing Aung is a human who is a member of the sports team Yangon United F.C.
FC Tiraspol plays in the Moldovan National Division and their home venue is Sheriff Stadium.
Masquerade premiered on January 18, 1852, at the Alexandrinsky Theatre.
Kelechi Iheanacho was a member of the sports team participating in the 2015–16 Premier League season.
Franklin Roosevelt Bueres is a member of the sports team Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, and he started playing for the club at a specific time.
Domingo Kamonga is a citizen of Namibia and started playing for the Namibia national rugby union team.
Anthony Daniels voices a character in Star Wars Rebels.
Texas State Highway 220 is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation and is part of the Texas state highway system.
Joanna Priestley earned an academic degree from the University of California, Berkeley.
France Crowning Art and Industry, created by Georges Diebolt, is made of limestone.
Kanonen was designed by Werner Stengel and manufactured by Intamin.
Utah State Route 92 connects with U.S. Route 89 in Utah, which is located within the state's administrative territorial entity.
Merode station is connected to rapid transit and is adjacent to Montgomery metro station.
Thilina Suranda, a citizen of Sri Lanka, started playing for the Sri Lanka national football team.
Gordon King is a human who is a member of the Stanford Cardinal football team.
The Plain White Banner is white and includes the Manchu Plain White Banner as part of its designation.
Caozaiguo originates from China and includes glutinous rice.
TruePic is a type of image processor manufactured by Olympus Corporation.
Gabriel Iglesias voices a character in the movie UglyDolls.
HMS Holland 1 underwent a ceremonial ship launching at a specific point in time.
California State Route 20 terminates in Fort Bragg, California.
Ryszard Prostak participated in the men's basketball competition at EuroBasket 1981.
"At the Center of the Storm" is written in English and focuses on the Central Intelligence Agency as its main subject.
Sanborn Maps are a collection of maps that apply to jurisdictions in the United States.
Gerard Brennan resided in Sydney at a certain point in time.
James Hart Stern was born in Los Angeles, though the exact circumstances of the sourcing are not specified.
A.J. Edds is a member of the Iowa Hawkeyes football team. His given name is A.
Márk Jagodics is a member of the Hungary national under-21 football team.
Novoshipunovo is located in the Omsk Time zone, which ends at a specific time.
Badarpur Junction railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Place Dalida is named after the Egyptian singer Dalida and shares a border with rue de l'Abreuvoir.
Charles Taze Russell was born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which is located in the United States.
Shirburn Castle was designed by architect Henry Yevele, though the specific sourcing circumstances are not detailed in the given information.
Vossem, Germany is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a certain period.
Aidil Zafuan is a member of the Malaysia national football team, and his start time with the team is mentioned.
"The Raven" was published in the New-York Mirror, though the specific publication date is not provided in the graph.
Nikolaj Hust is a member of the Denmark national under-21 football team.
Jean Aberbach has a sibling named Julian Aberbach and is related to Freddy Bienstock.
Maria Dolors Guàrdia Gasull is the mayor of La Tallada d'Empordà.
The 1939 film "Dora Nelson" features Carlo Ninchi in its cast, and it is distinct from another work also titled "Dora Nelson."
The Malaysian Communist Party was dissolved in 1987, and it operates in Malaysia.
Larvell Blanks played as a shortstop for the Cleveland Indians.
Koji Miyoshi is a member of the sports team Kawasaki Frontale, which started at a certain time.
Nilakshi de Silva is a human who is a member of the Sri Lanka national cricket team.
Ryan Perry is a human who is a member of the Washington Nationals sports team.
Ronald MacDonald holds the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Kirti Patel is a human who is a member of the Madhya Pradesh cricket team.
Paul Scherrer's doctoral advisor was Peter Debye, and he is a member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
Fergana is the capital of the Fergana Region.
Aminou Bouba is a citizen of Cameroon and played for the Cameroon national football team.
Georg Samuel Dörffel is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Michael Gothard stars in the film "For Your Eyes Only" in a character role.
Medusa Challenger was filmed in Chicago and was originally produced in the English language.
Demba Sow is a member of the Mauritania national football team, though the specific start time of his involvement is not provided.
Mapfre Stadium is sponsored by Mapfre, and the text mentions a start time related to Mapfre.
The Kawasaki KZ200 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine.
Patrick Modeste was born in Grenada and began his career with the Grenada national football team.
Nazarovka is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time defined in that timezone.
Manu Intiraymi plays a character role in the episode Q2 from Star Trek: Voyager.
The Tobu Kameido Line ends at Hikifune Station and connects with the Tobu Isesaki Line.
Megan Barker is a member of the Drops Cycling Team and joined the team at a specific start time.
Gates McFadden stars in the episode "Inheritance" of Star Trek: The Next Generation, playing a character role.
The Essen Zollverein Nord station operates on Central European Summer Time during its valid period.
Valeria Miranda is a member of the Mexico women's national football team.
Adam Kinzinger served in the Illinois Air National Guard, though the specific start time is not provided.
The Rocket Record Company was founded by Gus Dudgeon, who held a key role in the company.
Umegasawa Station is adjacent to Semine Station, with trains heading towards Semine Station.
Pierre J. Thuot was a crew member on STS-62.
Christos Palaiologos held the position of mayor.
Bridie Kean participated in women's basketball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
The Cuban Adjustment Act was signed by Lyndon B. Johnson.
Aleksander Karapetyan participated in the 1995 World Weightlifting Championships and received an award.
Olst railway station closed officially on 15 May 1936 and was adjacent to Deventer railway station.
Saint Lucia is a signatory to the Berne Convention as of a specific point in time.
The Studebaker Coupe Express is a truck manufactured by Studebaker.
The TSS Hibernia (1899) underwent a ceremonial ship launching at a specific point in time.
Gambling in Japan is a topic categorized under "Category:Gambling in Japan" and pertains to the gambling practices within the country of Japan.
Otto I, Duke of Bavaria, is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Little Deuce Coupe was published in the United States, though the specific publication date is not provided.
Robert Rauschenberg created a monogram artwork.
Alimi Ballard plays a character role in the show "Arrow of Time (Numbers)."
Jacinto Sanz Blasco is the mayor of Villaseca de Uceda.
Banjarmasin is the capital of South Kalimantan, though the specific start time of this designation is not provided in the graph.
The Carthaginian II is a ship that was assembled in Kiel.
The South Australian Railways East-West Stock was manufactured by South Australian Railways and assembled at the Islington Railway Workshops.
Robert Zimmermann, the painter, is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Croy, Switzerland is located in the Jura-Nord Vaudois District and its official language is French.
Roxann Dawson starred as a character in the episode "Infinite Regress" of Star Trek: Voyager.
Jennifer Ehle starred as the character role in the 1995 TV series adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.
IZOMBIE is created by Mike Allred and published by Vertigo Comics.
Waldemar Cierpinski participated in the men's marathon at the 1976 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Pompeo Mignucci held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
The Tendring District Council elections fall under the category of Tendring District Council elections and take place in the United Kingdom.
Karen Cushman is known for her notable work "Catherine, Called Birdy" and writes in the English language.
Silvia Hindorff participated in the Women's artistic team all-around event at the 1980 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Maurice LaMarche voices the character roles in Pinky and the Brain.
Knut Holmann participated in the Men's K-1 500 metres canoeing event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Susan Haskell plays a character role in the film Smart House.
Sam Sunderland won the 2017 Dakar Rally.
Maria Luisa Gil Pastor is the mayor of Fuente de Santa Cruz.
Francisco Javier Hernández Redero is the mayor of Huerta, Salamanca.
Anxious Nation is a work in English that focuses on the history of Australia.
The Lippisch Delta IV is an aircraft model designed by Alexander Lippisch.
The Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission's headquarters is located in Riverdale Park, Maryland.
"You, Me and the Apocalypse" originally aired on Sky One, which is based in the UK.
FC Kaliakra Kavarna plays in the Second Professional Football League in Bulgaria and competes at home at Kavarna Stadium.
"The Great Friendship" is set in the Caucasus during the period of 1919.
Rishi Reddi was born in Hyderabad, a city in India.
The Wild Wild West, distributed by Viacom from 1952 to 2006, is set in Los Angeles.
The Ridge Route terminates at Castaic Junction, California, which is a direction along the route.
The North Gloucestershire Combination Junior Cup is a rugby union competition.
Tracy Letts stars in the 2016 film "Christine," which is about Christine Chubbuck.
Japan National Route 302 is a limited-access road, which is part of the highway system.
The South Manitou Island Lighthouse is located on South Manitou Island and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Luxembourg contested seats for Member of the European Parliament in various electoral districts.
Rosa Markmann is a Protestant and was married to Gabriel González Videla.
Tamara Tyshkevich received the Order of the Red Banner of Labour and participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Nallasopara railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Juanita Millender-McDonald was a teacher who taught for an employer.
The Blantyre District uses the Malawi Lomwe language and shares a border with the Chiradzulu District.
Dan Hamhuis plays in the National Hockey League, starting his career there.
The Nippori-Toneri Liner connects with the Toden Arakawa Line.
Promsvyazbank is an open joint-stock company operating in the financial services industry.
Google Map Maker, developed by Google, was discontinued on March 31, 2017.
Marnie Hughes-Warrington earned her academic degree from Merton College, Oxford.
Bundesautobahn 62 terminates in Nonnweiler and runs in its direction.
Chris Romano appears as a cast member and plays a character role in "How I Met Your Mother."
The Tin Man miniseries was produced by Sonar Entertainment and was worked on using the English language.
"There Goes My Girl" was directed by Nicholas Musuraca and edited by Desmond Marquette.
Avery Brooks plays a character role in the film "A Time to Stand."
Ongudaysky District is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, which has a start time of 2 hours ahead of UTC.
Harichavank Monastery belongs to the Armenian Apostolic Church and is part of the Diocese of Shirak.
John Joseph Boardman holds the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
John Rooney holds the position of titular bishop for a diocese.
Vladimir Artemov participated in the men's artistic individual all-around gymnastics at the 1988 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Marie Ortal Malka participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.
The Metric Conversion Act was signed by Gerald Ford in a specific point in time.
Felix Ehrenhaft had Walter Thirring as a doctoral student, and this relationship occurred at a specific point in time.
The Ducati 851 is a motorcycle model manufactured by Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A.
Mourad El Mabrouk participated in the men's basketball competition at the AfroBasket 2013.
The Spirit of Eternal Repose is a sculpture created by Auguste Rodin.
Nechlin station is adjacent to Prenzlau railway station and is connected by the RE 3 service.
Cape Bonavista Light is a provincial historic site made of lumber.
Marian Buczek holds the position of auxiliary bishop in his diocese.
Mike Brkovich was drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks at a certain point in time.
David Huddleston appeared in "The Big Lebowski" with a character role.
Scott Bakula starred as a character role in the show Babel One.
The Soyuz-U, manufactured by Progress Rocket Space Centre, made its first flight on May 18, 1973.
Smack is a Linux Security Module licensed under the GNU General Public License.
In "The Trouble with Tribbles," Nichelle Nichols played a character role.
Posadowice is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which was valid during a specific period.
Robert Beltran plays a character role in the show "The Chute."
Levinus Hulsius is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Cabin Boy features Colleen Atwood as the costume designer and includes Ann Magnuson in its cast.
Barbados is a signatory to the Berne Convention as of a specific point in time.
Luiz Gustavo was a member of a sports team participating in the 2008-09 Bundesliga.
Talgat Musabayev was a crew member on Soyuz TM-19.
Tiffany Hines stars in the TV series Nikita, playing a character role.
Derrick O'Connor plays a character role in the TV series Alias.
Dennis Weatherby, an African American, works for the University of Notre Dame.
The Kuleana Act of 1850 is legislation that applies to the jurisdiction of Hawaii.
Francisca Iglesias Salgado is the mayor of Plasenzuela.
Carlyle Mitchell participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of a sports team.
Cleopatra's Wedge is a public art piece made from weathering steel.
Elizabeth Blair Lee played a significant role at Acorn Park.
House Ordos is a fictional noble family from the Dune universe.
"A River Changes Course" was directed by Kalyanee Mam and was originally filmed in the Khmer language.
Beihu railway station operates on the time zone valid in Taiwan.
Grigoriy Lvovitch Bondarevsky was born in Odessa, which is in Ukraine.
The Concorde ... Airport '79 features Cicely Tyson in its cast and was directed by photography from Philip H. Lathrop.
Kuromatsunai Station is operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company, which applies to part of their network.
Chak Rakhwal railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
G.D. Interclube, coached by Bernardino Pedroto, plays its home games at Estádio Joaquim Dinis.
Yekaterina Abramova competed in speed skating and received an award in the women's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Johannes Burman was born in Amsterdam, which is in the country of the Netherlands.
The Indian Hunter is a sculpture created by John Quincy Adams Ward.
Carmen Ejogo plays a character role in the film Selma.
Petrovsky Stadium was officially opened on July 26, 1925, and has undergone significant reconstruction.
The New Orleans Saints won Super Bowl XLIV, with the Indianapolis Colts also participating in the game.
South Carolina's official color is indigo, which starts with the letter "I".
John Bokyngham held the position of diocesan bishop over a diocese.
Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa stars in the TV series "Revenge" in a character role.
F. Trubee Davison had a relative named Artemus Gates, who represents a type of kinship.
Tom Felton stars as a character in the 2014 TV series The Flash.
Sven Authorsen partners in business or sport with Yvonne Schulz.
Ongudaysky District is located in the Omsk Time zone, which has an end time.
Kamel Sajid holds the rank of Lieutenant General in the Iraqi Army.
Amanda Weir participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Spantax Flight 275 operates a Convair 990 Coronado at Tenerife North Airport.
Bachelor Party Vegas, distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, features Lin Shaye in its cast.
The Autostrada A3 in Italy is maintained by Autostrade Meridionali and terminates in Naples.
The ONDAR Show was filmed at the Moulin Rouge and was originally produced in the French language.
Pablo Chiapella plays a character role in the show La que se avecina.
Kenny Tete participated in the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round as a member of a sports team.
Takefusa Kubo participated in the 2019 Copa América as a member of his sports team.
Ballastny Kuryer is located in the Krasnoyarsk Time zone, with its start time specified in that timezone.
Peter Cehlárik plays in the National Hockey League and his career began in the league's start time.
Aliy Zirkle resides in Alaska, starting her residence there at a specific time.
Mark de Jonge participated in the Men's K-1 200 metres canoeing event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Car2go is a GmbH organization that is a subsidiary of Daimler AG.
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama is affiliated with the University of London, which started in 1836.
In "The Saint's Return," Charles Victor plays a character role.
Maria Concepción Hernández Vicente is the mayor of Mogarraz.
Charles Bernstein was born in New York City, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of New York.
Wincentów, in Piaseczno County, is located in the UTC +02:00 time zone.
Jean Davy plays a character role in the production "Le Masque de fer."
Pere Tena Garriga held the position of auxiliary bishop in a diocese.
DKP Log Parser is a free software licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Johannes Voorhout is described in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie.
Grace and Frankie was created by Marta Kauffman and is produced in the English language.
The Spratly Islands are located in the UTC +07:00 time zone, with this time zone applying to part of the islands.
Aull, Germany is located in the UTC +01:00 time zone, which is valid during a certain period.
Sigh, a band, is signed with The End Records and features Junichi Harashima as part of its lineup.
Juma Darwish Al-Mashari was born in Oman and began his career with the Oman national football team.
Kolia Litscher's mother is Catherine Belkhodja, and he has a sibling named Jowan Le Besco.
Roy Kim started his work period in 2012 and plays the guitar.
Brian Hill is a human who plays in the National Hockey League.
Andres Alonso Casquero is the mayor of Cerecinos de Campos.
Shapingba District is twinned with Innere Stadt, and the process began at a specific start time.
Tsushima Airport has scheduled service to Fukuoka Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Wanshoulu station on the Xi'an Metro is adjacent to Tonghuamen station and serves as the station that travels towards it.
Ruth Dombey is the leader of Sutton borough council and serves as the head of government for the London Borough of Sutton.
Bob Kuhn held the position of Mayor.
Ponghak Station is located in North Korea's time zone and follows the time valid in that period.
The Ivory Ape, distributed by American Broadcasting Company, features Cindy Pickett in its cast.
José Milla y Vidaurre was born in Guatemala City, which is in the country of Guatemala.
Tony Anselmo was the animator for Oliver & Company.
Robert Moreno coaches the Spain national football team, and his tenure began at a specific start time.
Sean Paul performed the song "Cheap Thrills."
Kota Bharu railway station operates according to the time zone used in Malaysia.
Towngas China trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, though the specific start time for its listing is not provided in the graph.
Chhinnapatra was translated by Tridip Suhrud, whose language of work or name is indicated by "tridipSuhrud."
The Galitzin Triptych is painted on canvas.
Sam Carrick started his National Hockey League career at a certain start time.
The sphenopalatine foramen is a type of cranial conduit and is described in Gray's Anatomy (20th edition).
Junta de Villalba de Losa is twinned with Santa Fe, Argentina, though the specific start time of this twinning arrangement is not provided.
Seiran Khatlamadjian resides in Yerevan, though the start time of his residency is not specified.
Juan Dominguez Palermo resides in Buenos Aires, though the specific start time of his residency is not provided.
Soleil Moon Frye was born in Glendora, California, which is located within an administrative territorial entity.
Keitha Adams is the head coach of the Wichita State Shockers women's basketball team, starting from a specific time.
D.L. Hughley voices a character in Inspector Gadget 2.
Balrampur railway station operates on Indian Standard Time.
Dmitry Malyshko participated in the Biathlon World Championships 2019 and received an award.
Shido Station is adjacent to Orange Town Station and the line runs towards Orange Town.
Natassia Malthe stars as a character in the game BloodRayne 2: Deliverance.
Angie Harmon stars as a character in "Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker."
Igor Khankeyev was born in Omsk, which is a city in Russia.
Ogden Point is a place served by the transport hub in Victoria, British Columbia, operated by Helijet.
Bradley International Airport offers scheduled services to Edinburgh Airport, which is operated by the same entity.
Flintholm Station is located in the Central European Time zone, and this time zone is valid during a specific period.
The Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto was manufactured by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico and had its home port in Taranto.
Dorothy Marshall held the position of Councillor for an electoral district.
Valeriy Kriventsov was born in Donetsk, which is in Ukraine.
Jellyfish.com, an e-commerce company, is a subsidiary of Microsoft.
Jan Davis was a crew member on STS-60.
Cate Campbell participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and received an award.
Jamie Gillis is a cast member in "The Story of Joanna."
Audrey Dufeu-Schubert was educated at Jean Moulin University Lyon 3 and received an academic degree there.
Sokor is located in the Moscow Time zone, with its end time determined by Moscow Time.
Buenos Aires uses South Bolivian Quechua as a language and contains the administrative territorial entity Comuna 13.
Marilyn Anderson earned an academic degree from the University of Melbourne.
Talossa is a constitutional monarchy with Robert Ben Madison as its head of state.
Monika Cassens participated in the 1966/1967 GDR Junior Badminton Championships in the Women's singles event and is married to Claus Cassens.
George Nader plays a character role in the production "Sins of Jezebel."
N.T. Rama Rao played a character role in the film Thodu Needa.
Ahna O'Reilly was born in Palo Alto, California, which is located within the administrative territorial entity.
The ARP String Synthesizer is a musical instrument model manufactured by ARP Instruments.
Little Rock is the capital of Arkansas.
Herman Joseph Alerding held the position of diocesan bishop in his diocese.
Suling Wang is represented by Victoria Miro Gallery.
Idaho State Highway 167 runs through part of Elmore County, Idaho.
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra Foundation, an organization founded in 1981, is headquartered in Tel Aviv.
Atomic Antelope, a video game developer headquartered in London, was founded in 2009 and operates in the publishing industry.
Stephen Jay Gould was educated at Antioch College, where he majored in geology and received his degree.
Metro Santa Cruz, a tabloid newspaper owned by Metro Newspapers, was inception in 1994.
Eckener Point is a headland located in the Antarctic Treaty area on Antarctica, claimed by Argentina.
The Prairies and Pineywoods Wildlife Trail is a protected area located in Texas, United States, and offers views of the Sam Houston National Forest.
My Hero Academia is a shōnen manga published in Japanese by Tong Li Publishing and also released by Star Comics in Italy.
Kotsiubynske is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, located as an exclave within Kiev Oblast.
The Midland Railway 700 Class was operated by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane, with its service starting at a certain time and ending at another, though the specific times are not provided.
Andrew Corporation, a business founded in 1937, is headquartered in Westchester, Illinois, and operates in the United States.
The Bentley BR1, designed by W.O. Bentley and manufactured by Humber Limited, is a rotary aircraft engine.
Eric Betzig received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in a shared recognition with other recipients.
Swan Valley Anglican Community School, an Australian high school located in Western Australia, was established in 2006.
Sir Martin, a male horse born in 1906 in the United States, is the offspring of Ogden.
Thacher Montessori School, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a school that was established in 1971.
Durgapur railway station, located in Durgapur, was officially opened in 1855 and is operated by the Asansol railway division, connecting the Bardhaman--Asansol section.
The Melbourne Hunt Club, founded in 1853, is an Australian club organization dedicated to fox hunting.
The Disney Channel Romanian TV channel, which is a television station based in Romania, was launched in 2005 and broadcasts in the Romanian language.
Curly Sue was directed by Jeffrey L. Kimball and features Fred Thompson and Edie McClurg in the cast, with filming taking place in Chicago.
Apenheul Primate Park, established in 1971, is a zoo located in the Netherlands and a member of the Lemur Conservation Association.
The Goncourt Journal is a diary authored by Edmond and Jules de Goncourt and considered a creative work.
West Hallam railway station, located in the Borough of Erewash, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the nearby area of West Hallam.
Richwoods High School, located in Illinois, United States, was founded in 1957 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
ETV, a television channel based in India and owned by Ramoji Rao, was founded on January 1, 1995.
Jeongja station is adjacent to Sunae station, which is the starting point of a connecting line in a specific direction.
Holy Family Catholic School in Keighley, United Kingdom, was founded in 1965 and is located in the administrative territory of Keighley.
Robert Dennis is a human who participates in athletics.
Jerusalem Mill Village is a historic district located in Maryland, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rags is a musical theatre piece composed by Charles Strouse with lyrics by Stephen Schwartz and a libretto by Joseph Stein.
Talen Energy Stadium, designed by Rossetti Architects and opened on June 27, 2010, is home to Bethlehem Steel FC and is used for association football.
The Cessna 402 is an aircraft family manufactured in the United States by Cessna, based on the Cessna 411.
The Love Anthem, performed by Silambarasan and released under Sony Music, is a song that was published on December 27, 2011.
Salim Kerkar is a human who plays as a midfielder for Charlton Athletic F.C.
The Journal of Child Language, an English-language scientific journal published by Cambridge University Press, was first published on May 1, 1974.
KATK (AM) is a radio station that began operations in 1983 and is located in New Mexico, United States.
The Florida Board of Regents, an administrative body for universities in the United States, was established in 1965 and is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida.
Ben Coad is a human who plays cricket for the Yorkshire County Cricket Club.
The Carpet Frogs, an Canadian band formed in 1994, performs rock and roll music.
Stow Longa is a village and civil parish located in Huntingdonshire, United Kingdom.
The Crombie Street District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
West Fargo High School is a high school in the United States, located in West Fargo, North Dakota, and part of the West Fargo Public Schools district.
Besalampy District, the capital of which is Besalampy, is located in the administrative territorial entity of Melaky and is one of the districts of Madagascar.
Brass Monkey is a musical ensemble on Topic Records, and John Kirkpatrick is a part of the band, which performs English music.
The Library Services and Technology Act, an Act of Congress included in the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act, 1997, was signed by Bill Clinton in the United States.
Estádio Brinco de Ouro is operated by Guarani FC and has had a start time for its operations.
The Embassy of Russia in Ottawa is an embassy operated by Russia and located in the administrative territory of Ottawa, Canada.
Kubusia Puchatka Street is a street in Warsaw, Poland, named after Winnie-the-Pooh.
Fort Kaministiquia, an fort located in Ontario, Canada, was established in 1717.
The Windham Village Historic District, located in Windham, Vermont, United States, is an historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Alabama School of Fine Arts, a high school in North America, was established in 1971 and is located in Birmingham, Alabama, United States.
Fort Montgomery, located in Highlands, New York, United States, is a fort designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Mercyhurst Lakers men's ice hockey team is part of the Mercyhurst Lakers and plays ice hockey in the United States.
Ellerbe Becket, an architectural firm founded in 1909, has its headquarters in Minneapolis and is part of AECOM.
Samasource, a nonprofit organization founded by Leila Janah, is headquartered in San Francisco.
Lindsay High School in Texas is part of the Lindsay Independent School District and is located in Lindsay, Cooke County, Texas, United States.
Canning Highway is a road in Western Australia, Australia, and it was inaugurated in 1920.
Coniston Hall is a Grade II* listed English country house located in South Lakeland, United Kingdom.
Yana Uqhu (Oyón) is a mountain in Peru that is part of the Andes mountain range.
Sport Club Penedense is an association football club founded on January 1, 1909, in Brazil.
Keerampara is a village located in the Ernakulam district of India.
Sandwell Provincial Park, established in 1988, is a provincial park of Canada located in the Regional District of Nanaimo.
Dahan Institute of Technology, a college founded in 1977, is located in Xincheng, Hualien, Taiwan.
Three Sailors (1957 film), from France, was directed by Marc Fossard and stars Henri Génès and Jean Murat.
Tree Island is an island located in the South China Sea, part of the Amphitrite Group, and belongs to China.
Don Bosco College in Canlubang, a university located in Calamba, Laguna, Philippines, was established in 1963.
Roland Dervishi was a member of the sports team KF Elbasani, with details including start and end times and an acquisition transaction.
The Cosman Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York, United States.
The Turner -- LaRowe House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, is located in Virginia.
Ciprian Brata was a member of the sports team SR Brașov, with details including start and end times for his tenure and an acquisition transaction related to the team.
The Kiski School, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is a school that was established in 1888.
Deco Labels, a company based in Canada, was founded in 1962.
The East Waterford Lumber Company is a business headquartered in Philadelphia, United States, and operates as a railway company.
Tokyo Marble Chocolate is a romance anime and manga film from Japan, released on January 1, 2009.
Second Story Press, a Canadian publisher founded in 1988, is headquartered in Toronto.
René Sterckx was a member of the sports team S.V. Zulte Waregem, with details including the start and end times of his membership and the acquisition transaction related to the team.
L'âge de la traduction is a French-language book authored by Antoine Berman, published in 2008.
The Philippine National Oil Company, an oil and gas business, was established on November 9, 1973, with its headquarters in Taguig, and operates in the petroleum industry.
Abdoul Coulibaly is a human who plays as a midfielder for RSU F.C.
Kristian Kitov is a midfielder who plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad II.
Ridley Inc. is a business headquartered in Mankato, Minnesota, and its parent organization is Alltech. The company's stock is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Kangazha is a village located in the Kottayam district of India.
Geelong West St Peters Football Club, an Australian rules football club based in Australia, was founded on January 1, 1878.
Marie Christine is a musical theatre piece composed and written by Michael John LaChiusa.
WKEX is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1969, located in Virginia, United States.
The Petorca River is a river in Chile that drains into the Pacific Ocean and is part of the Petorca Basin.
Cristina Dinu is a human who resides in Bucharest and is a member of the Romania Fed Cup team.
Infant Annihilator is a deathcore band from Kingston upon Hull, United States, and is an instance of a rock and pop band.
St. Johnsbury Academy, a boarding school in the United States, was founded in 1842 and is located in St. Johnsbury, Vermont.
Beyond the Axis of Truth is a television show from Singapore, originally aired on Channel 8 and distributed by Mediacorp.
Big City Tour Live is a live album by Billy Crawford, released in 2005 under Universal Music Group.
The Internal Enemy is a book authored by historian Alan Taylor and was published in the United States on January 1, 2013.
Guisborough railway station, located in the United Kingdom and administratively part of Guisborough, is a train station named after the town it serves.
The Ross Tiger is a museum ship owned by the Ross Group and hails from the United Kingdom.
The JNR Class EF65 is an electric locomotive and a subclass of locomotive class, operated by the Japanese National Railways and manufactured by Fuji Electric.
The Crawford Art Gallery, an art museum located in Cork city, Republic of Ireland, was established in 1979.
The Jasper Yeates House, located in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
SHoP Architects, an architectural firm based in the United States since 1996, is notable for its work on the Barclays Center.
MODUL University Dubai, an institution founded in 2016, is located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 1994 All England Open Badminton Championships, held in Birmingham at Arena Birmingham, was an open championship that included the Women's singles event.
Road Commission Airport is an airport located in Alaska, United States, serving Denali Borough.
Bogra Sadar Upazila is an upazila in Bogra District, Bangladesh, with Bogra serving as its capital.
"My Dad Is Scrooge" is a Canadian film distributed by MarVista Entertainment, originally filmed in the English language and starring Jon Heder.
KSGN is a radio station located in California, United States, and it was founded on January 1, 1970.
Bosundhora is a Bengali-language drama film produced by Subhash Dutta, originating from Bangladesh.
Bill Bourke earned multiple academic degrees from the University of Melbourne.
Ridgeview Public Library, located in North Carolina, United States, is a public library that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Graduation Ridge is a ridge located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the Usarp Mountains in Antarctica.
KCNY is a radio station that was inceptioned in 2002 and is located in Arkansas, United States.
Fort H.G. Wright, an American fort, was established in 1898 and is located in Southold, New York.
The Narrabeen Man is a human skeleton fossil located in New South Wales, Australia.
BA Systems, a business founded in 2005, has its headquarters in Bangalore and produces networking hardware.
Milson Island is a river island located in the Hawkesbury River, New South Wales, Australia.
Lifeline, an organization founded by Alan Walker, a theologian, was established on March 16, 1963, in Australia.
Tom Schueller, a member of the Iowa Democratic Party and a human, speaks and writes in English.
Tuxtla Chico is the capital and a municipality located in the administrative territorial entity of Chiapas, Mexico.
Hadnall is a village and civil parish located in Shropshire, United Kingdom.
Inglesby is an architectural structure located in Victoria, Australia, designed by Harold Desbrowe-Annear.
UFC 77 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
The Iranian Volleyball Super League, an annual sports festival, was inceptioned in 1975 and focuses on volleyball in Iran.
The Adelphi Panthers represent Adelphi University and are a university and college sports club based in the United States.
The American Women's Voluntary Services, an organization based in the United States, was founded in 1940 and dissolved in 1968.
Hell Raiders is an American film distributed by American International Pictures, originally produced in the English language.
Ivan Markovski is a human who plays ice hockey as a defenceman.
Colasay District is a district in Peru, located in Jaén Province and sharing borders with Santa Cruz District and Cutervo.
The Doraemons is a Japanese manga series and anime that falls under the genre of comedy, aimed at children.
Interrogate is a punk rock band from the United Kingdom, formed in 1999 and categorized as an instance of a rock and pop band.
The Xerox Classic is a golf tournament that began in 2005, held in the United States.
Bryan's Store is a commercial building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York State, United States.
Douglas A. Boyd is a human who was educated at Denison University. His given name is Douglas and his surname is Boyd.
Boondooma Dam, located on the Boyne River in Australia, creates Lake Boondooma.
Fine Weather, a landscape painting by J.E.H. MacDonald, depicts Georgian Bay on canvas.
The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness is a wilderness area located in Wisconsin, United States, and falls under IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
Hansung Science High School, located in Seoul, South Korea, was founded in 1992 and is an international high school.
Rakie Ayola, a human from Wales, was educated at the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama and is married to Adam Smethurst.
Maktar is a municipality located in the Siliana Governorate of Tunisia, falling under the category of Maktar.
Pavel Lovgach is a member of FC Smorgon, with details including his start and end times for the transaction.
The Yunnan Normal University Business School, established in 2000, is a university located in Kunming, China.
St Aloysius College in Highgate is a Catholic school under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Westminster.
Michael Goonan is a member of the Tipperary Senior Football Team and is a human.
Mount Pleasant Township, located in Wayne County, Pennsylvania, was established on June 17, 1789, and is a township within the United States.
The National Basketball League of the Czech Republic, an instance of a sports league, was inceptioned in 1993 and focuses on basketball.
Takalarup is a town located in Western Australia, specifically within the Shire of Plantagenet, Australia.
Reimar Schefold works at Leiden University and has held a position there since a certain start time.
Experience is a reggae album by Lincoln Thompson, released in 1979.
The Outer Circle Trail is a rail trail located in Victoria, Australia, named after the Outer Circle railway line.
Traveling Vineyard is a company founded in 2001, headquartered in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
The Tmu-na Theater, located in Tel Aviv, Israel, was established in 1987 and is an instance of a theater structure.
Bridges Academy, a college-preparatory school located in California, United States, was founded in 1994.
Jim Wiemer was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres and played as a defenceman for the New York Rangers and the Peterborough Petes.
The Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences, an institution founded in 1787, is located in Pittsburgh, United States.
Anduki Airfield is an airport located in Seria, Brunei, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
Worcester Wanderers, an rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1871.
"It's a Long Way to Tipperary" is a song performed by Billy Murray, composed by Jack Judge, and written in the English language.
The United States lightship Nantucket II (WLV-613) is a museum ship operated by the United States Navy.
DFDS Seaways France, a business founded in 2012, has its headquarters in Dunkirk and is owned by DFDS.
The Polish Telegraphic Agency, a news agency founded in 1918 during the Second Polish Republic, was dissolved in 1939.
Bryn Gwyn stones is a stone circle and a scheduled monument located on the Isle of Anglesey, United Kingdom.
St Thomas School in Kalyan, located in Maharashtra, India, was established in 2000 and is an instance of a school.
Thale Musestieg station, an instance of a train station in Germany, was inaugurated on January 1, 2001, and is operated by DB Station&Service.
Excelsior Rugby Club is a sports team from New Zealand that competes in rugby union.
Borodulikha District, located in the East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan, was established on 17 January 1928 and is an administrative district.
Edward Rhodes Carswell, a human, worked in Atlanta and spoke English.
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour, formed in Copenhagen, performs pop music and features Mette Lindberg. However, it also incorporates grunge elements into its genre.
SUSE Linux Enterprise is a Linux distribution developed by SUSE and licensed under the GNU General Public License, which is part of the broader Linux ecosystem.
The Emerald Warriors RFC is a rugby union team that was inception in 2003 and competes in the sport of rugby union.
Gema Gili is a midfielder who plays for Levante UD Femenino.
Fleetwood is an English-language novel by William Godwin, which is an instance of a literary work.
Existential Psychotherapy, authored by Irvin D. Yalom and published in 1980, is a book written in English.
Baseball at the 1981 World Games was a sport competition held in the United States in 1981.
"The Secret" is a science fiction short story authored by Arthur C. Clarke and published on August 11, 1963.
The Ramlösa Open is a golf tournament that began in 1987 and is held in Sweden.
Motor Trader Magazine, an automobile magazine founded in 1998, is based in Malaysia.
Silence of the Heart, originally aired on CBS and distributed by the same network, is an English-language film directed by Isidore Mankofsky.
Shaheed Bulu Stadium is a stadium located in Noakhali District, Bangladesh, and is owned by the National Sports Council.
Rishworth railway station, located in Calderdale, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the nearby town of Rishworth.
Commercial Street in London is part of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, located in the United Kingdom, and connects with Hanbury Street.
Burning Fight is a cooperative gameplay Neo Geo game developed and published by SNK.
Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos is a locality in Mexico and the capital of the Tepelmeme Villa de Morelos Municipality.
Clinique, founded by Evelyn Lauder and part of the Estée Lauder Companies, was formed in New York City and produces lotion.
Sonic's Rendezvous Band is a compilation album released in 2006, featuring hard rock music by the band Sonic's Rendezvous Band.
Morning Express is a Singaporean television show that originally aired in 1995 and was produced in the Chinese language.
Busy Monsters is a science fiction novel authored by William Giraldi and was published on January 1, 2011.
Middleburg Plantation, a historic plantation located in South Carolina, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Montenegrin Second League of Women's Handball is a sports league for women's handball in Montenegro.
Angel's Frypan is a children's manga series about cooking, authored by Etsushi Ogawa.
Revention Music Center is a venue located in Texas, United States, and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Veggie Pride is a food festival that started in 2001, located in Paris, France.
WCHM is a radio station that began operations in 1992 and is located in Georgia, United States.
Group Home is an alternative hip hop musical duo from New York City, United States.
Tapton House, an English country house in the United Kingdom, is a Grade II* listed building and was occupied by George Stephenson.
The French Confession of Faith, authored by John Calvin and published in Paris, is an instance of Reformed confessions of faith written in the French language.
The bean machine, invented by Francis Galton in 1873, is an artificial physical object named after him.
Acacia is a British band that records with Radar Records and performs pop music.
Roanoke Rapids is a city in the United States, located in Halifax County, North Carolina, and falls under the category of Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina.
The Moppy River is a river located in New South Wales, Australia, and it flows into the Barrington River in New South Wales.
Theodoros Katsiaris was a member of the sports team Onisilos Sotira, involved in both the start and end times of his tenure, and through an acquisition transaction.
West of Fifty Lower Falls is a waterfall located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Roosevelt College in Marikina, an American school located in Cainta, was founded in 1933.
Commins is a village located in Denbighshire, United Kingdom.
The Tioga Hotel, located in California, United States, is a historic hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Jet Link Holland, an airline based in the Netherlands, was founded in 1998 and ceased operations in 2000.
Yamagola, produced by Vauhini Studios and originating from India, features cast members Nirmalamma and Rao Gopal Rao.
Veliky Ustyug is located in the Velikoustyugsky District, which has defined start and end times for its administrative territorial entity.
Pyatnitskoye Cemetery in Kaluga, Russia, was established in 1780 and is located in the administrative territory of Kaluga.
Pinegrove Memorial Park, a cemetery in Australia, was established in 1962 and is located in New South Wales.
Robert McKew is a human who was educated at Trinity College Dublin.
The Exploding Girl is an American film distributed by Oscilloscope, set in New York City and originally filmed in English.
Anacalypsis is an English-language written work authored by Godfrey Higgins, published in 1833.
Pop Unknown is an emo musical ensemble from the United States, signed to Deep Elm Records.
Vicky the Viking, created by Nippon Animation and originating from Japan, was broadcast until April 8, 1976, in the German language.
The Vancouver Island Junior Hockey League, an ice hockey sports league in Canada, was founded in 1965.
The Canada Building in Saskatoon, Canada, was built in 1913 and is located in the administrative territory of Saskatchewan.
The Philippine Olympic Committee, an instance of a National Olympic Committee, was founded in 1911 and is headquartered in Pasig, United States.
The Westover Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arlington County, Virginia, United States.
CD Valdivia is a basketball team based in Chile, founded on January 1, 1986.
Saltwood and Shorncliffe is a historic site listed on the Queensland Heritage Register and is located in Queensland, Australia.
James Michel held the position of Vice-President of Seychelles, with a start and end time, and was eventually replaced by someone else.
The Florida Times-Union is an English-language broadsheet newspaper published in Jacksonville, United States.
The East India DLR station is adjacent to Canning Town station, and the connecting line from Canning Town station heads towards there.
The Sand Band, an indie folk band formed in 2009 in Liverpool, is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Kyushu Ryukoku Junior College, an institution founded on January 1, 1878, is located in Tosu, Saga, Japan.
Holy Cross Cemetery, located in Colma, California, is a cemetery that was established in 1887 and is part of the United States.
Cuco Valoy, a human guitarist, performs in the genre of son cubano and has received the Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Dhahar is a human settlement located in the Badhan District of Somalia.
The City of Clarence is a local government area in Tasmania, Australia, and it contains South Arm, Tasmania.
Choi Wan South is a council constituency located in Wong Tai Sin District, China, and it was established in 1999.
Portage Lakes State Park, an Ohio state park located in Ohio, United States, was established on January 1, 1949.
Whaler's Monument, created by Knut Steen, is a monument located in Sandefjord, Norway.
Scarlet is a Japanese television drama screenwritten by Fumie Mizuhashi, originally produced in Japan and filmed in the Japanese language.
Glassell Park Elementary School is a historic school building located in California, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Finedon railway station, located in the administrative territorial entity of Isham, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the nearby town of Finedon.
Geoffrey Thomas Barnes is a human who was educated at Dover College, held the position of Secretary for Security, and speaks and writes English.
The Russian State Scientific Center for Robotics and Technical Cybernetics, an institution located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, was established on January 1, 1965.
On May 16, 1998, K.R.C. Genk won the 1998 Belgian Cup Final at King Baudouin Stadium.
Oakmere House is a Grade II listed building located in Hertsmere, United Kingdom, and it is an instance of a house.
The Lenoir Downtown Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina, United States.
The Scottish Public Pensions Agency, a government agency established in 1993, applies to the jurisdiction of Scotland within the United Kingdom.
Mjölby AI FF is an association football club founded in 1912, based in Sweden.
Richard Touko is a human who plays as a defender for the Cameroon national football team.
The ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release is an Australian award that was first given in 1987 as part of the ARIA Music Awards.
South Somerset Hydropower Group is a business in the hydroelectricity industry, headquartered in South Somerset, United Kingdom.
Kronk's New Groove is a comedy film produced by Disneytoon Studios and distributed by InterCom, originally filmed in the English language.
Intentional Talk is a television show that originated in the United States and first aired on MLB Network on April 4, 2011.
Mount Aureol is an association football club based in Sierra Leone, playing in the Sierra Leone National Premier League.
The Mahasu Devta Temple, a temple of national importance, is located in the Dehradun district of India.
DPS International School Singapore, an international school, was founded on April 19, 2004, and is located in Singapore.
The 2001 FIBA SuproLeague Final Four was a basketball competition held in France during the 2000-2001 season.
IMG College is a business founded in 2007, based in the United States and part of the IMG company.
Leighfield is a village and civil parish located in Rutland, United Kingdom.
KFEL is a radio station that began operations in 1971 and is located in Colorado, United States.
SNCF Class Y 8400 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive and part of the SNCF locomotive class, manufactured by Arbel Fauvet Rail and operated by SNCF.
Int'Air Îles, an airline based in the Comoros, began operations in 2007 and has its hub at Ouani Airport.
St Helens Airport, located in Tasmania, Australia, is operated by the Break O'Day Council and serves as an airport.
Bapatla Engineering College, an engineering school established in 1962, is located in Andhra Pradesh, India.
Marlboro High School, located in New York state, United States, was founded in 1967 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Drummers Focus, a school founded in 1982, is located in Germany with its headquarters in Bavaria.
Pennington Railroad Station, located in Pennington, New Jersey, United States, is a train station listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Himeji Hinomoto College, a junior college founded in 1893, is located in Himeji, Japan.
Riyad Bank, a business established in 1957, is headquartered in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Anopina ednana is a species taxon named after Edna Libby Beutenmüller and belongs to the genus Anopina.
The national economy of Lithuania, which is located in Lithuania, uses the Lithuanian litas as its currency.
Gerard Clarke is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Victoria cricket team. His given name is Gerard.
The T.R. Kelly House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Utah, United States.
RPS Inter College, a school founded in 1947, is located in Uttar Pradesh, India.
The Landsborough Highway is a road in Queensland, Australia, and it terminates in Morven, Queensland.
Knightdale High School is a high school in the United States, located in Knightdale, North Carolina, and part of the Wake County Public School System.
Saint Petersburg State University is located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, on a street within the city's administrative territorial entity.
Nha San Collective, an art museum located in Hanoi, Vietnam, was founded in 1998.
WFOB is a radio station located in Ohio, United States, and it was inception on January 1, 1948.
DundeeWealth is a public company that was founded in 1998 and has its headquarters in Toronto.
Gindokhar is a village in India, located in Haryana and shares a border with Bawal.
Sarah Jezebel Deva is a human who performs classical music as a vocalist and is a member of Angtoria.
Sacha Baron Cohen received the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor for his character role in 2018.
Wierzeja is a village located in Gmina Duszniki, Poland.
Santa Cruz das Flores is a freguesia (parish) in Portugal, established in 1508 and located in the administrative territory of Santa Cruz das Flores.
Brighton Place station is a metro station located in Cincinnati, United States, and connects to the Cincinnati Subway.
Cherry Boom is an alternative rock band based in Taiwan, signed to Universal Music Group.
Hazeldine is an alternative country band from the United States, signed to Glitterhouse Records and categorized under rock and pop music.
On June 19, 1988, FC Porto won the 1988 Taça de Portugal Final, which took place at Estádio Nacional, with Vitória S.C. also participating in the match.
Kenta Tanno was a member of the V-Varen Nagasaki sports team, with details including his start and end times and the acquisition transaction.
The White Horse Hotel in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia, is listed on the Queensland Heritage Register and is an instance of a hotel.
Dimitris Machairas is a midfielder who plays for Levadiakos F.C. and is a human.
The Maturango Museum, located in Ridgecrest, California, United States, was established on January 1, 1975, and is an instance of a museum.
Francesco Zizzari was a member of the sports team Pordenone Calcio, with his involvement starting and ending at specific times through an acquisition transaction.
Derek Hallas is a human who plays as a winger for Yorkshire Carnegie.
John Brown Lake is a lake located in British Columbia, Canada.
The Shelden Avenue Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan, United States.
Gallaorol is a human settlement located in the Gallaorol District of Uzbekistan and serves as its capital.
The Rock City Ladies Open is a women's golf tournament held in the United States.
Kymeta is a business founded by Nathan Kundtz on August 21, 2012, with its headquarters in Redmond, Washington.
The New Orleans Brass is an ice hockey team based in the United States, founded in 1997.
Mulki railway station, owned by Indian Railways, is a train station that connects to the Konkan Railway line in India.
Richard O'Kelly is a human who coached Hereford United F.C. and played for both Port Vale F.C. and Grimsby Town F.C.
The Afrikanisches Viertel is a neighborhood in Berlin, Germany, named after Africa.
Princes Bridge, designed by John Harry Grainger, was officially opened on October 4, 1888, and spans the Yarra River, carrying St Kilda Road through Melbourne.
John Candelaria is a human who played as a pitcher for the New York Mets.
Lombardy Hall is a house located in Delaware, United States, and is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Panachaiki Volleyball Club is a Greek volleyball team headquartered in Patras.
Bhaluka Upazila, established in 1917, is an upazila located in the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh.
Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport, located in Malang, Indonesia, serves the city of Malang and is an airport.
The Yilan Green Expo, a temporary exhibition held in Su'ao, Taiwan, began in 2000.
Carlos Paes was a member of F.C. Motagua, with his start and end times recorded in an acquisition transaction.
Vibank is a village in Saskatchewan, Canada, founded in 1908 and located in the administrative territory of Saskatchewan.
Middlesboro-Bell County Airport, located in Middlesboro, Kentucky, United States, was established on January 4, 1940, and is an airport.
Tvsdesign, a business established in 1968, has its headquarters in Atlanta and has received the Architecture Firm Award.
Fellowship Baptist College, an institution located in Kabankalan, Philippines, was founded in 1954.
"The Five Nations," authored by Rudyard Kipling and published in 1903, is a book now in the public domain.
CFAR-FM is a radio station in Canada, specifically located in Manitoba, and it was established on January 1, 1937.
The Ulm Railway Society, a registered association based in Germany, was founded in 1969 and operates as a pressure group.
Nooddorp is a human settlement located in Overschie, administered by the Government of Rotterdam in the Netherlands.
Nikola Rak is a human who plays as a midfielder for HNK Gorica.
The Dagger Complex, an architectural structure in Germany, was inceptioned in 1951 and is located in Darmstadt.
Juan Alvacete is a human who plays as a defender for Club Atlético Tigre.
Zagross Khodro is a business founded in 1996, headquartered in Tehran, and operates in the automotive industry.
Karam is an album by Kimi Djabate, released under the label Cumbancha in 2009.
Fleet Canada, an aerospace business, was founded in 2006 and has its headquarters in Fort Erie, Ontario.
Monster Allergy is an Italian comic book series, distinct from the Monster Allergy TV series, which is a derivative work based on it.
ZAS Airline of Egypt, an airline based in Egypt, was founded in 1982 and ceased operations in April 1995.
Interlaken is a town in Wasatch County, Utah, United States, established on May 20, 2015.
St Newlyn East is a village and civil parish located in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Luke Summerfield was a member of A.F.C. Bournemouth, with his tenure starting and ending through an acquisition transaction.
Jorge Alberto Vargas was a member of Deportivo Azogues, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Akaparambu is a village located in Ernakulam district, India.
Franklin House, located in Athens, Georgia, United States, is a commercial building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Justin Fargas, an African American and son of Antonio Fargas, plays for the Denver Broncos. His given name is Justin.
"The Decay of Lying," authored by Oscar Wilde and published in 1889, is a book written in the English language.
The Broken Anchor is a book in the Nancy Drew series, published by Grosset & Dunlap, written in English and illustrated by Philippe Daure.
Alundra is a game developed by Matrix Software and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, distributed on CD-ROM for the PlayStation console.
The Samsung R&D Institute India, based in Bangalore, was established in 1996 and serves as a business entity headquartered in India.
Sunlabob, a company founded in 2001, has its headquarters in Vientiane.
Francisco Escos, a human and midfielder, is a member of the Buffalo Stallions team.
State Highway 73 in Kerala, India, is owned by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the list of state highways in Kerala.
Dhin Veynuge Hithaamaigaa is a film directed by Ali Shifau, released in 2010, and produced in the Maldives.
Towaninny South is a locality in the Division of Mallee, located in Victoria, Australia.
Dragon Lord, an original Cantonese film from Hong Kong, was distributed by Koch Media and filmed in Hong Kong.
The West Cheshire Association Football League, an association football league founded in 1892, is based in the United Kingdom.
Nikos Kourellas is a human who plays as a midfielder for A.P.S. Zakynthos.
The 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualification was a football tournament held in Brazil in 2015.
The Pedro Echevarria House, a single-family detached home located in Boise, Idaho, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Stavanger Konserthus, a concert hall located in Stavanger, Norway, was inaugurated on January 1, 2012.
The North Manchester Covered Bridge, located in Indiana, United States, is a covered bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Danilo Neco is a member of Jeju United FC, with details on his start and end times with the team and information about the acquisition transaction.
A Broad Bellflower is a North Korean film originally published in 1987, produced in the Korean language.
Sumar is a city located in the Sumar District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Iran.
Joel Salatin, a human, received the Heinz Awards.
The 2012 National League Championship Series is a season of baseball that took place in the United States during 2012.
The Clement Geitner House is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina, United States.
The Tangarakau River is a river in New Zealand, located in Taranaki, and it flows into the Whanganui River.
Guilherme Siqueira was a member of the sports team S.S. Lazio, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and an acquisition transaction.
Electroputere VFU is a business founded in 1869 in Romania, with its headquarters located in Pașcani.
The Buzz of Delight is a band formed in Georgia, United States, in 1983 and specializes in rock and pop music.
Strathmiglo is a village in Fife, United Kingdom.
The Northport Branch is a railway located in Huntington, New York, United States, operated by the Long Island Rail Road.
The Boise State Broncos football team is an American football team based in the United States, playing their home games at Albertsons Stadium.
Leandro Montagud is a member of the sports team SD Ponferradina, and his involvement with the team includes an acquisition transaction with start and end times.
Charles Spencer Elementary School is a school located in Tifton, Georgia, within the Tift County School District, United States.
Ted Genoways, a human, received a Guggenheim Fellowship and was educated at the University of Iowa.
Micky Worswick is a human who plays as a midfielder for Skelmersdale United F.C.
Blockers, distributed by Universal Pictures, stars Ike Barinholtz and was edited by Stacey Schroeder with cinematography by Russ T. Alsobrook.
Bishop's Castle in Glasgow, United Kingdom, was a castle that was dissolved, abolished, or demolished in 1789 and is located in Glasgow City.
Every Eye is an English-language romance novel authored by Isobel English.
The Lake House in Waterford, Maine, is a house located in the Waterford Historic District of the United States.
Bernd Rupp, a human from Germany, plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach and speaks the German language.
The Minories is a museum located in Colchester, United Kingdom, and it was established in 1956.
Laos participated in the 2006 Asian Games, which took place in 2006.
The 2014 BRD Bucharest Open, organized by the Women's Tennis Association, was a tennis tournament held at Arenele BNR as part of the 2014 WTA Tour.
Paradeise Kiss, a film produced by Culture Convenience Club and Shodensha, is based on the manga of the same name and features Michiko Hada in its cast.
The Cahabón River is a river in Guatemala that originates in the Sierra de las Minas and flows into the Polochic River.
Josip Golubar is a human who plays as a forward for NK Olimpija Ljubljana.
Chalappally is a village in India, located in the Pathanamthitta district.
Rich Peverley, educated at St. Lawrence University, played centre for the Nashville Predators and was also a member of the Boston Bruins.
Centro Médico Excel is an architectural structure in Mexico that was initially conceived in 2018 and officially opened in 2007.
The Kosovo Police, established in 1999, is the police force of Kosovo, with its headquarters in Pristina.
Elena Tchaikovskaia, who competed in ladies' singles, received the awards of Master of Sport of the USSR and Merited Coach of the USSR. She was married to Anatoly Chaykovsky.
Bump Off Lover is a television show from Taiwan, originally filmed in Standard Chinese, with Angela Chang as one of its cast members.
KKIA (FM) is a radio station in the United States, located in Iowa, and it began operations in 1987.
The Korea Internet & Security Agency, an instance of a government agency in South Korea, was established on July 23, 2009, and is part of the Ministry of Science and ICT.
Dougall Media is a business in the mass media industry based in Canada, with its headquarters in Thunder Bay.
BRP Ang Pangulo (AT-25) is a motor yacht manufactured by IHI Corporation, based in the Philippines and homeported in Manila.
KSCL is a radio station located in Louisiana, United States, owned by Centenary College of Louisiana.
Ar Hyd y Nos is a lullaby performed by Glen Campbell, originating from the United States.
Gabriel Richard Catholic High School, located in Michigan, United States, was founded in 1965 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
CIGN-FM is a radio station in Canada, located in Quebec, which began operations in 2009.
The Saint's Second Front is a book authored by Leslie Charteris, originating from the United Kingdom and written in English.
The Open University of Catalonia has received the National Telecommunications Award, is a member of both the Confederation of Open Access Repositories and the European University Association, and includes the Biblioteca de la UOC as part of its facilities.
Fury Brook Farm is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York, United States.
The Grand Prix du Disque, a French music award, was instituted in 1948 and is conferred by the Académie Charles Cros.
Hatyai University, founded in 1997, is a university located in Songkhla, Thailand.
The Kanata Theatre, a community theatre in Ontario, Canada, was founded on May 1, 1996.
Mahindra Electric, an automotive business, was founded in 1994 and has its headquarters in Bangalore.
CommScope is a business founded in 1976 with its headquarters in Hickory, North Carolina, and listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Karl Schaefer, also known as Carl Schaefer, is a human.
Rebel City, directed in English and set in Kansas, was distributed by Monogram Pictures and filmed with cinematographer Ernest Miller.
The UIUC School of Information Sciences, founded in 1893, is an information school located in Champaign, Illinois, United States.
The Monticello Commercial Historic District, located in Monticello, Arkansas, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Selther is a business founded in 1970, headquartered in Mexico.
The 2004 Open Canada Cup was a season of association football held in Canada on January 1, 2004.
Walter Ardone is a human who plays as a midfielder for Geylang International FC.
Grampian, Pennsylvania, a borough located in Clearfield County, was established on January 1, 1805, within the United States.
Edward Gunston is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Victoria cricket team.
Foxboro Hot Tubs, based in the San Francisco Bay Area, plays garage punk and punk rock, featuring Billie Joe Armstrong.
The Ohrigstad River is a river in South Africa, located in Mpumalanga, and its mouth is at the Blyderivierpoort Dam.
The Stephen Pangburn House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New York State, United States.
Spindle Geyser, an instance of a geyser located in Yellowstone National Park, is situated in Teton County, Wyoming, United States.
Paul McCartney's "Up and Coming Tour" ran from March 28, 2010, to June 10, 2011.
Shadrinsk is located in the Shadrinsky District, which had a start time and an end time.
The North Sydney Sewer Vent, located in New South Wales, Australia, is an instance of a sewer vent and is listed on the Heritage Act - State Heritage Register.
Young Actors Space, a drama school in the United States, was founded in 1979 and is located in Los Angeles.
The Planet Internet Services was a business founded in 1998 with headquarters in Houston, and it ceased operations on November 15, 2010.
Jonathan Pryce is a human who received the Commander of the Order of the British Empire award and is in a relationship with Kate Fahy.
The 2015 Northampton Borough Council election, a local election in the United Kingdom, took place in 2015, following the 2011 Northampton Borough Council election.
UFC 185 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
H.R. Cox is a human who was educated at Indiana State University. His given name is H. and his surname is Cox.
Southchurch High School, an institution in the United Kingdom, was established in 2016 and is located in Southend-on-Sea.
Friday Live is an Australian television series originally aired on Sky News Australia and presented in the English language.
"The Universe Versus Alex Woods," authored by Gavin Extence and published on January 1, 2013, is a novel.
Sheregesh, an urban-type settlement in Russia, was founded on January 1, 1914, and falls under the category of Sheregesh.
Cayman International School, founded on January 1, 1994, is a school located on Grand Cayman in the Cayman Islands.
Porsgrunn Station, designed by architect Balthazar Lange, opened on November 24, 1882, and connects to the Vestfold Line.
Carley Gracie is the daughter of Carlos Gracie and a student of him, residing in San Francisco. She has a sibling named Rolls Gracie.
Cesarians 1 is an album by The Cesarians, produced by Craig Leon, and was published in 2009.
Ismail H'Maidat was a member of the sports team S.C. Olhanense, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Kamilla Rakhimova, a female tennis player born on August 28, 2001, is a human.
Muhammad Ridho is a member of the sports team ISP Purworejo, with information including start and end times for his tenure and an acquisition transaction related to the team.
The 1868 United States presidential election in Illinois was a Presidential election held on November 3, 1868, to contest the office of President of the United States.
Thebes Courthouse, located in Thebes, Illinois, United States, is a courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Marie Stopes earned a Doctor of Philosophy, educated at the University of Manchester, with her major in contraception, in 1910.
"Mother Love," a song by Queen, was composed by Brian May and written by Freddie Mercury, with the lyrics in the English language. This version of "Mother Love" differs from another work of the same name.
Glen Sather played as a winger in the National Hockey League, having been part of the Pittsburgh Penguins and the New York Rangers.
La Zarza de Pumareda is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Zamora and shares a border with Aldeadávila de la Ribera.
Danascara Creek is a river located in New York, United States, and it empties into the Mohawk River.
James King Blisworth F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, founded in 1898.
Lockyear College, a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, is located in Indiana.
G.K. Bharad Institute of Engineering, a university founded in 2009, is located in Rajkot, India.
John Vear is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Otago cricket team. His given name is John.
Timuquana Country Club is a sports venue located in Florida, United States, where golf is played.
Augsburg Park Library is a library branch located in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, operated by the Hennepin County Library.
The Rio Grande Valley Magic is an American football team that was founded in 2010 and is based in the United States.
Lady Liberty features Sophia Loren and Danny DeVito in its cast and was directed by Suso Cecchi d'Amico as the production designer with Alfio Contini as the director of photography.
The International Journal of Lower Extremity Wounds is a scientific journal published in the United States by SAGE Publishing, and it is written in the English language.
Partisan is an Australian thriller film written by Ariel Kleiman, originally produced in the English language.
Shaw Boulevard is a road located in both Pasig and Mandaluyong, Philippines.
The National Service Secretariat, an agency of the Ghanaian government, was established in 1973 under the Ministry of Education.
Ranford Road is a road in Western Australia, Australia, and it was established in 1980.
Emma Lung is a human who attended Newtown High School of the Performing Arts; her given name is Emma and her family name is Lung.
Pierre-Michel Lasogga, a German athlete, is a member of the sports team Hamburger SV.
Kampinos National Park, established in 1959, is a National Park of Poland and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Spencer Bachus was educated at Auburn University, where he earned an academic degree.
Tony Hemmings is a human who plays as a midfielder for Rocester F.C.
Clearwater Analytics, a business headquartered in Boise, Idaho, was founded in 2004 and operates in the financial services industry.
Ballarpur Industries, a business founded in 1945, is headquartered in Gurgaon, India.
The Waldo Covered Bridge is a road bridge located in Alabama, United States, and is an instance of a covered bridge.
The 1852 United States presidential election in Missouri was an instance of a Presidential election held in the United States in 1852, with the office of President of the United States up for contestation.
Eilat Ashkelon Pipeline Company, a business headquartered in Ashkelon, was founded in 1968 and operates in the petroleum industry.
Marianne C. Sharp is a human who was educated at the University of Utah. Her given name is Marianne and her surname is Sharp.
Antonio Patriota, the foreign minister, received the Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru and speaks Portuguese.
Donald Portway is a human who was educated at Downing College, Cambridge, and is employed by the University of Cambridge.
Belmond Hotel das Cataratas is a hotel located in Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil, operated by Belmond Limited.
Skytap, a business headquartered in Seattle, United States, was inception in 2006.
Menno Willems was a member of FC Den Bosch, with his start and end times recorded in an acquisition transaction.
Richard Dryden is a human who is a member of Exeter City F.C. and has coached Notts County F.C.
The Ralph Waldo Emerson House, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a National Historic Landmark and an instance of a house.
Mellowdrone is a musical ensemble based in Los Angeles, United States, known for playing lo-fi music.
The Toaroha River is a river in New Zealand, located in the West Coast region, and it flows into the Kokatahi River.
Kula Norinska is a municipality located in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County of Croatia, belonging to the category of Kula Norinska municipality.
Yemalur is a village in India, located in the Bangalore Urban district and shares a border with Marathahalli.
Drip Harder is an album by Lil Baby, produced by Frank Dukes, and released under Capitol Records.
Mike Custer is a human from the United States who plays as a forward for the Memphis Americans soccer team.
Al-Wehdat refugee camp, located in Amman, Jordan, was established in 1955 and is an instance of a refugee camp.
KTGG is a radio station located in Okemos, Michigan, United States, and it was founded in 1985.
Blue Planet is a tabletop role-playing game authored by Jeff Barber and John Harper, published in 1997.
WAGP is a radio station based in South Carolina, United States, which was established in 1986.
The Jetset, a rock and pop band formed in 1979, includes Melvyn J Taub and performs pop music.
Co-op High School, located in Connecticut, United States, is a high school founded in 1983 and classified as a North American high school.
Lamplugh Inlet is a fjord and bay located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Statue of Harvey W. Scott, a sculpture created by Gutzon Borglum, depicts Harvey W. Scott and is located in the United States.
The Lemuel B. Chase House, located in Massachusetts, United States, is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Ilijan Combined-Cycle Power Plant, located in Batangas City, Philippines, is an power station operated by Korea Electric Power Corporation.
The Avia B-135, developed and manufactured by Avia, entered service in 1942 and is an aircraft.
Angela Buxton is a human from the United Kingdom who was a member of the Great Britain Wightman Cup team.
Wombwell Central railway station, located in Wombwell, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the town it serves.
The Institute of Business Management, an institute founded in 1995, is located in Karachi, Pakistan.
Michael Gardawski was a member of VfB Stuttgart II, with his start and end times recorded in an acquisition transaction.
Silver Sands State Park, an instance of a Connecticut state park, is located in Connecticut, United States, and was established on January 1, 1960.
Pragaash is a rock and pop band formed in 2012 in Jammu and Kashmir, known for rock music.
Mother Joseph, a sculpture by Felix de Weldon depicting Mother Joseph Pariseau, is located in the National Statuary Hall Collection.
Alexander von Dörnberg was a human who held the title of Baron, received the Golden Party Badge, and was a member of the Schutzstaffel.
CHES-FM is a radio station in Ontario, Canada, which began operations in 2003.
Dom Pedro Hotels & Golf Collection, a hotel chain headquartered in Lisbon, Portugal, was founded on January 1, 1968.
Renan Brito Soares was a member of the sports team Xerez CD, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Australia Pacific Airports Corporation, an Australian fixed-base operator, was established in 1995 and has its headquarters in Gladstone Park, Victoria.
The Small Press Expo, which was founded in 1994, is a nonprofit comic book convention located in Bethesda, Maryland.
Jungle Heat is an American film produced by Aubrey Schenck, distributed by United Artists, and originally produced in the English language.
Rose Cottage and Early Slab Hut, a cottage located in New South Wales, Australia, is designated as a state heritage item under the Heritage Act.
Spirit Lake is a city located in Kootenai County, Idaho, United States, near another body of water also named Spirit Lake.
Crudo is an alternative rock band from the United States, and Mike Patton is a part of the band.
Taketoyo Thermal Power Plant, an oil-fired power station in Japan, was commissioned on January 1, 1966, and is located in the administrative territory of Taketoyo.
Himmelstalund is a park located in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden, and its main category is Category:Himmelstalund.
Thrikkadavoor is a village in India, located in the Kollam district.
Kilsyth railway station, located in North Lanarkshire, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the town of Kilsyth.
The Regional League Bangkok Area Division, an association football league in Thailand, was established in 2009.
S.C. Adelaide is an association football club based in Ghana, founded in 1995.
The 1979 South African Professional Championship is a snooker season that took place in South Africa in 1979.
Io is an American film produced by Jason Michael Berman and edited by Jeff Betancourt, with its original language being English.
The Chevelles is an Australian band formed in 1989, known for playing alternative rock.
Penningtons is a chain store headquartered in Toronto, Canada, operating in the retail industry.
Federalist No. 18 is part of The Federalist Papers and follows a specific publication date, which is followed by another paper in the series.
Albury Technical College, located in New South Wales, Australia, is a college listed on the Heritage Act - State Heritage Register.
Perfidia is a song performed by Nat King Cole, published in 1939 and written in the Spanish language.
The Pugh Dungan House is a single-family detached home located in Pennsylvania, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Han Kulker is a human who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Nena's album, which follows the album "Nena" and was produced by Manfred Praeker, is in the German language and is followed by the album "99 Luftballons".
Mountain View Waterworks, located in Arkansas, United States, is a waterworks facility that has been designated a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Vellavu is a village in India, located in the Kannur district.
The Theological Institute of Nîmes, a seminary in France, was established in 1989 and is located in the administrative territory of Uchaud.
Newsplayer, a business headquartered in London, was founded on October 1, 1999, and operates in the video industry.
WQJQ is a radio station that started in 2008 and is located in Barton, Vermont, United States.
Kojonup Reserve, a protected area in Australia, was established on January 1, 1996, and is located in Western Australia.
Parallel Virtual Machine, an instance of free software developed by the University of Tennessee, was inceptioned in 1989 and is licensed under BSD licenses.
St Andrews University F.C. is an association football club founded in 1887, based in the United Kingdom.
Eric Torkelson is a human who plays running back for the Green Bay Packers.
The Canberra Knights is an ice hockey team based in Australia, founded in 1981.
Nerve Radio is a radio station that was established on January 1, 1995, located in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.
Committee Entertainment, a business founded in 2006, is headquartered in Florida and owned by LiveStyle.
Olivia Hallinan, a human, was educated at the University of Manchester. Her given name is Olivia and her family name is Hallinan.
Fulcrum Gallery, an art gallery based in Manhattan, United States, was founded in 1993.
Triple Zero Heroes is an Australian television show that first aired on February 8, 2009, on the Seven Network.
Brooks Pond is a lake located in Massachusetts, United States.
Ecua-Andino Hats, a business founded in 1985, is headquartered in Guayaquil, Ecuador.
Alexander Schlager is a member of the sports team SV Grödig, and his start time with the team was part of an acquisition transaction.
Cat Tales Zoological Park, an zoo located in Washington state, United States, was established in 1991.
O Jibon Re is a film from India released on August 15, 2014, originally filmed in the Goalpariya dialects.
The Weatherford Downtown Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Weatherford, Texas, United States.
Eternity is a novel written in English about time travel, following Eon and preceded by Legacy.
New Sudbury Centre is a shopping mall located in Ontario, Canada, and it officially opened in 1957.
Miss Peru 2007 was a beauty pageant edition held in Peru in 2007 as part of the Miss Peru series.
Anna Kravtchenko is a human who plays the piano and received an award from the Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition.
The Chapel Street Historic District is a historic district located in Connecticut, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Nokia E61, a cell phone model manufactured by Nokia, follows the Nokia 9300 and was succeeded by the Nokia E71.
The Portage Historic District is a historic district located in Pennsylvania, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
David Norquist, a member of the Republican Party, holds the position of United States Deputy Secretary of Defense and was educated at the University of Michigan.
The Downtown Portsmouth Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Portsmouth, Virginia, United States.
Matan Vilnai is a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, where he has held a role starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Hills Memorial Library is a library listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire, United States.
The Yellow Line, a highway in Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil, was inaugurated on November 24, 1997.
The Gamble Place Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida, United States.
The Eggja stone is a Norse runestone and picture stone from Norway, depicting elements of Norse mythology.
Vincentian Academy is a school located in Pittsburgh, United States, and it was founded in 1932.
Vincent P. de Poix, a vice admiral in the United States Navy, received the Air Medal and was educated at the United States Naval Academy.
The 2016 Horizon League Women's Basketball Tournament is a season of basketball held in the United States on January 1, 2016.
The Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Darbhanga Pawan Express is a passenger train operated by the Central Railway zone in India, which is part of the rail transport system.
The Robert Louis Stevenson Branch Library, a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Los Angeles and features Spanish Colonial Revival architecture.
Cadillac Desert, authored by Marc Reisner and published in the United States on January 1, 1986, is a book.
KHLW is a radio station located in Tabor, Iowa, United States, and it began operations on January 1, 2012.
Hequembourg House is a single-family detached home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida, United States.
The Settlers of Catan is a historical fiction novel authored by Rebecca Gablé and published in 2003.
The Stetson University Campus Historic District, located in Florida, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Avanavancherry is a village located in the Thiruvananthapuram district of India.
Romario Williams was a member of the Orlando City U-23 team, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Michael Eneramo was a member of Espérance Sportive de Tunis, though the start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Queens Park AFC is an association football club based in New Zealand, founded in 1957.
Tomás Ribeiro, a male human born on April 30, 1999, is a football player.
Dizzy Nutter is a male human who plays baseball and is a member of the Charleston Senators team.
Apollyon Sun is a Swiss band that performs industrial metal, and Thomas Gabriel Fischer is part of the band.
Fergus Falls is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States, and it serves as the county seat of Otter Tail County.
Kirby Grindalythe is a village and civil parish located in Ryedale, United Kingdom.
Malawi Adventist University, established in 1969, is a university located in Ntcheu, Malawi.
The Capt. F. Deane Duff House, located in Florida, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2005 Vancouver municipal election, held in Canada, resulted in Sam Sullivan's victory.
WTAL is a radio station that was founded in 1979 and is located in Florida, United States.
Simon Hackney is a human who plays as a midfielder for Rochdale A.F.C.
Lina Galleazzi is a female painter and a human.
Philip Highway is a highway located in South Australia, specifically in the area around Elizabeth Grove, Australia.
AK Khan & Company, a business founded by Abul Kashem Khan in 1945, has its headquarters in Chittagong.
Saxby Chambliss was educated at the University of Georgia, which is located there, and earned an academic degree.
Western Grove High School is a state school located in the Ozark Mountain School District, Arkansas, United States.
Honduras, a member of UNESCO and the International Development Association, uses the Tol and Miskito languages.
Roggan River is a village located in Quebec, Canada, and is named after the river it sits next to.
Pipestem Resort State Park, an instance of a West Virginia state park located in the United States, was established on January 1, 1963, in West Virginia.
The Mask of Dimitrios is an English-language adventure fiction book written by Eric Ambler.
WLMB is a nonprofit television station based in the United States, which began operations in 1998.
Madhyamgram railway station, operated by the Sealdah railway division, opened officially in 1906 and is part of the Sealdah -- Bangaon line, with New Barrackpur railway station as its adjacent station.
The Luna Park Historic District, located in Charleston, West Virginia, United States, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Fredericksburg Academy, a school founded in 1992, is located in Virginia, United States.
Ellis Brigham is a business headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom, and operates as a brick and mortar company.
The Art Gallery of Burlington, an art museum in Canada, was established on January 1, 1978, and is located in Ontario.
Summit Lake State Park, an Indiana state park located in the United States, was established in 1988 and is administered within Indiana.
When Music Worlds Collide is a hip hop album performed by Crooked I, released on July 20, 2015.
Ludgrove School, founded by Arthur Dunn on January 1, 1943, is a boarding school located in Wokingham.
Alex Cazumba was a member of Esporte Clube Juventude, with a start and end time for his tenure, and this period was marked by an acquisition transaction.
The Blackburn Type D is an aircraft manufactured in the United Kingdom by Blackburn Aircraft and designed by the aviation pioneer Robert Blackburn.
ShiftMobility is a company that was founded in 2013 and has its headquarters in Foster City, California.
Mogral Puthur is a village in India, located in the Kasaragod district.
The Council for Industry and Higher Education, an organization based in the United Kingdom and headquartered in London, was established in 1986 and operates as a business entity.
José Asconeguy is a human who participates in cycle sport and is a member of Club Nacional de Football.
Tri-State Peak is a mountain located in Kentucky and Tennessee, both within the United States.
The DRG Class E 19 is an electric locomotive and part of the locomotive class, manufactured by AEG with a wheel arrangement of 1′Do1′.
Weatherford High School in Oklahoma is part of the Weatherford Public Schools district and is located in Weatherford, Oklahoma, United States.
Long Wave is an album by Jeff Lynne, released in 2012, following the Armchair Theatre album.
Ralston High School, located in Nebraska, United States, was founded in 1954 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The W.P. Mahoney House, located in Arizona, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Port Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in Nanaimo, Canada, and it officially opened in 1952.
Applied Solar is a business that was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Solana Beach, California, United States.
Forever Starts Today is a single by Linus Svenning, released on February 14, 2015, following his previous work.
Sviyazhsk railway station, located in Russia and owned by Gorky Railway, is a train station that was officially opened in 1893.
Happy Chef, a business founded in 1963, has its headquarters and formation location in Mankato, Minnesota.
Margaret Wiecek is a female mathematician who works at Clemson University.
The Templeton Common Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Templeton, Massachusetts, United States.
Selaiyur is a neighbourhood located in Chennai, India, on the continent of Asia.
The Rosa Parks Museum, an African-American museum located in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, is named after civil rights icon Rosa Parks.
Culatra Island is an island located in the Atlantic Ocean, within the Faro District of Portugal.
Blennerhassett Island is a river island located in West Virginia, United States, on the Ohio River.
Mitsubishi Aircraft Company, an aerospace manufacturer founded in 1928, is a subsidiary of Mitsubishi and was later succeeded by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
UFC 197 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Bella Vista Private School, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States, was founded in 2004 and is an instance of a school.
Early Autumn is an English-language novel and a literary work by Louis Bromfield.
Miss Plus America is a female beauty pageant inception in 2002, held in the United States with its headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee.
Misia's "Hoshizora no Live V Just Ballade" concert tour ran from July 7, 2009, to February 14, 2010.
Global X ETFs, a business headquartered in New York City, was formed and inceptioned in New York City in 2008.
Wang Burapha is a neighbourhood in Bangkok, Thailand, named after Buraphaphirom Palace.
Sujina is a village located in the Panjakent District of Tajikistan.
Ihor Chuchman, a Ukrainian footballer, plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod.
The Lee Weaver House, located in Arkansas, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blackburne is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada, and it shares a border with MacEwan.
Suzie Gold is an English-language film directed in London, distributed by Pathé and photographed by Daf Hobson.
The Bradley Braves men's basketball team represents Bradley University and competes in the sport of basketball in the United States.
The 2019 World Snooker Championship, held at the Crucible Theatre, followed the 2018 championship and was won by Judd Trump, who went on to play in the 2020 championship.
Margalit Finkelberg was educated at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where she pursued an academic major and earned her degree.
Pixies is a film released in 2015, originating from Canada and originally filmed in English.
California State Route 283 terminates at Scotia, California, and at U.S. Route 101 in California, within the state highway system of California.
Colegio Pestalozzi is a school in Buenos Aires, Argentina, founded on January 1, 1934.
BCycle is a bicycle-sharing system headquartered in Waterloo, Wisconsin, and operates as a business since its inception in 2010.
Buffalo is a city in the United States and serves as the capital of Dallas County, Missouri.
Sandusky High School is a state school located in the Sandusky City School District, Ohio, United States.
Ivan Bushko is a human who is a member of the Party of Regions and goes by the name Ivan.
Crockett Springs Cottage is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia, United States.
Atlanta Symphony Hall is a construction located in Georgia, U.S., and is owned by the Woodruff Arts Center in the United States.
Elliot Meyerowitz received the Balzan Prize for his work in a specific field, as of a certain point in time, and the prize is associated with his country of citizenship.
The 2012 CSIO Schweiz was a show jumping season held in Switzerland in 2012.
The Toyota i-unit is a car model manufactured by Toyota, introduced in 2005.
All Over the Place is a television series from the United Kingdom, originally aired on CBBC, and composed by Richie Webb.
Cross Telecom is a business that was founded in 1996, with its headquarters in Bloomington, Minnesota, operating in the telecommunications industry.
Luowenzao railway station is a train station located in Luowenzao, China, and it connects to the Beijing-Baotou railway line.
Dumbing Us Down, authored by John Taylor Gatto and published by Douglas & McIntyre in 1992, is a book.
Hackney Wick is an area in the London Borough of Hackney, United Kingdom, and it shares a border with Hackney Marshes.
Roy Harford is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
Jeff Baxter is a human who has worked with Warner Bros. Records since 1968 and was educated at Boston University.
Tamburlaine is a play in the English language, authored by Christopher Marlowe and belonging to the genre of theatre.
David O. Stewart, whose family name is Stewart, was educated at Curtis High School and is married to Nancy Floreen.
Majestic Hotel Cellars, directed by Pierre Montazel, stars Julienne Paroli and Raymond Rognoni and is based on the novel "Maigret and the Hotel Majestic."
Pidavoor is a village in India, located in the Kollam district.
Pedro Liriano is a human who plays as a pitcher for the Huntsville Stars.
Julian Jakobs was a member of the sports team Sportfreunde Siegen, with a start time and an end time for his tenure.
The J. Bruce Hain House, located in Alabama, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Tisco Bank, a public company, was founded in 1969 and has its headquarters in Bangkok.
Highgate United F.C., an association football club based in Jamaica, plays in the National Premier League.
Boulevard de la Zone is a boulevard located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris, France, near Gare.
Cross Club is a music venue that opened on January 1, 2002, in Prague, Czech Republic.
Hino Motors, a Kabushiki gaisha in the automotive industry, produces trucks and is a subsidiary of Toyota.
Tsuen Wan Government Secondary School, established in 1961, is a secondary school located in Hong Kong, China.
The Pacific Research Institute is a nonprofit think tank headquartered in San Francisco, United States.
Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and a human, speaks and writes in Spanish.
The 1936 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match held in Australia in 1936.
Niek Vossebelt is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Emmen.
The 1998 Insight.com Bowl is an American football bowl game that took place in the United States in 1998.
Philip Edeipo is a human who plays as a forward for Bayelsa United F.C.
Alfonso Camorani was a member of the sports team Spezia Calcio, with his involvement spanning from a start time to an end time through an acquisition transaction.
Rajeev Institute of Technology, an engineering school in India, was founded in 2008 and is located in Hassan, Karnataka.
The Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue, located in New Jersey, United States, is a synagogue listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Chathedom is a village located in the Ernakulam district of India.
Future Miracles is a hard rock album by The Ladder, released in 2004.
Gore Mountain is a mountain located in the Adirondack Mountains, New York state, United States.
The John Ward House, located in Salem, Massachusetts, United States, is a historic house designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Lepsy River is a river in Kazakhstan that flows into Lake Balkhash.
"Time for After" is an episode of a television series, directed by Larry Teng and originally published on December 3, 2017, in English.
Vytautas Valius, a human, received the Lithuanian National Prize for Culture and Arts and was educated at the Vilnius Academy of Arts.
Constable Hall, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in New York, United States.
Gallery Int Fashion Fair is a business headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, which was established in 2005.
The Burning Spear Society, an honor society founded in 1993, is headquartered in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.
Zhingyalov hats, a part of Armenian cuisine, originate from the Republic of Artsakh and are made using herbs.
Mahmoud Abbas, a Sunni Muslim and the spouse of Amina Abbas, holds the position of President of the State of Palestine and has a son named Yasser Abbas.
Acta Biotheoretica is a scientific journal published by Springer Science + Business Media, which began in 1935 and publishes works in the English language.
Fort du Mengant, a classified monument historique in France, is located in the administrative territorial entity of Plouzané.
The Westmorland Institution, a prison established in 1962, is operated by the Correctional Service of Canada in Canada.
The MY Ady Gil is a ship named after Ady Gil and is used by the United States, constructed from composite material.
Edna Boies Hopkins, an artist educated at the Pratt Institute, has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Hilliard is a town located in Nassau County, Florida, United States.
The William Westcott House, located in Florida, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Erriseask House, a restaurant located in the Republic of Ireland, was established in 1989 and has received a Michelin star.
The KiHa 283 series is a diesel multiple unit, belonging to Class (locomotive) and operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company, manufactured by Subaru Corporation.
Rajarshi Memorial Higher Secondary School, an institution established in 1942, is located in the Thrissur district of India.
Flynn is an Australian film produced in English, directed by Frank Howson and produced by Boulevard Films.
The 1966 World Figure Skating Championships, organized by the International Skating Union, took place from February 22 to 27, 1966, for the senior competition class.
Juan Andres Larré is a human who plays as a midfielder for Club Nacional de Football.
The Billings Wolves, an American football team based in the United States, were inception in 2014.
Chamblee is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
The Feusier Octagon House, a single-family detached home located in San Francisco, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Yanbu University College, established in 2005, is a university located in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia.
The Bank of Communications Building is a multi-storey urban building located on The Bund in Shanghai, China.
Backlundtoppen is a mountain located in Svalbard, Norway, named after Oskar Backlund.
Eramalloor is a village in India, located in the Alappuzha district.
Ardrossan Winton Pier railway station is a train station located in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, United Kingdom.
The New York Korean Film Festival, an annual film festival in the United States, was inception in 2001 and takes place in New York City.
Ambachew Mekonnen held the position of Industry Minister from a start time to an end time.
Gareth White is a human who plays cricket for the Cumberland County Cricket Club.
Luca Caputi is a human who plays in the National Hockey League and is a member of the Niagara IceDogs and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Antler Lake is a hamlet located in Strathcona County, Alberta, Canada.
Teenage Retirement is an album performed by Chumped, published in 2014, and written in the English language.
All About She is a band formed in London in 2010, originating from the United Kingdom and specializing in rock and pop music.
The 2000 Asian Speed Skating Championships, held in Mongolia, was an instance of a long track speed skating season in 2000.
Reedy Creek Dam is a reservoir located in Queensland, Australia.
Bates Battlefield is a historic battlefield located in Hot Springs County, Wyoming, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Newmachar railway station, located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the nearby area of Newmachar.
Trauma is an English-language scientific journal published by SAGE Publishing, focusing on emergency medicine.
Big Trout Lake Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada, operated by the Government of Ontario.
The Point Lookout Archaeological Site is an archaeological site listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States.
Baruj Benacerraf received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, shared with others, though the specific individuals are not mentioned in this graph.
St. Charles Catholic High School in Laplace, Louisiana, was founded in 1948 and is a high school in the United States, located in the state of Louisiana.
Dennis Sommers is a human who is a member of the Victoria Giants sports team.
The 1932 Democratic National Convention, held in the United States, took place in Chicago Stadium in 1932.
Keith Hamilton Cobb, a human, received the Soap Opera Digest Awards and was educated at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts. His given name is Keith.
The Higher Institute of Technology of Ivory Coast, an academic institution established in 2007, is located in Abidjan, Ivory Coast.
Dundowran is a locality in Queensland, Australia, located in the Electoral district of Maryborough.
NEC Solution Innovators, a Japanese business, was founded in 1975 and has its headquarters in Tokyo.
Chavara Thekkumbhagom is a village located in the Kollam district of India.
Motivation is a rock and pop band formed in Manchester, and Steve Garvey is one of its musicians.
Cameron Morra, a female tennis player born on September 20, 1999, is a human.
Qaidi is a film from India released in 1957, with music composed by O.P. Nayyar.
Philip Hanawalt, a human and member of the National Academy of Sciences, has a daughter named Lisa Hanawalt and a doctoral student named Jonathan Eisen.
The Nation Review was a Sunday newspaper in Australia that began in 1970 and ceased publication in 1981.
The South Patten River is a river in Canada that flows into the Patten River and is part of the James Bay Basin drainage system.
A Warrior's Heart is an English-language family film from the United States, starring Kellan Lutz.
KHKA is a radio station in the United States, located in Hawaii, with its inception on January 1, 1963.
The 2014 Russell Athletic Bowl is an American football bowl game that took place in the United States in 2014.
The Santa Fe 2913 is a locomotive manufactured by Baldwin Locomotive Works, originally from the United States, with a wheel arrangement of 4-8-4, located in Fort Madison, Iowa.
The Indonesia Warriors, an basketball team founded in 2011, plays its home games at The BritAma Arena.
Cosmopolitan Dock is a shipyard located in Hong Kong, China, where shipbuilding takes place.
Mount Cobbler is a mountain located in Victoria, Australia, within the Great Dividing Range.
TuS Metzingen is a handball sports club founded in 1861 and located in Germany.
Sophia Mundi Steiner School, an Australian high school located in Victoria, was founded in 1985.
Mattia Montini was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with details including start and end times and an acquisition transaction.
Sunfish Pond is a glacial lake located in New Jersey, United States.
The Battle of Philippeville, which took place on August 20, 1955, in Skikda, was part of the Algerian War.
The National Accreditation Board, a government agency in Ghana, was established in 1993 under the Ministry of Education.
Hurley Burley is a female Thoroughbred born in 1895 in the United States.
Swan Lake, located in South Dakota, United States, is a lake within the administrative territory of South Dakota.
The Bremner Historic Mining District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska, United States.
The Year of the Underdogz is a hip hop album performed by Young Noble, released in 2013.
Philippe Poissonnier is a human who participates in cycle sport and is a member of the Safir cycling team.
The Century Company, a publisher founded in 1881, is headquartered in New York City, United States.
Autobahn is a play written by Neil LaBute, first published in 2003, and performed in the English language.
Femina Miss India Bangalore 2013 was a beauty pageant edition held in India in 2013 as part of the Femina Miss India Bangalore series.
Asmaradana is a Malaysian television show that aired from March 9, 2010, to May 4, 2010.
Smolenskaya Mountain is a mountain located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the Petermann Ranges in Antarctica.
Sunshine Records, founded by Ivan Dayman on January 1, 1964, is an Australian record label distinct from other Sunshine Records.
The Chicago Night Express is a passenger train operated by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, running from Wheeling station in West Virginia and passing through Newark, Ohio.
The Tai Po District Council, which is part of the district councils of Hong Kong and applies to the Tai Po District in China, includes Tai Po District councilors.
Younger Hall, an音乐场馆，位于英国弗ife地区，始建于1929年。
Furdjel Narsingh was a member of the sports team SC Telstar, involved in a start and end transaction related to his acquisition with the team.
Rubicon Global is a privately held company headquartered in Atlanta Plaza, specializing in waste management.
Graceland, a novel by Bethan Roberts published in 2019, focuses on Elvis Presley as its main subject.
The Missouri Athletic Club Building, designed by architect William B. Ittner and located in the United States, is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dennis Raetz is a human who is a member of the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.
Elite Towers, an instance of a high-rise building, is located in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and was designed by P&T Group.
Old Colorado City is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, located in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The 2000 Mobile Alabama Bowl is a bowl game in American football that took place in the United States in the year 2000.
Andrés Vasquez was a member of Grasshopper Club Zürich, with details including his start and end times with the team and an acquisition transaction.
The Yerevan Circus, located in the Kentron District of Armenia, is a circus building that replaced the Yerevan State Circus.
Ottawa Technical Secondary School, a high school in Canada, was founded in 1973 and is located in Ontario.
Pique Newsmagazine, a tabloid newspaper based in Canada, was founded on November 25, 1994.
Acobamba District, with its capital in Acobamba, is located in the Acobamba Province of Peru and is one of the districts in Peru.
The Isaac Bargen House, located in Mountain Lake, Minnesota, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall that opened in 2004 and is located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
Tim Duncan received the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award at three different points in time.
Godfather's Pizza, an Italian restaurant chain with its headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska, was founded in 1973 and operates as a pizzeria chain.
Science Gallery, an instance of a science center, was inaugurated on February 1, 2008, and is located within Trinity College Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Josh Hare, a human and midfielder, plays for Gillingham F.C.
Block Mountain is a mountain located in Alberta, Canada, and is part of the Sawback Range.
The Rose is a Mandopop album released in 2003 by HIM International Music.
The Union Tour, a concert tour performed by Elton John, ran from October 19, 2010, to November 21, 2010.
Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love is a Filipino film distributed by Regal Entertainment, starring Boots Anson-Roa and J.C. de Vera.
WUPZ is a radio station that began operations in 1985 and is located in Michigan, United States.
Abdoulaye Coulibaly, a footballer born in 1988, was a member of AS Saint-Étienne from a start time to an end time.
The Ruse is an indie rock band from the United States, formed in Los Angeles.
The Madison County Courthouse in Florida was built in 1913 and is located in the United States, specifically in Florida.
Double Trouble, an Australian TV series on the Nine Network, aired from August 23, 2008, to November 22, 2008, with Basia A'Hern among its cast members.
MV Akdeniz is a ship manufactured by AG Weser, based in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Andrew Weisel House, located in Illinois, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The 2014 UST Growling Tigers men's basketball team is a basketball team based in the Philippines for the 2014 season.
River Valley High School is a state school located in Arizona, United States, and is part of the Colorado River Union High School District.
The Charles Lovejoy House is a historic house located in Massachusetts, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
HMS Berwick (F115) is a ship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, manufactured by Harland and Wolff.
Little Wonders, from the United States and signed with Atlantic Records, follows Streetcorner Symphony and was followed by Her Diamonds.
The Wright State Raiders men's basketball team is based in the United States and plays basketball, with their home venue being the Nutter Center.
Hartmann the Anarchist is an English-language science fiction novel authored by Edward Douglas Fawcett.
KSAZ-TV, a television station in the United States, was founded on January 1, 1953, and is located in Arizona.
Abdulfattah Adam is a human who plays as a forward for Al-Taawoun FC and represents Saudi Arabia in sports.
Lake in the Hills Airport, located in Illinois, United States, was established on January 7, 1958, and is an airport.
Northern Hearts AFC is an association football club founded in 1947, based in New Zealand.
UFC 99 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Sun Set is a progressive rock album by Klaatu, released in 2005.
Radio FFN, a German radio station, was founded in 1986 and has its headquarters in Hanover.
Salusa Secundus is a planet in the science fiction genre, created by Frank Herbert and originates from the Dune universe.
Rubicon is a British band that records with Atlantic Records and performs Gothic rock music.
Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum, located in Sunnyvale, California, United States, was established on September 27, 2008, and is an instance of a museum.
Sankat Mochan Mahabali Hanumaan is an Indian television series originally aired on Sony Entertainment Television, produced in Hindi.
The 2016 World Rugby Americas Pacific Challenge is a season of rugby union held in Uruguay in 2016.
The Botswana National Broadcasting Board, a government agency founded in 2000 and headquartered in Gaborone, is under the jurisdiction of the Botswana Telecommunications Authority.
Olds-Didsbury-Three Hills is a Canadian Alberta provincial electoral district that was established in 1979 and is located in the administrative territory of Alberta.
The Wake (2005 film), a Greek drama, was written by Nikos Panayotopoulos.
Fredericktown High School is a state high school located in Ohio, United States.
The San Francisco Symphony Chorus, formed in 1972, is a symphonic choir based in San Francisco, United States.
The Three Rivers Xplosion, an American football team based in the United States, was founded in 2011.
Iver C. Ranum High School, located in Colorado, United States, was established in 1961 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
FC Frederick is an association football team based in the United States, playing in the National Premier Soccer League.
The Arrowhead Library System in Wisconsin is a library system located in the United States and serves the administrative territorial entity of Wisconsin, including Edgerton, Wisconsin.
South Humber Bank Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located in England, United Kingdom, and is owned by EP Power Europe.
Phalombe is a city and the capital of Phalombe District in Malawi.
Full House Resorts, a business founded in 1987, has its headquarters in Spring Valley, Nevada, and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Orphans & Vandals is an alternative rock band from the United Kingdom, formed in London.
Emiliano Tarana was a member of the sports team S.S. Arezzo, with information available about the start and end times of his membership and an acquisition transaction related to the team.
Titavi FC, an association football club founded in 2000, plays its home games at the National Soccer Stadium in Samoa.
The World e-Sports Games, an instance of a sports league based in South Korea, began in 2004 and is played on Microsoft Windows.
Sugiyama Jogakuen University Junior College, a college in Japan, was founded in 1969 and is located in Chikusa-ku, Nagoya.
William VanDeSteeg is a human who plays as a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens.
Philips Stadion, named after Philips, is operated by PSV Eindhoven and is used for association football, with PSV Eindhoven as its occupant.
Mountainland Technical College, a public educational institution in the United States, was founded in 1989 and is located in Utah.
Red Bluff Municipal Airport, located in Tehama County, California, United States, was established on January 4, 1948, and is an airport.
The French Connection, adapted from Robin Moore's book and edited by Gerald B. Greenberg, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
National Highway 561 in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, part of the national highway system in India.
Tomoki Muramatsu was a member of the Honda FC team, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Freedom Now is an organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., founded by Jared Genser.
Luv FM is an English-language radio station in Ghana owned by Multimedia Group Limited.
Kelly Gough, a human educated at Trinity College Dublin, has a sister named Denise Gough.
The Chipettes are a group of fictional characters from the United States, known for their pop music, and they are signed with Liberty Records.
Martina Hingis received the Best Female Tennis Player ESPY Award at multiple points in time.
Smartwings, headquartered and formed in Prague, is owned by Roman Vik and operates from Václav Havel Airport Prague.
The Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor, which was established in 1986, is located in Massachusetts, United States.
Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University, an institution located in Lucknow, India, was established in 1996.
The Belarusian Nature and Environment Museum, which was established on July 25, 1983, is a museum located in Minsk, Belarus.
Stephen Frail is a human who plays as a midfielder for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Western Wolves FC is an association football club based in Australia, founded in 2008.
Diane L. Evans earned a Bachelor's degree in a specific academic major at an unspecified institution.
Madison Township is a township in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States, and it shares a border with Penn Township in the same county.
The Acadian House Museum, located in Nova Scotia, Canada, is a house that was established in 1997.
Pop Skull is a film produced by Peter Katz and Lane Hughes, directed by Adam Wingard, and originates from the United States.
ArGo Airways, an airline based in Greece, was founded in 2009 and operates out of the Nea Anchialos National Airport.
The Martin Berry House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey, United States.
Rockford Lutheran High School, located in Illinois, United States, was founded in 1964 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Eblen Center, an arena located in Tennessee, United States, is home to the Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles women's basketball team.
The Imperial College of Engineering is a historic educational complex located in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.
Jorge Bura Nogueira is a midfielder who plays for Clube Oriental de Lisboa and is a human.
Timothy Braun is a human who was educated at Columbia University School of the Arts. His family name is Braun.
The New Zealand cricket team's season in England in 1937 was a sporting event that took place in 1937.
The Carrian Group was a business founded in 1977 with headquarters in Hong Kong, and it dissolved in 1983.
Perry Como performed the song "Papa Loves Mambo," which was released by RCA Records in 1954.
PeoplesChoice Credit Union, a business founded in 1963, is headquartered in Biddeford, Maine, United States.
Daudnagar is a village in India, located in the Aurangabad district of Bihar.
The Living Soil, authored by Lady Eve Balfour and published by Faber and Faber in 1943, is a book.
East Rockhill Township, located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States, is situated near Tohickon Creek and is an administrative township.
Mill Creek Falls is a waterfall located in Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint, United States.
Jan Baptist Wolfaerts, the son of Artus Wolffort, is known for his notable work "Pastoral Scene with a Flute Player" and worked in both Antwerp and Italy.
"Constant Craving," composed by K.d. lang and Ben Mink, is in the English language and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
Miss America 1952 was a beauty pageant edition held in the United States in 1952, and its winner was Colleen Kay Hutchins.
Judi Patton, a human, was educated at the University of Pikeville and received the Kentucky Women Remembered award.
Royal Porthcawl Golf Club is a golf club located in the United Kingdom, operating as both a golf course and a sporting facility.
Percy Greene is a human who was educated at Jackson State University. His given name is Percy and his surname is Greene.
Quta K'uchu is a mountain located in the La Paz Department of Bolivia, part of the Andes mountain range.
Six Blanc is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps, Canton of Valais, Switzerland.
KXXN is a radio station located in Texas, United States, and it was inception in 2012.
Dr. Terror's Gallery of Horrors is an American horror film starring Rochelle Hudson and originally filmed in the English language.
Lyons is a locality located in Logan City, Queensland, Australia.
Sassafras Mountain is a mountain located in South Carolina, United States, within the Blue Ridge Mountains range.
Kennard High School is a high school located in Kennard, Texas, within the Kennard Independent School District of the United States.
Dariel Albo is a human who plays as a middle blocker for the Cuba men's national volleyball team.
The Maysville Downtown Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Maysville, Kentucky, United States.
ES Ouargla is an association football club founded in 2009, based in Algeria.
The Hy-Vee Triathlon, which originated in 2007, is a triathlon event held in the United States.
Thorne Colliery F.C. is an association football club based in the United Kingdom, playing in the Central Midlands Football League.
Hartington railway station, located in the Derbyshire Dales, United Kingdom, is a train station named after Hartington, Derbyshire.
Patrick N'Tolla was a member of the Rodez AF sports team, with details including his start and end times with the team and the acquisition transaction.
Jorge Wilmot, a human, received the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in Mexico and speaks and writes in Spanish.
Government Law College, Kozhikode, a university located in Kozhikode, India, was established in 1970.
Trevor Parkes is a human who is a member of the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Gob Squad is a German artist collective based in Berlin, specializing in performing arts.
KHCA is a radio station that was founded in 1990 and is located in Kansas, United States.
Annada Shankar Ray was educated at Patna University, where he earned an academic degree in his chosen major.
Petrit Hoxhaj is a human who plays as a midfielder for WKE.
Louis Alexis Desmichels, a French lieutenant general, served his allegiance to France and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery, speaking and writing in French.
Yeah! by Def Leppard is labeled under Mercury Records, produced by the band themselves, and is in the English language. This version of Yeah! is different from the original Yeah album by Def Leppard.
Carrollton School of the Sacred Heart, a high school in the United States, was founded in 1961 and is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
"Do n't Make Me Go" is a song performed by Johnny Cash, released under Sun Records in 1957.
Kristin Fortune, a human, competed in ice dance and was in business or sport with Dennis Sveum. Her given name is Kristin.
Cardigan Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station located in Ceredigion, United Kingdom, and is owned by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Peterborough Collegiate, a high school in Canada, was founded in 1827 and is located in Ontario.
Houssem Louati is a human who plays as a midfielder for CS Sfaxien.
"Why I Live at the P.O." is a short story authored by Eudora Welty and published in 1941. It is an instance of a written work.
Arauco Department, located in the La Rioja Province of Argentina, has its capital in Aimogasta and is an administrative department of the country.
Susan Glasser is a human whose given name is Susan and whose spouse is Peter Baker, a journalist.
The John M. Beasley House is a historic house located in Whitfield, Manatee County, Florida, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The John Brown Watson Memorial Library Building is a historic library listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas, United States.
The Peaceful Age, an Italian film, features cast members O.E. Hasse and Isa Danieli.
The Sheepscot River, located in the United States and a tributary of the Dyer River, flows into the Gulf of Maine.
The De Baca County Courthouse is a courthouse located in New Mexico, United States, and features Georgian architecture.
Se Fonto Kokkino is a Greek soap opera from Cyprus.
Bradley Rangers F.C., an association football club based in the United Kingdom, was dissolved in 1992.
Australia's Naughtiest Home Videos is an English-language TV show originally aired on the Nine Network and set in Sydney.
Horst Hamm was the commander of German submarine U-562, with a start and end time for his command, and he replaced a previous commander.
Call Me Mame, an English-language film produced by Irving Asher, was directed by Basil Emmott and originated from the United Kingdom.
Aldo Paniagua was a member of the 12 de Octubre Football Club, with details including the start and end times of his membership and an acquisition transaction related to the club.
The Butterfly stop is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It opened on 18 September 1988 and connects to Light Rail Route 610.
OutQ is an English-language radio station that was inceptioned in 2003 and is owned by Sirius XM Satellite Radio.
The 2001 Canoe Sprint European Championships, held in Italy in 2001, was a season of competitions for canoeing and kayaking.
York Gate is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with York Terrace East.
Didier Manaud, a human, competes in pair skating with his partner Sylvie Vaquero.
Encinillas is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Segovia and shares a border with Cantimpalos.
Pankaj Pachauri, a human, is a member of the Indian National Congress and was educated at St. John's College in Agra.
Archery at the 2014 South American Games was a sport competition held in Chile in 2014.
The Newberry College Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Newberry, South Carolina, United States.
Omer Arbel, a human, was educated at the University of Waterloo and resides in Vancouver.
Harbin Engineering University, founded in 1953, is a university located in Harbin, China.
The Cruz del Sur pipeline, an Argentine gas pipeline that extends into Uruguay, began operations on January 1, 2002.
Jubilee Trail is an English-language historical novel authored by Gwen Bristow.
Oniel Cousins is a guard in gridiron football and has played for both the Cleveland Browns and the Baltimore Ravens.
Aleksandr Ivchenko was born in Omsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Omsk, Russia.
"The Quest for Saint Camber," published by Ballantine Books, is written in English and follows "The King's Justice," with "King Kelson's Bride" coming after it in the series.
Brandsbutt Stone, a Scheduled monument and Pictish stone, is located in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom.
Terry Cochrane is a human who plays as a midfielder for Gillingham F.C.
Boullanger Island, named after Charles-Pierre Boullanger, is an island located in Western Australia, Australia.
St Mary's School in Cambridge was founded on January 1, 1924, and is a Roman Catholic girls' school located in Cambridge.
Suzanne Levine is a female human with the given name Suzanne and the family name Levine.
The 1981 AIAW National Division I Basketball Championship was a women's basketball competition held in the United States in 1981.
Kevin van Essen is a human who plays as a midfielder for SV Argon.
Armadale Academy, a secondary school in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1969, and is located in West Lothian.
The Nepal Volleyball Association is a sports governing body based in Kathmandu, Nepal, overseeing volleyball in the country.
The Icicle Thief, an Italian film set in Milan, received the Golden George award and features Renato Scarpa in its cast.
La Mierla is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Guadalajara and shares a border with Puebla de Valles.
The Twin City Liner, a ship owned by Wien Holding, was named after the Twin Cities and entered service in 2006.
Marble Arch tube station is adjacent to Lancaster Gate tube station and connects to lines that run towards Lancaster Gate.
Samuel Henley is a human who plays ice hockey for the San Antonio Rampage and is part of the National Hockey League.
Edward Sweet-Escott is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket.
The Facel Vega FVS is a luxury car model manufactured by Facel Vega, succeeding itself in the lineup.
The International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms is a scientific journal published in the United States by Begell House, and it is written in English.
The 1990 Sugar Bowl is an American football bowl game that took place in the United States in 1990.
Stefan Markolf was a member of the sports team KSV Baunatal, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Prairiland High School is a high school located in Pattonville, Texas, United States, and it belongs to the Prairiland Independent School District.
Bill Fulcher is a human who played as a linebacker for the Washington Redskins.
Danilo Dias was a member of Bandeirante Esporte Clube, with details including his start and end times with the team and an acquisition transaction.
The Kenton Theatre, located in Henley-on-Thames, United Kingdom, is a theater that officially opened in 1805.
Pritam Rani Siwach, a sportsperson from India, participated in both the 2002 Commonwealth Games and the 2002 Asian Games and received the Arjuna Award.
The Bank of Guatemala, a central bank established on December 11, 1945, is headquartered in Guatemala City and serves the country of Guatemala.
Teatro Verdi, located in Florence, Italy, is a theater named after Giuseppe Verdi.
Jeanette Dousdebes Rubio, a member of the Republican Party in the United States, is the spouse of Marco Rubio. Her given name is Jeanette.
The Offshore Reefs Archaeological District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
The End of Nature is a book published by Random House in 1989, authored by Bill McKibben.
VitaPerk, a limited liability company, was founded in 2010 and has its headquarters in Birmingham, Michigan.
The Armstrong Group of Companies, a business founded in 1946, is headquartered in Butler, Pennsylvania, and operates in the telecommunications industry.
RTS Svet, a television channel based in Serbia, was established in 1991 and has its headquarters in Belgrade.
Tarrant Launceston is a village and civil parish located in North Dorset, United Kingdom.
Gleb Klimenko was born in Khabarovsk, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Glintshake is a garage rock musical ensemble that was formed in Moscow in 2012.
Highpoint is a Canadian film originally in English, starring Christopher Plummer and Maury Chaykin.
Doug Camilli is a human who plays catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Jason Gummer is a midfielder who plays for Cardiff City F.C. and is a human named Jason.
Shenton Way MRT station, operated by SMRT Trains, opened on 2021 and is part of Singapore's Mass Rapid Transit system, adjacent to Marina Bay MRT station.
The Woolley River is a river in New Zealand, located in the West Coast region, and it flows into the Maruia River.
Skyrattler is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada, and it shares a border with Twin Brooks, also in Edmonton.
The Donohue Highway is a road located in both Queensland and the Northern Territory of Australia.
The 1999 National League Championship Series is a season of baseball held in the United States during 1999.
Newsweb Corporation, an organization based in the United States with headquarters in Chicago, was founded in 1971.
Wallace High School in Lisburn, United Kingdom, was founded in 1880 by Sir Richard Wallace, 1st Baronet, and is an instance of a grammar school.
The 2011 Balearic regional election was held in Spain on May 22, 2011, to elect members of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands.
BAZAN Group, a public company in the petroleum industry with its headquarters in Haifa, is a subsidiary of Israel Corporation.
Leopoldowo is a village in Poland, located in the administrative territory of Gmina Miastkowo.
The economy of Niue is its national economic system, focusing on categories specific to Niue's economic situation.
Damir Glavan is a human who plays water polo.
Nyhavn 51, a building in Denmark, was inaugurated in 1766 and is located in the Copenhagen Municipality.
KERP is a radio station founded in 2003, located in Kansas, United States.
The Cato House, located in Eufaula, Alabama, United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oracle Tower Bucharest is a building located in Bucharest, Romania, and it was officially opened in 2005.
Kenridge is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia, United States.
Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes, produced by Shin-Ei Animation and distributed by Lucky Red Distribuzione, originates from Japan and is in the Japanese language.
Nikolay Vasilev is a human who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Bulgaria and is a member of the National Movement for Stability and Progress political party.
Cape Henry is a headland located in Virginia, United States, near the Atlantic Ocean.
The H&E Paramotores Ziklon is a paramotor and an aircraft model manufactured in Spain by H&E Paramotores.
Jasikan College of Education, a teacher training college in Ghana, was founded in 1952 and primarily uses the English language.
The National Archives of Panama, established in 1924, is a national archives located in Panama with its headquarters in the Building of the National Archives of Panama.
Atruvera Aviation, an airline based in Russia with its headquarters in Saint Petersburg, was founded in 1993.
Wheelock, Vermont is a New England town located in Caledonia County, United States, and falls under the category of Wheelock, Vermont.
Tallgrass Beef Company, a business founded in 2005, has its headquarters in Chicago and operates in the beef industry.
The 1954 Brazilian legislative election was held in Brazil on October 3, 1954, to elect Brazilian federal deputies.
Marie Antoinette Marcotte worked in the Netherlands at a specific point in time, with a defined start and end time.
Jeff Baisley is a human who plays as a third baseman for the Toledo Mud Hens.
Bank SinoPac, a financial business established in 1992, has its headquarters in Taiwan.
HC Villars is a sports club founded in 1906 in Switzerland, specializing in ice hockey.
Wilson Gap is a mountain pass located in Virginia, United States, within the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Intohimo is a Swedish punk rock band formed on January 1, 2004.
Buck Creek State Park, an Ohio state park located in Clark County, Ohio, was established in 1975 and is part of the United States.
New Lebanon is a borough in Pennsylvania, United States, established in 1866 and located in Mercer County.
The Superior mine, located in British Columbia, Canada, is a mine that produces graphite.
Embeesea Kit Cars was a business headquartered in High Wycombe, which began operations in 1975 and ceased in 1983.
Luis Mayme is a midfielder who plays for Club Universitario de Deportes.
The Bond District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii County, Hawaii, United States.
Aleksei Antonov received the Order of the Red Banner at three different points in time.
Masters of Time is a work published by Fantasy Press, written in English and illustrated by Edd Cartier.
Onsen UI, an open-source software, was first released in 2013 under the Apache License.
Melanie Serrano was a member of FC Barcelona's women's team (FC Barcelona Femení), with a specific start time and end time for her tenure.
Roederer Estate, a business founded in 1982, is located in the United States and is owned by Louis Roederer.
Audition is a short film from the United States, released on January 1, 2007, in English.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey team, founded in 1997, is an ice hockey team based in the United States.
Mahlon Higbee was a male baseball player who played as a left fielder and was human.
The 2011 Kentucky Derby, an instance of horse racing, took place in 2011 and was won by the horse Animal Kingdom.
Susanna Phillips, a human, was educated at the Juilliard School. Her given name is Susanna and her surname is Phillips.
The Perfect Host, produced by Mark Victor and filmed in Los Angeles, is an American TV show originally produced in the English language.
Kamil Grabara is a member of Aarhus Gymnastikforening, with details on the start and end times of his membership and an acquisition transaction related to the team.
The Y.M. Rizer House, located in the United States, is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Second Empire architecture.
InterAirports is a business based in Honduras, operating in the aerospace industry.
Letters from Hanusse is an English-language novel published on January 1, 2000.
Twickenham Cricket Club, a sports club based in the United Kingdom, was founded on January 1, 1701, and specializes in cricket.
High Brows is an English-language novel and a literary work authored by Bruce Marshall.
Miss Venezuela 1995 was a beauty pageant edition held in Venezuela in 1995, with Alicia Machado emerging as the winner.
Oldfields School, located in Maryland, United States, was founded in 1867 and is an instance of a school.
The Mungo River is a river located in West Coast, New Zealand, and it flows into the Hokitika River.
Robert Day School, an institution in the United States, was founded in 2007 and is located in Claremont, California. It is part of the university system.
Holy Cross College in Ryde, Australia, was founded in 1891 and is located in New South Wales. It is an instance of a school.
Pine Richland Middle School is an institution in the Pine-Richland School District, located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Aguada Stadium is a stadium located in Aguada, Puerto Rico, United States, and is occupied by Puerto Rico United.
Kure Software Koubou, a video game developer based in Japan, was founded in 1985 and operates in the video game industry.
Snoma Finnish Cemetery is a historic cemetery listed on the National Register of Historic Places in South Dakota, United States.
Sai Ying Pun station, named after Sai Ying Pun, opened on March 29, 2015, and is part of the Island line of the MTR.
Basketball at the 1963 Mediterranean Games was a sport competition held in Italy in 1963.
Sandy Lake Airport is an airport located in Ontario, Canada, operated by the Government of Ontario.
The Queen Sofía Composition Prize is an award established in 1983, named after Queen Sofía of Spain, and based in Spain.
Alison Lapper, a human, was educated at the University of Brighton and her given name is Alison Lapper.
Football Night in America, a television show originating from the United States and originally aired on NBC, began on September 10, 2006.
Worthing Leisure Centre is a sports venue located in Worthing, United Kingdom, and it was officially opened in 1972.
Cédric Baseya was a member of Le Havre AC, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and an acquisition transaction related to his transfer.
The Corsica River is a river located in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States, and it flows into the Chester River.
Kally's Mashup is a television series that originated in Argentina and first aired on Nickelodeon Latin America on October 23, 2017.
Arthur Munds is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket.
Angasmarca District is a district in Peru, located in the Santiago de Chuco Province and sharing a border with the Pallasca District.
Lake Abita is a lake located in West Cook, Minnesota, United States.
The Sound City Sessions is an album that follows Clover (the band) and was published in 2006, after Clover.
Subash is a Tamil language film from India, written by R.V. Udayakumar and filmed in Ooty.
Red Barn Gallery, a photography centre, was established in 2008 in Belfast, United Kingdom.
The Shanghai Securities Exchange Building, designed by WZMH Architects, is a skyscraper located in Shanghai, China.
Sun City Palm Desert is an unincorporated community located in California, United States, established in 1992.
KERA, a radio station based in Dallas, Texas, was founded in 1973.
Galt Arena Gardens is a building located in Ontario, Canada, and it was officially opened on January 1, 1922.
The Old Village Historic District in Chatham, Massachusetts, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in the United States.
Miguel Coronado, a human and midfielder, plays for Unión La Calera.
Simon Richman is a human who plays as a midfielder for Worcester City F.C.
River Cocker, located in Cumbria, United Kingdom, flows into the River Derwent in Cumbria.
Doha College, founded in 1980, is a faculty located in Doha, Qatar.
Hamden Hall Country Day School is a private school located in Connecticut, United States, and was founded in 1912.
FYI Daily is a television series that originally aired on ITV2 in the United Kingdom, starting in 2010.
"The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses," published by Jacob Campo Weyerman, is a work in the Dutch language that follows "The New Theatre of Dutch Painters" and originates from the Netherlands.
Trinity Theatre, an Arts centre designed by Decimus Burton and designated a Grade II* listed building, officially opened in 1829.
The Marcona mine, operated by Freeport-McMoRan in Peru, produces iron ore.
Ferry Farm is a plantation located in Stafford County, Virginia, United States, and it is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
Kacper Ryx writes detective fiction primarily set in the Middle Ages, published by Wydawnictwo Otwarte in Polish.
Battle Harbour is a village in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, and it is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada.
Feather Falls is a waterfall located in Plumas National Forest, United States.
The Milwaukee Art Museum, designed by architect Santiago Calatrava and known for its high-tech architecture, was originally conceived in 2001 but officially opened in 1957.
Huff's Store is a commercial building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee, United States.
The Halifax Vandals, an rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, were inception on January 1, 1923.
Weimar Classicism is a cultural and literary movement designated as Kulturdenkmal in Germany.
The Manhan Rail Trail is a rail trail located in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, with one of its termini in Northampton, Massachusetts.
The Redondo Beach Unified School District, located in California, United States, was established in 1993 and is an instance of a school district.
Alison Milbank, an Anglican, has worked for both the University of Cambridge and the University of Virginia.
James Anderson was drafted by the San Antonio Spurs and played for them during a specific point in time.
WLNO is a radio station that was founded on January 1, 1956, in Louisiana, United States.
Powder River County District High School, an American high school established in 1924, is located in Broadus, Montana.
The American Graduate School in Paris, an educational institution founded in 2009, is located in Paris, France.
Nekhoteyevka is a border checkpoint located in Russia near the Russia-Ukraine border and is also classified as a khutor (a type of rural settlement).
Tangiriapal railway station is a train station in India, operated by the East Coast Railway zone and owned by Indian Railways.
Rogelio Montemayor Seguy, a human member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, speaks and writes in Spanish.
Tatsuki Kohatsu is a midfielder who plays for Tochigi SC and was educated at Ryutsu Keizai University. He is a human.
Murray Falls is a waterfall located in Far North Queensland, Australia, within the administrative territory of Queensland.
Central School in Milton, Florida is a high school in the United States, located in Santa Rosa County and administered by the Santa Rosa County School District.
Haderslev RC is a rugby union team founded in 1991, based in Denmark.
The P. Virsky Ukrainian National Folk Dance Ensemble, an instance of a musical ensemble based in Kiev, was founded in 1937 and received the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Drive Like Jehu, formed in San Diego, is an alternative rock and math rock band signed to Swami Records.
The National Center for Regenerative Medicine, founded by Case Western Reserve University and established in 2004, is a business headquartered in Cleveland.
The Australian Payments Network, a business headquartered in Sydney, was established on January 1, 1992, in Australia.
Burwell—Holland House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Virginia, United States.
Peter Simple is an English-language novel authored by Frederick Marryat and falls under the genre of literature.
Bakrie Tower is a building located in Jakarta, Indonesia, designed by the architectural firm HOK.
Lake Nettie National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Riddarhyttan is an urban area located in Sweden, specifically within the Skinnskatteberg Municipality, and falls under the category of Riddarhyttan.
The 1974 Newham South by-election, held on 23 May in the United Kingdom, resulted in Nigel Spearing's victory.
Suwaiket Tower, a skyscraper located in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, was inaugurated on June 2, 2012.
The 2019 Rio Open singles tournament is a tennis sporting event held in Brazil as part of the 2019 Rio Open series.
The 2009 European Parliament election in Piedmont was an election for Members of the European Parliament held in Italy in 2009.
Federico Gerardi was a member of the sports team A.C. Monza, with details including the start and end times of his membership and an acquisition transaction related to A.C. Monza.
The Clifton House Mystery is a television show that aired in the United Kingdom in 1978.
The Hesperian Harp, authored by William Hauser and published on January 1, 1848, is a book in the public domain.
Mécheria Airport, located in Algeria and named after Mécheria, serves the city of Mécheria.
The Lancun-Yantai railway is a standard-gauge railway line in China operated by China Railway.
Inka Wasi is an archaeological site located in the Department of Ayacucho, Peru.
Wodka Gorbatschow, a drink manufactured by Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei, was inceptioned in Berlin in 1921.
Beachhead Solutions is a business that was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in San Jose, California, United States.
Dianna Booher, a human, was educated at the University of Houston and resides in Colleyville, Texas.
Cerro Tres Picos is a mountain located in Argentina, part of the Sierra de la Ventana range in the Americas.
The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress, held on February 26, 2016, in Switzerland, was a convention related to association football.
Gal Alberman was a member of the Israel national football team, though the specific start and end times for his tenure with the team are not provided.
Petru Giovacchini, a human, was a member of the National Fascist Party and spoke Italian.
The Kristiansand Bus Terminal, located in the administrative territorial entity of Kristiansand, Norway, is a bus station that officially opened in 1965.
Scala & Kolacny Brothers, a Belgian choir founded in 1996, records with PIAS Recordings.
HMS Clacton (J151) is a ship operated by the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, manufactured by the Ailsa Shipbuilding Company.
The British Taekwondo Control Board, an organization founded in 1982, is headquartered in Mansfield and oversees the sport of Taekwondo.
Zoé's Zoé Unplugged Tour took place from October 18 to October 29, 2011, and was a concert tour performed by Zoé.
The Elmina Java Museum, located in Elmina, Ghana, was established on January 1, 2003, and is an instance of a museum.
The Rushan Range, an instance of a mountain range within the Pamir Mountains, is located in Tajikistan and features its highest point at Patkhor Peak.
SM Quiapo is a shopping mall located in the Philippines, owned by Henry Sy, and it was officially opened in 1958.
John Smith, a Colonel in the United States Army, was a flying ace who received the Legion of Merit and the Air Medal, and is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Nowadaga Creek is a watercourse located in New York, United States, and it flows into the Mohawk River.
Harrison Trimble High School, located in New Brunswick, Canada, was founded in 1961 and is an instance of a high school in North America.
The Chimehuin River is a watercourse in Argentina that flows into the Collón Curá River.
Porilainen, a type of sandwich originating from Finland, consists of white bread.
The Central Street Historic District in Millville, Massachusetts, is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in the state of Massachusetts, United States.
Boise Creek is a river in the United States that flows into the Klamath River and drains into the Klamath Basin.
Hot Millions, distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, focuses on computing and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, with Kenneth Higgins as the director of photography.
The Curse of the Mistwraith, written in English, originates from the United States and was published by New American Library, followed by Ships of Merion.
The Hipster Orchestra is a band based in New York City, United States, that plays pop music.
First State Heritage Park is a Delaware state park located in Delaware, United States, and was established in 2004.
Sheepskin Trail is a hiking trail located in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States, and its terminus is in Dunbar, Pennsylvania.
The National University of Equatorial Guinea, established in 1995, is located in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea.
"68" is a compilation album released in 2013 by Robert Wyatt on Cuneiform Records.
Sidi Ali Benyoub District, a district in Algeria, is the capital of Sidi Ali Benyoub and is located in the Sidi Bel Abbès Province.
The Immigration Department (Hong Kong), a government agency established in 1961, has its headquarters at Immigration Tower.
The Bertie County Courthouse, located in Windsor, North Carolina, is a historic courthouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
New Vision School and College, an institution located in Dhaka, Bangladesh, was established in 2012.
BBC Prime, a television station that operated from January 26, 1995, was replaced by BBC Entertainment and previously replaced BBC World Service Television.
Ancuabe District is a district in Mozambique, located in the Cabo Delgado Province, and falls under the category of Ancuabe District.
Charleston High School is a high school in Illinois, United States, located in Charleston Community Unit School District 1.
The MS Marina is a ship owned by Oceania Cruises and manufactured by Fincantieri, currently registered in the Marshall Islands.
The Shukhov Tower, an instance of a lattice tower and a high-tech architectural style structure, is a cultural heritage site in Russia and falls under the category of Shukhov tower (Moscow).
Lake James State Park, an instance of a North Carolina state park located in the United States, was established in 1987 and is situated in North Carolina.
Johan Voskamp was a member of Sparta Rotterdam, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
Barrow Hill railway station, located in Staveley, Derbyshire, United Kingdom, is a train station named after Barrow Hill, Derbyshire.
KQWC-FM is a radio station that began operations in 2003 and is located in Iowa, United States.
The 2017 San Antonio mayoral election was held in the United States on June 10, 2017, to contest the position of Mayor.
Ojo is a local government area in Lagos State, Nigeria, and its legislative body is the Ojo Legislative Council.
Coral Rapids station is a train station located in Ontario, Canada, and is owned by the Ontario Northland Railway.
Li Kai Ming is a human who participated in the 2010 Asian Games and is a member of the Hong Kong national cricket team, bowling leg break.
Wasting Away is an English-language comedy horror film from the United States, edited by Michael Schwartz.
Swainsthorpe railway station, located in the administrative territorial entity of Swainsthorpe and part of the United Kingdom, is named after Swainsthorpe and functions as a train station.
The Old Town Center Historic District is a historic district located in Massachusetts, United States, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
I.L. Peretz Folk School, named after I.L. Peretz, is a school located in Manitoba, Canada.
Timothy Lake is a reservoir located in Oregon, United States.
Cademuir International School, founded in 1990, is a school located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom.
"He Lives in You" is a song performed by Lebo M., produced by Jay Rifkin, and was published in 1995.
Better Boat is a single from the album Songs for the Saints, released on January 1, 2018, under Warner Bros. Records.
Brau und Brunnen is a German enterprise that was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Dortmund.
Vega de Valdetronco is a municipality located in the Province of Valladolid, Spain, and serves as its capital.
TVHits is a television channel that launched in 2014 and replaced TV1 in Australia.
Castlethorpe railway station, located in the United Kingdom and within the administrative territorial entity of Castlethorpe, is an instance of a train station named after Castlethorpe.
Izzi Top, a female Thoroughbred born on April 21, 2008, is the daughter of Pivotal (the horse).
Lake Village Airport, located in Indiana, United States, was established on January 3, 1947, and is an airport.
Andrey Vorontsevich participated in both the men's basketball competitions at EuroBasket 2017 and EuroBasket 2011.
My Father's Dragon won the Newbery Medal at a specific point in time.
The Rising Pune Supergiant's 2017 season was a cricket sports season held in India during 2017.
Shizuka Kubota is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Japan national cricket team.
WQLA is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 1983, located in Tennessee, United States.
Carmichaels Area Junior/Senior High School, part of the Carmichaels Area School District, is a high school located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Commercial Motor is a British magazine that originated in the United Kingdom in 1905, written in British English.
Ryo Kobayashi was a member of the sports team Oita Trinita, with details including start and end times and an acquisition transaction.
Skorpiovenator is a species of fossil taxon, belonging to the genus Skorpiovenator.
The Zotye T600 is a sport utility vehicle and a car model manufactured by Zotye Auto, powered by a petrol engine.
Gary Hall Jr. participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and received multiple awards.
Kribi Power Station is a gas-fired power plant located in Kribi, Cameroon, and it began service on March 1, 2013.
The General Urquiza Railway terminates at Federico Lacroze railway station and is located in both Buenos Aires Province and Misiones Province. This railway falls under the category of Ferrocarril General Urquiza.
Oldroyd Island is an island located in Prydz Bay, within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
The Holston is a bank located in Tennessee, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Redpoint Ventures is a business founded in 1999, headquartered in Menlo Park, California, and operates in the private equity industry.
Ransom Everglades School, an American high school located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, was founded in 1903.
Sky Bishkek, an airline based in Kyrgyzstan, was founded in 2012 and operates out of Manas International Airport.
OpenLP is a free software application for creating and presenting slideshows, running on Microsoft Windows. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License and is written in Python.
Valdenir da Silva Vitalino was a member of the sports team Tokushima Vortis, with details on his start and end times and the acquisition transaction.
Cristian Muscalu is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Baku.
Tracey Towers, an instance of twin towers designed by architect Paul Rudolph, is located in The Bronx, United States.
Mother Seton House is a historic house located in Maryland, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Blue State Digital is a business founded in 2004, headquartered in Washington, D.C., and based in the United States.
Manco Kapac Province, a province of Bolivia, has its capital in Copacabana and is located in the La Paz Department.
Johannes Gijsbertus de Casparis held a position at Leiden University, starting and ending times for which are provided.
Como West Public School, an instance of a primary school in Australia, was established in 1950 and is located in New South Wales.
Red Mango, a business founded by Daniel J. Kim in 2002, has its headquarters in Dallas.
The Asian Pacific Thematic Historic District is a neighborhood located in San Diego, United States, and is a historic district.
The West Block, a classified federal heritage building of Canada designed by Thomas Stent, is part of Parliament Hill and was commissioned by the Monarchy of the United Kingdom.
Lake High School in Millbury, Ohio is part of the Lake Local School District and is located in Wood County. It is a state school in the United States.
Stonnington City Centre, an instance of a city hall, is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register and is located in Victoria, Australia.
Saurom is a folk metal band from Spain, formed on January 1, 1996.
Wilson Bar USFS Airport, located in Idaho, United States, was established on January 5, 1996, and is an airport.
The Thone River is a river in Australia, located in New South Wales, and it flows into the Hastings River.
The Wichita Wingnuts is a baseball team based in the United States, playing in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
Kispesti Textil SE, an association football club based in Hungary, was founded in 1929.
Kelly Conheeney is a midfielder who plays for Sky Blue FC and is a human.
"It Was I" is a rock and roll song performed by Skip & Flip, released in 1959.
Mount Kelsey is a mountain located in New Hampshire, United States, within the White Mountains range.
Top Gear Italia is an Italian television series that falls under the genre of television documentaries, presented by Joe Bastianich.
Sunset Eyes 2000 is an album performed by Saskia Laroo, published in 1999 and released in 2000.
Gavin Swankie is a human who plays as a midfielder for Dundee F.C.
The Roma Courthouse, located in Queensland, Australia, is a courthouse listed on the Queensland Heritage Register.
Mathers Bridge is a bridge located in Florida, United States, and it crosses the Banana River.
The Harvest is a roots reggae album by Tribal Seeds, released in 2009.
Fort Thompson Mounds, an archaeological site located in South Dakota, United States, is designated as a National Historic Landmark.
The Fitz Henry Lane House is a single-family detached home located in Massachusetts, United States, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Palazuelos de la Sierra is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Burgos and shares a border with Villamiel de la Sierra.
KXZT is a radio station that began operations on January 1, 2012, located in Newell, South Dakota, United States.
Mundolingua, a language museum, was inaugurated on October 2, 2013, in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.
The Charleston Outlaws RFC is a rugby union sports team based in the United States.
Next is a restaurant that opened in 2011 in Chicago, United States.
KWYX is a radio station that began operations in 2009 and is located in Wyoming, United States.
The Maurice Hart House, a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in North Carolina, United States.
Amesbury railway station, located in Amesbury, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the town it serves.
Belleza Argentina is a female beauty pageant founded in 2003, headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Éric Pécout scored a goal in the 1979 Coupe de France Final and is a member of the winning sports team.
New Castle Junior/Senior High School is a high school in the New Castle Area School District, located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Unitel Bolivia, a television channel, was founded in 1987 and operates in Bolivia.
The Girl with the Wine Glass is a piece from the Dutch Golden Age painting movement, currently part of the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum collection. It depicts both a stained glass and a wine glass.
Glen Beicker Ranch Airport is an airport located in Texas, United States, and serves Seguin, Texas.
Stewart Hutton is a human who was educated at Newcastle University and plays for Durham County Cricket Club.
Andhra Bank, founded by Bhogaraju Pattabhi Sitaramayya on November 20, 1923, is a business headquartered in Hyderabad.
David Overstreet, a human from the United States, was educated at Big Sandy High School in Big Sandy, Texas, and plays sports for the United States.
"Always True to You in My Fashion" is a song composed by Cole Porter, performed by Eartha Kitt, and was published in 1948.
Dalby Airport is an airport located in Queensland, Australia, operated by the Western Downs Region.
Skidmore-Tynan High School is a high school located in Skidmore, Texas, within the Skidmore-Tynan Independent School District in the United States.
CC Land, a business founded in 1992, has its headquarters in Hong Kong and trades on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Llechog is a mountain in the United Kingdom, part of the Snowdonia range and a parent peak of Snowdon.
The Maddening, an English-language film produced in the United States, was directed by Nick McLean and produced by Mark Amin.
WPLM-FM is a radio station located in Massachusetts, United States, and it began operations on January 1, 1961.
Weezer won a Grammy Award for Best Music Video in a certain point in time.
Lingshou Town is a town in China and serves as the capital of Lingshou County.
Bernardini, a male horse born in 2003, is the offspring of A.P. Indy and the father of Stay Thirsty.
Eva Orner is a human who was educated at Monash University. Her given name is Eva and her family name is Orner.
The Northwest Indiana Stars, an American basketball team, was founded in 2010.
Rogers & Cowan is a business founded in 1950 with its headquarters in Los Angeles, operating in the marketing industry.
Kenton is a district located in the City of Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, distinct from another place also named Kenton.
Mitcham Common is a piece of common land located in Mitcham, London Borough of Merton, United Kingdom.
New Plaza Stadium, located in Foshan, China, is a stadium that officially opened in 1991.
Marco Vitali is an Italian cyclist.
The Kronos Quartet, which records with Nonesuch Records, has received the Polar Music Prize and a Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance, and was nominated for a Grammy Award in the same category.
Thaikkudam Bridge, formed in Kochi in 2013, is an instance of a band in the rock and pop genre, featuring Govind Vasantha.
Teatro de la Ciudad, named after Esperanza Iris, is a theater located in Mexico City, Mexico.
The Internacional Femenil Monterrey is a tennis tournament held in Monterrey, Mexico.
Talkmobile, a business founded in 2007, has its headquarters in the United Kingdom and is a subsidiary of Vodafone.
WordAlive Publishers, a business headquartered in Nairobi, was founded in 2001 and operates in the publishing industry.
The Malcolm Group, a logistics business founded in 1960, has its headquarters in Linwood, Renfrewshire.
Babajide David is a midfielder who plays for Thisted FC and is a human.
The Renju International Federation, an international sports federation headquartered in Stockholm, was established on August 8, 1988, and uses English as its official language.
Jane's Minstrels, founded by Jane Manning in 1988, is a British band specializing in rock and pop music.
Chopping Machine is a stoner rock album by Colour Haze, released in 1995.
William Henry Campbell is a male human who held the position of President of Rutgers University.
The Olympic Green Hockey Field is a sports venue located in Beijing, China, where field hockey is played.
Batman: Son of the Demon is an English-language graphic novel from the United States featuring Batman as one of its characters.
Little Quittacas Pond is a lake located in Massachusetts, United States.
Randy Stoklos is a human from the United States who plays beach volleyball.
Laurel Thatcher Ulrich was educated at the University of New Hampshire, where she earned an academic degree in her chosen major.
Peralba is a mountain located in the Province of Belluno, Italy, within the Carnic Alps.
Constantin Argetoianu served as the head of government of Romania, starting as a member of a political party with a specific start and end time.
The 1997–98 Torneo Argentino A is a season of association football in Argentina that took place from 1997 to 1998.
Gastón Alvite is a midfielder who plays for Racing Club de Montevideo and is a human.
The Supporters' Shield is an award inception in 1999, given to the top association football team in the United States.
The 2003 DPR Korea League is a season of association football played in North Korea in 2003.
Sumner County Regional Airport, an aerodrome located in Tennessee, United States, serves the area around Gallatin, Tennessee.
Cristian Sánchez Prette was a member of Newell's Old Boys, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Brampton Valley Way is a rail trail located in Leicestershire, United Kingdom, and its terminus is in Northampton.
Ajax is niet dood! is a song performed by Tante Leen, released by Imperial Records in 1970.
Viola Group, a privately held company, was founded in 2000 and has its headquarters in Herzliya.
Maury Bodenger is a male human who plays American football and is a member of the Detroit Lions.
UFC 186 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Cape Nome is a cape located on the Seward Peninsula in the Nome Census Area, Alaska, United States.
Duranguense is a music style and genre originating from Mexico.
County Route 530 in New Jersey is a road within the United States, part of the county route system in the state.
The New English School in Kuwait was founded in 1969 by Jehan Rajab and is an instance of a school in Kuwait.
KD Jebat is a ship manufactured by Yarrow Shipbuilders, serving Malaysia since 1999.
Huachinera is a human settlement located in the Huachinera Municipality, Mexico, and serves as its capital.
The Singing Gate, directed by Werner Brandes, features cast members Hans Olden and Angelo Ferrari, with film editing by Giuseppe Fatigati.
The 2002 Australian Drivers' Championship was an auto racing competition held in Australia in 2002.
Abilene Independent School District is a school district located in Texas, United States, and falls under the category of Abilene Independent School District.
Persias Asmat is an association football club based in Indonesia, playing in the Liga Indonesia First Division.
ROCS Ta Kuan (AGS-1601) is a research vessel manufactured by Fincantieri, built in 1995, and operates under Taiwan.
Belsat TV, a Polish television station, was founded in 2007 and is owned by Telewizja Polska.
The 1962 American Football League Championship Game is a season event in American football that took place in the United States in 1962.
In 1905, the Derbyshire County Cricket Club was a cricket team based in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Land of Leather, a retail business founded in 1997, has its headquarters in Kent.
FC Perun Kresna is an association football club based in Bulgaria, playing in the Third Amateur Football League.
Shavkat Salomov is a member of FC Nasaf, and his involvement with the team includes a start and end time for an acquisition transaction.
The Wembley Lions, a motorcycle speedway sports club, were founded in 1929 and are based in the United Kingdom.
The Borgward BX5 is a sport utility vehicle and car model manufactured by the Borgward Group, powered by a petrol engine.
Tudor Watches, a trademark owned by Rolex, was founded in 1926 and has its headquarters in Geneva.
The Stetsons, an Australian band in the rock and pop genre, were formed in 1987 and signed with Mercury Records.
Edward Tolhurst is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Victoria cricket team.
Jack van Geloven is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket. His given name is Jack.
Mount Gurage is a mountain located in the Ethiopian Highlands, in the Gurage Zone of Ethiopia.
The Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II International Airport LRT station, operated by the Indonesian Railway Company, opened on August 1, 2018, and connects to LRT Line 1 via the Asrama Haji LRT station.
Kilburn Park tube station, an instance of a London Underground station designed by Stanley Heaps, was officially opened in 1915 and is adjacent to Queen's Park station.
The Pearl Harbor Remembrance Bridge is a road bridge located in Maine, United States, and it crosses the Kennebec River.
Patna Junction railway station, operated by the Danapur railway division, was officially opened in 1862 and connects the Howrah--Delhi main line, with Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station adjacent to it.
The Taunton & District Saturday Football League, an association football league, was inception in 1920 and is based in the United Kingdom.
Wincanton railway station, located in the administrative territorial entity of Wincanton, United Kingdom, is a train station named after the town it serves.
Saleh Farhan, a human and midfielder, is a member of the sports team Qatar SC. His given name is Salih.
Dave Tobik is a human who plays pitcher for the Detroit Tigers.
Merrick Machine Company, an automotive industry business founded in 1960, is headquartered in Alda, Nebraska.
The National Space Council, an instance of a government organization based in the United States, was inceptioned in 1958 and was chaired by Mike Pence.
Gold Spot is a soft drink that was first introduced in 1952 in India, manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company.
Forestburg is a village located in Alberta, Canada, and it shares a border with Strome, Alberta.
JAAPA, an English-language scientific journal, was inceptioned on January 1, 1988, and is published by Haymarket Media Group.
Andrew Marveggio is a human who plays as a midfielder for Adelaide City FC.
Edaphobacter modestus is a species of Gram-negative bacteria belonging to the genus Edaphobacter.
Dursupe Manor, an Gothic Revival architecture-style manor house, was built in 1820 in Latvia.
The Edward Serlin House, designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, is located in New York state, United States, and is an instance of a house.
Underwater rugby in Colombia is a sport in the geographic region of Colombia, specifically a variant of rugby football played there.
Andresen Island is an island located in the Bellingshausen Sea, within the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Natasha Collins is a human who is married to Mark Speight.
Yatap station, operated by Korail, opened on September 1, 1994, and is connected to the Bundang Line, with Imae station as its adjacent station.
Josef Yarney was a member of Newcastle United F.C. Reserves and Academy, with details on his start and end times and the acquisition transaction provided.
Line S4 of the Milan suburban railway service terminates at Seveso railway station, which has a start time and an end time for its operations in a specific direction.
Fyodor Tolbukhin received the Order of the Red Banner at three different points in time.
Ana Sátila is a human who participates in canoeing and kayaking at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jokosher is an audio editing software for Linux, licensed under the GNU General Public License and written in Python.
Yevgeni Kranatov is a human who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Balakovo.
Hossein Kazemi is a human who plays as a midfielder for Saipa F.C.
Charles Mingus was a winner of the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, which he received at a specific point in time.
UFC 89 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Esporte Clube Campo Grande is an association football club founded in 1993, based in Brazil.
Robyn Field, a female tennis player born on June 27, 1966, is a human.
Flood Plain is a painting created by Andrew Wyeth in 1986 and is part of a private collection.
Bonum sane, a motu proprio authored by Pope Benedict XV, was published on 25 July 1920 and is now in the public domain.
NBA Courtside 2002, developed by Left Field Productions and published by Nintendo, was released for the GameCube using Nintendo optical discs.
The 2013 Auckland mayoral election was held in New Zealand in 2013 to contest the position of Mayor.
Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs, Iowa, is a high school in the United States, located in the Council Bluffs Community School District, Iowa.
Ajmer division is a part of Rajasthan, India, and includes the Tonk district.
Federico Rasic was a member of FC Amkar Perm, with his tenure marked by a specific start and end time resulting from an acquisition transaction.
"The Rock Pool" is a novel and a literary work authored by Cyril Connolly, written in the English language.
Halo, a Beyoncé song, was composed by Ryan Tedder, with lyrics also written by him, and is in the key of A major.
The Battle of Mersa Matruh, which took place in Mersa Matruh, Egypt, was a part of the Western Desert campaign.
D. D. Terry is a human who played as a running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
France participated as a nation in the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics, with Estelle Alphand serving as the flag bearer in 2012.
Richard Mack is a human and a member of the Republican Party in the United States. His family name is Mack.
Queen's Park station, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission, opened on February 28, 1963, and is connected to Line 1 Yonge-University, with St. Patrick station adjacent to it.
The Senegal national basketball team, a national sports team based in Senegal, is coached by Porfirio Fisac and plays the sport of basketball.
Long Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Lydiate railway station, located in the administrative territorial entity of Lydiate, is a train station in the United Kingdom and is named after the nearby area.
Jon D. Fox attended a primary school, which ended his primary education.
Miles Aircraft, a business headquartered in Woodley, Berkshire, was founded in 1930 and dissolved in 1947.
Ananda Dairy, a company founded in 1989, is headquartered in Bulandshahr.
La Chapelle Rhénane, an orchestra founded by Benoît Haller in 2001, is also led as its musical conductor by Benoît Haller.
The National Audit Office of China, established in 1983 and part of the Ministries of the People's Republic of China, is chaired by Guo Zhenqian.
Oye Como Va, composed and with lyrics by Tito Puente, originated in the United States and is sung in Spanish.
Everything is a rock band from the United States, signed with Capricorn Records and known for playing rock music.
Neon Punch is a K-pop girl group that was formed on June 26, 2018, in South Korea.
Alanis Morissette received American Music Awards for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist at different points in time.
Sao Shwe Thaik held the position of President of Myanmar, with a start and end time, and was eventually replaced by someone else.
Mister Loveless is an alternative rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area in the United States.
Shakra is a Swiss hard rock band that records with AFM Records.
Aso District in Kumamoto is a district in Japan, located within Kumamoto Prefecture and containing the town of Takamori.
William Craig, Lord Craig, a human, was educated at the University of Edinburgh and is the son of William Craig.
Miss Venezuela 1973 was a beauty pageant edition held in Venezuela in 1973, with Desirée Rolando emerging as the winner.
Tyson Ruiz is a midfielder who plays for Glacis United F.C. and is a human.
Galleria Shopping Centre in Toronto, Canada, was inaugurated in 1972 and is an instance of a shopping mall.
Pablo Lugüercio was a member of the sports team Estudiantes de La Plata, starting and ending at specific times.
Roberto Hernandez Stadium is a sports venue in the United States that opened on September 18, 2003, and is occupied by the University of South Carolina Aiken.
Lanterna is an instrumental band from the United States, and Henry Frayne is one of its musicians.
Chinnodu Peddodu is a romantic comedy produced by Sivalenka Krishna Prasad, originally filmed in the Telugu language and originating from India.
24 Frames Factory, a business founded by Vishnu Manchu, was established in 2007 and has its headquarters in Hyderabad.
Richard Nixon was named Time Person of the Year in a point in time, sharing the honor together with someone else.
Misty Morn, a female horse born in 1952, is the daughter of Princequillo and the mother of Successor.
Dmitry Stakheyev was born in Yelabuga, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Icknield Street, a Roman road located in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, is not to be confused with another street of the same name.
Cynthia Richards is a human singer who performs reggae music, recording with Studio One and using her voice as her instrument.
Theâtre de l'Étoile du Nord is a theater located in Tunis, Tunisia, and it was officially opened on February 26, 2000.
The Kronberg Railway is a standard-gauge railway line located in Hesse, Germany.
Robert Dyce is a human who is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and has received the Fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Edson Souza, a midfielder, is a member of Madureira Esporte Clube and is a human.
"One After 909" was composed by Paul McCartney and John Lennon, and the lyrics are in the English language.
The Noah's Ark Principle, distributed by Filmverlag der Autoren and produced by Centropolis Entertainment, was directed by Egon Werdin and edited by Tomy Wigand.
Vittorio Casaretti is a midfielder who plays for S.G. Gallaratese A.S.D.
Giorgos Vasiliou is a human who plays as a midfielder for AEP Paphos FC.
The Life of Henry Brulard is a French autobiographical literary work by Stendhal.
Andrei Tupolev was awarded the title of Hero of Socialist Labour on multiple occasions.
The Wisconsin Governor's Mansion is a mansion located in Maple Bluff, Wisconsin, and serves as the official residence for the governor of the United States.
The Brittain River is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada, and it empties into the Pacific Ocean.
One Direction was nominated for the Best Pop award at the MTV Europe Music Awards at multiple points in time.
Baci Lingerie is a company based in the United States, founded in 2010.
Nick Christensen was a member of the sports team Hellerup IK, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
East Rockland Key is an island located in Florida Bay, within Monroe County, Florida, United States.
The Ministry of Agriculture in Ethiopia was established in 1995 and applies to the entire jurisdiction of Ethiopia, being part of the list of agriculture ministries.
Anything More Would Be Greedy is a television show directed by Rodney Bennett, distributed by ITV Studios, and originally aired on ITV.
The Urban Guerillas, an Australian band formed in 1981, is an instance of a rock and pop group known for pub rock.
Matt Hassett is a human who is a member of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Team.
Warzone K17, a live album by Funker Vogt, was released in 2009 and follows their album Aviator.
Elliot Peak is a mountain located in the Antarctic Treaty area, part of the Queen Alexandra Range on Antarctica.
The Henningsens are a band based in the United States that records with Arista Nashville and performs country music, including rock and pop elements.
Donald Weihs participated in ski mountaineering at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He is a human named Donald.
Bridgwater & Albion is a rugby union team based in the United Kingdom, founded on January 1, 1875.
The 1960 Copa Libertadores, organized by CONMEBOL, was won by Peñarol and featured Club Olimpia among its participating teams, with the final held on June 19, 1960.
Baruth (Mark) station, an official train station in Germany, opened on June 17, 1875, and connects to the Berlin-Dresden railway line.
Kosmos 2484, a Strela satellite manufactured by Information Satellite Systems Reshetnev, was launched on Rokot on January 15, 2013.
The 10 Foot Ganja Plant is a reggae band from the United States, signed to the ROIR record label.
The Rookwood Cemetery railway line is a standard-gauge railway line located in New South Wales, Australia.
The Baltic Sea Parliamentary Conference, an intergovernmental organization founded by the Althing, was established on January 7, 1991, with its headquarters in Schwerin.
Bath Township, located in Greene County, Ohio, United States, is a township that shares a border with Bethel Township in Clark County, Ohio.
Cryptopia, a Bitcoin exchange founded in Christchurch, New Zealand, began operations on January 1, 2014.
Jelle van Gorkom, a human, participates in BMX cycling and was a participant in the Cycling event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Village at Shirlington is a shopping mall located in Virginia, United States, and it was officially opened in 1944.
Forrest Chase is a shopping mall located in the City of Perth, Australia, distinct from Forrest Place.
Nicky Joyce is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Galway Senior Football Team.
Ocean Avenue in Brooklyn is a thoroughfare located in the United States and specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Brooklyn, distinct from Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn.
Oak Hill High School, located in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, is a high school in the United States and part of the Rapides Parish School Board.
Nouria Hernandez was educated at the University of Geneva, where she earned her academic degree and majored in molecular biology.
The Nokia 6670, manufactured by Nokia, is a cell phone model that follows the Nokia 6620 and was succeeded by the Nokia N72.
Francisco Alex is a member of the Rio Branco Esporte Clube, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and the acquisition transaction.
Larry Boone, whose surname is Boone, is a country music artist signed with Columbia Records.
Cheyenne Autumn Trail is a film produced in the United States in 1964, originally filmed in the English language.
Ben Cleverley is a human who plays as a midfielder for Shepton Mallet F.C.
Haseena Moin, a human from Karachi, began her work period in 1970 and was awarded the Pride of Performance.
The Honourable Woman, created by Hugo Blick and composed by Martin Phipps, is set in London and originally aired on BBC Two.
Mushroom Peak is a mountain located in Alberta, Canada, within the Winston Churchill Range.
Greater Shediac is a metropolitan area located in New Brunswick, Canada, and falls under the category of Greater Shediac.
French Silk is an English-language film distributed by American Broadcasting Company, with New Orleans serving as both the narrative and filming location.
The Back River, which is part of the Sheepscot River system, originates from the Cross River in Maine, flows into the United States, and ultimately joins the Sheepscot River.
Emilia Gubitosi is a human who was a student of Beniamino Cesi and is married to Franco Michele Napolitano.
The 1953 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park, with Rangers F.C. winning against Aberdeen F.C.
Vosges Club is a voluntary association located in the Vosges department of France.
Colley Track / Soccer Complex is a sports venue located in Troy, Alabama, United States, and it was officially opened in 2003.
Ivan Baklanov is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Rostov.
The Willamette Iron and Steel Works, an shipbuilding company headquartered in Portland, Oregon, was founded on January 1, 1865, in the shipbuilding industry.
Greg Meisner is a human who plays defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams.
Will Whitticker, a human, was educated at Michigan State University and is a member of the Green Bay Packers.
Tumangang Station is operated by the Korean State Railway and connects the Tumangang Line and the Hongui Line, with Khasan railway station as its adjacent station.
Balaka Township is a city located in the Southern Region of Malawi and serves as the capital of Balaka District.
Taptong Station, an instance of a train station in North Korea, was opened on March 30, 1943, and is owned by the Korean State Railway.
Kim Nam-chun is a midfielder who plays for FC Seoul and was educated at Kwangwoon University. He is a human.
Citi Field, designed by Populous and engineered by WSP Global, opened on March 29, 2009, for baseball.
Higashi-Murayama Station is adjacent to Seibuen Station, which is part of the connecting line and runs towards a starting point.
Matej Rakovan was a member of the sports team SK Slavia Prague, with details including start and end times for his membership and an acquisition transaction related to the team.
Calcutta Puppet Theatre, founded by Suresh Dutta in 1973, is an organization that operates as a puppet theatre.
The Pontiac Ventura is a car model manufactured by General Motors, part of the Pontiac brand, and was succeeded by the Pontiac Phoenix.
Edward Snowden worked at the University of Maryland, College Park from its start time until his employment ended.
Renee Chappell is a human who plays for both the Western Fury and the Australia national cricket team.
Potu is a human settlement located in the Goychay District of Azerbaijan.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources is a government agency located in Columbus, Ohio, and it applies to the jurisdiction of the entire state of Ohio within the United States.
Djibo is a department in Burkina Faso and serves as the capital of Soum Province.
Gao Jun is a human who participates in table tennis and competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Vladimir Kovin, also known as Wladimir, was a member of the sports team Diables Noirs de Tours and received awards including the Merited Master of Sports of the USSR and the Order of Friendship of Peoples.
Jim Washington is a human from the United States who competes in men's basketball and is a member of the Chicago Bulls.
Rebecca Rimmington is a human who competes in cycle sport and is a member of the WNT -- Rotor Pro Cycling team.
Sam Whiskey, an English-language film, features cast members Angie Dickinson and Anthony James, and was produced by Arnold Laven.
Eastman Pond is a lake located in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.
The Outcast Islands are a group of islands located in Nunavut, Canada, and are situated in the Coronation Gulf.
The MPH Group, an automotive parts business headquartered in Petaling Jaya, was founded in 1890 and operates in the retail sector.
Venus Williams was nominated for the Best Female Athlete ESPY Award at multiple points in time.
Dragonlance Legends is a book series authored by Margaret Weis and published on February 1986, taking place in the fictional universe of Dragonlance.
Piscobamba is a city that serves as the capital of the Piscobamba District in Peru.
Kate Alicia Morgan, a human from Wales, works for the BBC.
Antal Kotász was a member of Vasas SC and the Hungary national football team, participating in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Justin McMahon is a human who received a GAA GPA Gaelic Football All Star award and is a member of the Tyrone Senior Football Team.
Krell Hill is a mountain located in Washington state, United States, and it belongs to the Selkirk Mountains range.
Kenda is a human settlement located in the Bardhaman district of India, distinct from the Kenda Rubber Industrial Company.
Samanie Matovu is a female singer who uses her voice as her instrument.
The Murcki Coal Mine, located in Poland, was established in 1657 and produces coal.
Bring On the Girls, an American film distributed by Paramount Pictures, stars Huntz Hall and Doris Dowling.
Villa Rivero Municipality is a municipality in Bolivia, located in the Punata Province, and it is distinct from another place also named Villa Rivero.
"America," a song by Simon & Garfunkel, was composed and lyrically written by Paul Simon and produced by Art Garfunkel, originating from the United States.
The Sonoma State Seawolves are an American football club representing a university and college sports team based in the United States.
Antoine and Sebastian, an original French-language film or TV show from France, features cast members Keith Carradine and Ottavia Piccolo.
Sukeban is a Japanese film produced by Toei Company, written by Norifumi Suzuki, and originally filmed in the Japanese language.
Milton Glick held a position at Arizona State University, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
P. Gregory Warden was educated at Bryn Mawr College, where he earned an academic degree.
The Lorado Mine is a uranium mine located in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Ricardo Delgado Araujo is a midfielder who plays for Envigado F.C. and is a human.
"The Laws of Thermodynamics" was filmed in Barcelona and features cast members Berta Vázquez and Josep Maria Pou, with the original language being Spanish.
Condair Group, an Aktiengesellschaft business founded in 1948, has its headquarters in Freienbach.
The Paintsville Herald is a broadsheet newspaper published in Paintsville, Kentucky, United States.
Zaysan District, located in the East Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan, has its capital in the town of Zaysan and is an administrative district of Kazakhstan.
Celestial, produced by Pedro Damián and originating from Mexico, follows Tu Amor and is followed by Bésame sin miedo.
Karfas is a human settlement located in the Chios Municipality, Greece, on the island of Chios.
The economy of Palau is its national economic system, categorized under the topic "Economy of Palau" and pertains to the nation of Palau.
Ken Jammeh is a midfielder who plays for FC KooTeePee.
Kenny Cooper is a member of the FC Montreal soccer team, with his tenure marked by a specific start and end time resulting from an acquisition transaction.
Edward Joseph Kelly served as the head of government in Chicago and was a member of a political party, with a specific start time and end time for his tenure.
Duval County Public Schools is a school district located in Florida, United States, under the category of Duval County Public Schools.
Florin Bejan is a human who plays as a defender for KS Cracovia in association football.
Marden House, an instance of a single-family detached home designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, is located in McLean, Virginia, United States.
Silvan Inia is a midfielder who plays for FC Volendam.
Skelton Inlet, named after Reginald Skelton, is a bay located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Endless.com is a retail website owned by Amazon, which launched in 2006.
3AM is a television series that started on May 28, 2015, produced in the United States and distributed by Showtime Networks.
Manville High School is a high school in the United States, located in New Jersey within the Manville School District.
Hapkido is a Cantonese film from Hong Kong, starring Corey Yuen and Angela Mao.
The UT Martin Skyhawks represent the University of Tennessee at Martin in American football, and they play their home games at Graham Stadium.
The South Taconic Trail is a hiking trail located in Dutchess County, New York, United States, with its highest point at Brace Mountain.
Karim El Hany is a human who plays as a midfielder for RWS Bruxelles.
Samois was an organization based in the United States, founded in 1978 and dissolved in 1983.
The Parnell Tunnel, an instance of a railway tunnel located in the Auckland Region of New Zealand, officially closed in 1930.
Maga Rayudu is a fantasy film from India, originally filmed in the Telugu language, and was directed by Chota K. Naidu.
The International Esports Federation, an organization headquartered in Seoul, was founded on August 11, 2008, and falls under the category of International e-Sports Federation.
Julius Peppers was a member of the North Carolina Tar Heels football team, playing for a certain position/specialty from a specific start time until an end time.
LT Cortesia is a container ship registered in Madeira, Portugal, and manufactured by Samsung Heavy Industries.
Juan Surraco is a human who plays as a midfielder for El Tanque Sisley.
South East Today is a news program and television series originally aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom.
Ying'an Airlines, an airline based in China, was founded in 2005 and operates with its hub at Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport.
The Battalion, a broadsheet newspaper owned by Texas A&M University, was inceptioned in 1893.
Ferdinand Lumban Tobing Airport, located in Kota Sibolga, Indonesia, serves the city of Sibolga.
Ryan Craig is a human who plays in the National Hockey League and has been a member of both the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Mendota Heights is a city in the United States, located in Dakota County, Minnesota, next to the Minnesota River.
Vanilla Sky is an Italian punk rock band from Rome, belonging to the rock and pop genre.
The Kaiapoi River is a river located in Canterbury, New Zealand, and it flows into the Waimakariri River.
J. Darius Bikoff, a human residing on the Upper East Side, is married to Jill Bikoff.
Neenah Foundry, a privately held company based in the United States, was founded in 1872.
Brandon Dubinsky is a human who plays in the National Hockey League for the Columbus Blue Jackets, representing the United States in his sport.
Erwin Saavedra is a Bolivian national who coached the Bolivia national under-20 football team within a specific timeframe and also started coaching the Bolivia national football team.
Lawrence Holland is a human from the United Kingdom who plays cricket.
Simon Weatherstone is a human who plays as a midfielder for Oxford United F.C.
The Oldenburg T 5.1 is a tank locomotive and part of the locomotive class, manufactured by Hanomag with a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement.
Bharat Broadband Network is a business in the telecommunications industry, headquartered in India and owned by the Government of India.
The Queen (2006 film) won the Goya Award for Best European Film in its respective year.
Annette Tison, who speaks and writes in French, is known for her work on Barbapapa and is married to Talus Taylor.
Finding Vivian Maier focuses on the life and work of photographer Vivian Maier, directed by John Maloof and executive produced by Jeff Garlin.
Mayabeque Province is capitalized by San José de las Lajas and borders Matanzas and Artemisa Provinces, following Havana Province.
Curtis T. McMullen received the Fields Medal for his work in topology. He was advised by Dennis Sullivan and holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
Yesan County is a county in South Korea, located in South Chungcheong Province, with Korean as its official language.
Dieter Pfeifer, a human, participated in the swimming events at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Barne Glacier is a glacier located on Ross Island in the Antarctic Treaty area, on the continent of Antarctica.
Ryan Reynolds received an MTV Movie Award for Best Fight for his work, specifically for a moment in time where he was paired with another actor.
AltSchool is a company founded on January 1, 2014, with its headquarters in San Francisco.
The Tenino, a sternwheeler ship, was owned by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company and served from 1861 to 1879.
O.S.C.A., a Società per azioni founded by Ettore Maserati, is located in San Lazzaro di Savena and operates in the automotive industry.
Seiji: Riku no Sakana is a Japanese drama film and television show featuring Hidetoshi Nishijima in the cast, originally produced in the Japanese language.
Buck Gladmon, a human, plays as a third baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Franklin Furnace is a mine in the United States, located in Franklin, New Jersey, where zinc is produced.
KMMJ is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Grand Island, Nebraska, in the United States.
Pablo Salazar was a member of C.S. Herediano, starting at a certain time and ending at another time.
The British Rail Class 325 is an electric multiple unit and a subclass of class locomotives, operated by DB Cargo UK and manufactured by ABB Group.
The Grigorovich M-11 is a flying boat manufactured in Russia by Shchetinin and designed by Dmitry Pavlovich Grigorovich.
Biedma Department, located in the Chubut Province of Argentina, has its capital in Puerto Madryn and is an administrative department of the country.
Philip Lund was a member of Kolding FC, with his tenure starting and ending through an acquisition transaction.
Campos Borges is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and shares a border with Quinze de Novembro.
The Mount Olive Trojans represent the University of Mount Olive and are part of the United States' university and college sports clubs, falling under the category of Mount Olive Trojans.
Madison Marquette, a company founded in 1992, has its headquarters in Washington, D.C.
Rabie Belgherri is a human who plays as a midfielder for IRB Maghnia.
Donald Dewar held the position of First Minister of Scotland, starting at a certain time and ending when he was replaced.
The Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge is a bridge in Malaysia that officially opened in 2006 and spans the Pahang River.
Aarathu Sinam, produced by Thenandal Studio Limited and directed by Aravinnd Singh, is an Indian film in the Tamil language.
Pernik Municipality, the capital of which is Pernik, is located in Pernik Province and is one of the municipalities of Bulgaria.
Paapi is an Indian film in Hindi with cast members Sunil Dutt and Padma Khanna.
Ludovic Blas is a human who plays as a midfielder and is a member of the France national under-17 football team.
Miss Thailand World 2016 was a beauty pageant edition held in Thailand in 2016 as part of the Miss Thailand World series.
McLaren Smith is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the Bermuda national cricket team, representing Bermuda in the sport.
Henry Kautz is a human who received both ACM Fellow and AAAI Fellow awards, and was advised by James F. Allen for his doctoral studies.
UFC Fight Night: Machida vs. Romero is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Aufacker is a mountain located in Bavaria, Germany, within the Ammergau Alps.
The 1937 Icelandic parliamentary election was held on June 29, 1937, to elect members of the Althing.
National Highway 365A is a road in India, owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, and part of the National Highway system in India.
Leonatus is a male Thoroughbred horse born in 1880 and the son of Longfellow.
Brian Sarmiento was a member of Girona FC, with his tenure starting and ending through an acquisition transaction.
The Great Macarthy, an Australian film or TV show originally in English, features John Jarratt and focuses on Australian rules football.
The Caine Prize, an award named after Michael Harris Caine, was inception in 2000 and has Binyavanga Wainaina as one of its winners.
OHADA, an international organization with its headquarters in Yaoundé, was established on October 17, 1993, and is managed by Dorothé Sossa.
Julius Erving was a member of the Philadelphia 76ers, where he played from a certain start time until a specific end time, and his position on the team was forward.
The Los Angeles General Services Police, an instance of a government agency in the United States, was established in 1979 and was dissolved in 2012.
The Lancia D50 is an Italian racing automobile manufactured by Lancia for motorsport competition.
From the Hip was filmed in North Carolina and features cast members Darren McGavin and Allan Arbus, with cinematography by Dante Spinotti.
Tess Daly, whose given name is Helen and of White British ethnicity, speaks and writes English and is married to Vernon Kay.
Bradford Exchange, founded by J. Roderick MacArthur in 1973, is a business headquartered in Niles, Illinois.
The film Keane was shot in New Jersey and New York City, with its narrative set in New York state. The director of photography was John Foster.
Casting JonBenet is a film produced by James Schamus, composed by Nathan Larson, and directed by photography by Michael Latham, all in the English language.
Alan Murray is a human who has played for Middlesbrough F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C., and has also coached Darlington F.C.
Buckhorn Reservoir is a reservoir located in North Carolina, United States.
Centre Stage is a theater located in Greenville, South Carolina, United States, distinct from Center Theatre.
Villalmanzo is a municipality located in the Province of Burgos, Spain, and it is also the capital of itself.
Quel movimento che mi piace tanto, directed by Roberto Gerardi, features cast members Francesco D'Adda and Mario Colli and originates from Italy.
South Cle Elum is a town in Kittitas County, Washington, United States, and it shares a border with Ronald, Washington.
The 1996 Ukrainian Cup Final was held at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex, with FC Dynamo Kyiv emerging as the winner and FC Nyva Vinnytsia also participating in the match.
Lake Highlands High School is an American high school located in Texas, part of the Richardson Independent School District.
Uranometria, published in 1603, is a star atlas authored by Johann Bayer and is now in the public domain.
Bindlacher Berg Airport, a commercial airfield located in Bindlach, Germany, serves the city of Bayreuth.
Kizhekethil Chandy was educated at Government Arts College in Thiruvananthapuram, where he pursued his academic major and obtained his degree.
Marion Reichelt participated in the European Combined Events Team Championships, where she competed in a sports discipline and received an award at a specific point in time.
Gary Reasons is a human who plays as a linebacker for the New York Giants.
Baker Island is a river island located in Pennsylvania, United States, and it is situated next to the Allegheny River.
Atticus Clothing, a business founded by Mark Hoppus in 2001, has its headquarters in San Diego.
Courtney Jones, also known as John Jones, was a figure skater who partnered with both Doreen Denny and June Markham in business or sport.
The Bellarine Peninsula is a peninsula located in Victoria, Australia, and is categorized under Category:Bellarine Peninsula.
John McDowell is a human who is a member of the New York Giants football team.
Hong Kong and the United States have a bilateral relationship, with both being participants in these relations.
I54 is a business founded by Advantage West Midlands and has its headquarters in South Staffordshire, established in 2005.
Bloody New Year is a horror film from the United Kingdom, originally filmed in English, and was edited by Carl Gustaf Thomson.
MasterChef (Brazilian season 4) is a television series season produced by Shine Group and part of the MasterChef Brazilian TV series, originating from Brazil.
"A Butterfly in the Night" is an Argentine film directed by Américo Hoss, starring Yves Montand and Mario Casado.
The Delaware Constitution of 1776, which came into effect in 1776, applied to the jurisdiction of Delaware until it was replaced by the Delaware Constitution of 1792.
Westermoen Hydrofoil, a shipyard in Norway, was established in 1961 and is involved in the shipbuilding industry.
Aschentalshalbe is a mountain located in Germany, specifically within the Harz region, which is part of the Landkreis Göttingen administrative territorial entity and belongs to the Harz mountain range.
Stu Tate is a pitcher who plays for the San Francisco Giants and is of human nature. His family name is Tate.
Fausto Tienza is a midfielder who plays for UD Melilla.
Lutherville, Maryland is a census-designated place located in Baltimore County, United States, and falls under the category of Lutherville, Maryland.
Sid Hearn is a human who plays cricket for Kent County Cricket Club and is a citizen of the United Kingdom.
Keewaydin State Park, located in Alexandria, New York, is part of the New York state park system and is situated next to the Saint Lawrence River.
The Southern Times Messenger, an Australian tabloid newspaper, was founded in 1951 and is owned by News Corp Australia.
Mark Ealham, a human, is a member of both Kent County Cricket Club and Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club.
Louisville, Illinois is a village located in Clay County, Illinois, United States, and serves as the county seat of Clay County.
Selica Winiata is a human who plays rugby union and rugby sevens, and is a member of the New Zealand women's national rugby union team.
Amour Fou, a French film directed by Roger Vadim, was released in 1993.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Browne is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Sherry Hawco, a human, participated in artistic gymnastics at the 1979 Pan American Games.
Billy Byers won the AACTA Award for Best Original Music Score in a specific point in time.
Kafui Danku is a female actor who was educated at the University of Cape Coast and is a human.
Ibstock is a civil parish located in North West Leicestershire, United Kingdom.
Mozart Decoded is a film produced in 2008, directed by Kevin Sullivan, and originates from Canada.
Anna and the Apocalypse, produced by Creative Scotland and distributed by Orion Pictures, was made with English language dialogue and produced by Naysun Alae-Carew.
Snarby Peak is a mountain located in the Sverdrup Mountains, within the Antarctic Treaty area of Antarctica.
Dimitris Giovanakis is a defender for Aiolikos F.C. and is a human.
Servicio Paz y Justicia is a voluntary association based in Argentina, focusing on human rights work.
National Highway 927A in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, part of the national highway system in the country.
The Oruaiti River is a river in New Zealand, located in the Northland Region, and it is a tributary of the Wainui River.
Reggie Williams, a linebacker, played for the Cincinnati Bengals from a specified start time until an end time.
Canalside Studios is a video game developer headquartered in Huddersfield, United Kingdom, operating in the video game industry.
Lake Griffin State Park is a Florida state park located in the United States, specifically in Florida, and it falls under IUCN category Ib: Wilderness Area.
La Riba de Escalote is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Soria and sharing a border with Caltojar.
Rick Witter & The Dukes, an alternative rock band formed in York in 2005, is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Adrian Madaschi was a member of Spezia Calcio, with his tenure starting and ending through an acquisition transaction.
State Highway 45 in Kerala, India, is managed by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the list of state highways in Kerala.
Angelo Chol is a human who was educated at San Diego State University and is a member of the San Diego State Aztecs men's basketball team.
UFC 87 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Stratfor, founded by George Friedman on January 1, 1996, is a business headquartered in Austin, Texas.
Masjid e Tooba is a mid-century modern mosque located in Karachi, Pakistan.
Imedi Media Holding, a joint-stock company and television station, was founded on March 15, 2001, in Tbilisi.
Interstate 270 in Colorado, part of the Interstate Highway System, began construction in 1965 and terminates at Interstate 70. It is maintained by the Colorado Department of Transportation.
Roberto Argüello is a human who resides in Buenos Aires and plays tennis.
Yellala Falls is a waterfall located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, part of the Congo River and situated in the Congo Basin.
Sonia Bompastor was a member of the Paris Saint-Germain Féminine team, with details including her start and end times with the team and the acquisition transaction.
Aldandro Pozzer is a human who plays handball and is a member of the AD Ciudad de Guadalajara sports team.
Timmy Fleming is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Kerry Senior Football Team.
Yairo Yau was a member of Deportivo Cali, with details including the start and end times of his tenure and an acquisition transaction related to his time with the team.
Bank of Communications, a financial services joint-stock company, has its headquarters in Bocom Financial Towers and trades on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The Gold Dust Hotel, an Italianate architecture building located in Kansas, United States, is an example of a historic structure.
The SMS Saida is a ship from Austria-Hungary, operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy and manufactured by Cantiere Navale Triestino.
Allen Iverson was a member of the Memphis Grizzlies, where he started playing and played until a certain end time, though his specific position or speciality during his tenure with the team is not provided.
Beacon Pictures, founded by Armyan Bernstein in 1990, is a film production company headquartered in Tokyo.
St Edward's College, a Roman Catholic school, was established on May 1, 2011, in Liverpool and is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool.
Little MacLeod Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Radio Belarus, an instance of a radio station, was founded on January 1, 1962, and is owned by the National State Television and Radio Company of Belarus, broadcasting in the Belarusian language.
The Finlandia hymn, composed by Jean Sibelius with lyrics by Veikko Antero Koskenniemi, is based on the "Finlandia" symphonic movement.
ERONET is a business based in Bosnia and Herzegovina, operating in the mobile phone industry and is a subsidiary of HT Mostar.
Howlock Mountain is a mountain located in Oregon, United States, within the Cascade Range.
The Nokia 3200, manufactured by Nokia, follows the Nokia 3100 and was succeeded by the Nokia 3220.
Ho'okipa is a surf spot located in Maui County, Hawaii, United States, on the island of Maui.
Interactive Intelligence, a business headquartered in Indianapolis, was founded in 1994 and trades on the Nasdaq.
Serikzhan Muzhikov is a member of FC Astana, with a start and end time for his tenure on the team.
Stroszek is an alternative rock band formed in 2005 in Aberdeen, and it is an instance of a rock and pop band.
The XMobots Apoena is a Brazilian aircraft manufactured by XMobots, with its first flight on November 18, 2008.
Josep Borrell was educated at Stanford University, where he earned a degree, though the specific start and end times are not provided.
That's My Line, created by Mark Goodson and produced by Fremantle, was broadcast until September 1, 1981, and was presented in the English language.
Paul Islas was a member of the Fresno FC U-23 team, with a start and end time for his involvement.
Amalgamated Sugar Company, a business founded by David Eccles, was established in 1897 and has its headquarters in Nampa, Idaho.
Ralph van Dooren is a human who plays as a midfielder for FC Eindhoven.
Proxies is a band formed in Yorkshire in 2010, known for playing alternative rock and categorized as a rock and pop band.
National Highway 39 in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways and part of the national highway system in India.
The Likwit Crew is a hip hop musical ensemble from the United States, featuring King T as a part of the group.
Evan Kostopoulos was a member of the Adelaide Comets FC, with a specific start and end time for his tenure on the team.
The South Cameroon Company, managed by Maximilian Heinrich Schinckel and Sigmund Hinrichsen, produces palm oil and natural rubber.
Risk: Factions is a game developed by Stainless Games and published by Electronic Arts, available on the Xbox 360 platform and distributed through Steam.
Khaled Kassab is a human who plays as a defender for Al-Sulaymaniyah FC.
The S27 is an S-Bahn line that was part of the Munich S-Bahn system in Germany, and it was dissolved on December 15, 2013.
The Te Arai River is a river located in the Gisborne District, New Zealand, and flows into the Waipaoa River.
Michael Bloomberg was educated at Johns Hopkins University, where he earned an academic degree and majored in economics.
Isyu Ngayon is a Philippine TV series produced by GMA Network and distributed by GMA News TV.
Old School is an Australian television series originally aired on ABC, produced in the English language.
Walk ... Do n't Walk is a short film from the United States, starring Chevy Chase, and was published on January 1, 1968.
Jim McGuinness is a human who plays Gaelic football and is a member of the Donegal Senior Football Team.
Pouria Gheidar, a human and midfielder, is a member of PAS Hamedan F.C.
National Highway 332A in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, part of the national highway system in India.
Xtra Heat is a female Thoroughbred born in 1998 in the United States.
Jermaine Cunningham, also known as Alfred, is a human who was educated at the University of Florida and is a member of the San Francisco 49ers.
Clement Lebopo is a human who participated in the marathon discipline at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Stephen Island is an island located in the Antarctic Treaty area, near the Nickerson Ice Shelf, and it lies within Antarctica.
The LDV Maxus is a car model manufactured by LDV Group, following the LDV Pilot in their lineup.
The Minds of Billy Milligan is an English-language work published by Random House, featuring characters including Billy Milligan.
Poster Boys, an Indian TV show distributed by Sony Pictures Networks India, has a Kijkwijzer rating of 9 and was originally produced in Hindi.
Einstein Girl is a Japanese film or TV show featuring cast members Mayuko Iwasa and Rina Akiyama.
Pinkhill Lock is a lock on the River Thames in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom.
Nicholas Brown Jr., who was a member of the American Antiquarian Society, had his place of burial in Rhode Island and was the father of Nicholas Brown III.
Jel Sert, an enterprise in the drink industry, was founded in 1926 and has its headquarters in West Chicago, Illinois.
Eushully, a business, was founded in 2005 in Sapporo, where its headquarters is also located.
Harrison High School, located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, is part of Harrison School District 2 and is an instance of a high school in North America, based in the United States.
Dancing Dots is a business headquartered in Philadelphia, United States.
Assean Lake is a lake located in Manitoba, Canada.
Dave Coxhill is a midfielder who plays for Millwall F.C. and is a human.
The 1988 San Diego mayoral election was a U.S. mayoral election held in 1988 to contest the position of Mayor.
Guillaume Quellier was a member of the Stade de Reims sports team, with his tenure starting and ending at specific times through an acquisition transaction.
The Maoke Mountains, a mountain range in Indonesia and part of the New Guinea Highlands, have their highest point at Puncak Jaya.
Peter Olofsson is a human who plays handball.
Nicula Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox Church located in Nicula, Romania.
Panpepato is a type of cake from Italy that contains almonds.
Ircon International, a business founded in 1976, has its headquarters in New Delhi and operates in the rail transport industry.
Takumi Kuriyama is a Japanese human who plays as an outfielder for the Saitama Seibu Lions.
Riley Park in Sumter, South Carolina, is a sports venue that hosts games for the South Atlantic League.
Marcos Rocha is a member of Uberlândia Esporte Clube, with details including start and end times for his tenure and an acquisition transaction related to the club.
Obermillstatt is a village in Austria, located in the administrative territory of Millstatt, and falls under the category of Obermillstatt.
The 1953 Christchurch mayoral election was held in New Zealand to elect the Mayor in 1953.
VentureCrowd is a company founded on January 1, 2013, with its headquarters in Sydney.
Stadiums Limited, a company founded by John Wren, was incorporated in 1915.
The SS Solomon Juneau is a ship from the United States, operated by the United States Navy and manufactured by the California Shipbuilding Corporation.
The Weird Al Show, created by "Weird Al" Yankovic and originally aired on CBS, features Gary LeRoi Gray in its cast and is produced in the English language.
Richard Stark's "The Hunter" is a novel written in English by Darwyn Cooke and published by IDW Publishing, based on the original Stark novel "The Hunter."
Elliot Meyerowitz received the Gruber Prize in Genetics, which was awarded at a specific point in time and in association with his affiliation.
Diligent Corporation, a privately held company, was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in New York City.
Pigeon Key, Florida is a historic district located in Monroe County, Florida, United States, on Pigeon Key.
Thomas Arnold held the position of head teacher, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Sartimbamba District is a district in Peru, located in the Sánchez Carrión Province and sharing a border with the Cochorco District.
WWEG is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Myersville, Maryland, and is located in the administrative territorial entity of Maryland, United States.
Lake Borabay is a lake located in Turkey, specifically in the Amasya Province.
Blue Sky Aviation Services, an airline based in Kenya, was founded in 1996 and operates out of Moi International Airport.
South Street is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Farm Street.
Johannes Christiaan de Marez Oyens is a human who is the father of Hendrik Jan de Marez Oijens and the sibling of Hendrik Jan de Marez Oyens.
Core International, a business founded by Hal Prewitt in 1979, operates in the computer hardware industry.
Jimmy Adam is a human who plays as a midfielder for Stoke City F.C.
Clivia is an operetta, composed by Nico Dostal and first performed on December 23, 1933.
Joanne Reid is a human who participates in biathlon and competed in the Biathlon World Championships 2019.
On April 27, 1986, S.L. Benfica won the 1986 Taça de Portugal Final at Estádio Nacional.
Manifesto Games is a business founded in 2005 in the United States, operating in the video game industry.
The Herald, an English-language daily newspaper in tabloid format, is owned by Independent News & Media.
Evan Gray is a human who plays cricket and is a member of the New Zealand national cricket team.
Copia, a museum located in Napa, California, United States, was dissolved in 2008.
Frazer Field is a sports venue in the United States, owned by the University of Delaware, and home to the Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team.
Daniel Bragg is a human who plays as a midfielder for Gold Coast United FC.
Ali Mombaini is a human who plays as a midfielder for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
No Men Beyond This Point is a Canadian science fiction film distributed by Samuel Goldwyn Films and originally filmed in the English language.
The Island Tower Sky Club is a skyscraper located in Fukuoka, Japan, designed by Takenaka Corporation.
Pope's Flat is a river island located in Connecticut, United States, and it is situated next to the Housatonic River.
The Palisades is a neighbourhood in Edmonton, Canada, that shares a border with Wellington, Edmonton.
The 2002 film Doctor Sleep features Shirley Henderson and John Rogan in its cast, was produced by the BBC, and was edited by Niven Howie.
UTI Asset Management, a business founded in 1964, has its headquarters in Mumbai and operates in the mutual fund industry.
The 2007 film "Normal," produced in Canada, is in English and stars Carrie-Anne Moss and Andrew Airlie.
Vision Air Malaysia, an airline based in Malaysia with its hub at Miri Airport, was dissolved in 2003.
The Battle of Port Louis, a naval battle during the French Revolutionary Wars, took place on 11 December 1799, involving the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion, authored by Milton R. Beychok and published in 2005, is a book focusing on atmospheric dispersion modeling.
Star Realms is a board game published by White Wizard Games in 2014, developed by Darwin Kastle.
Plum High School is a high school in the United States, located in Pennsylvania within the Plum Borough School District.
The 2001 Brasil Open, organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals, included the 2001 Brasil Open – Men event and was followed by the 2002 Brasil Open.
Stamford in Lincolnshire is a town located in the United Kingdom, specifically within the administrative territorial entity of Stamford.
Citizen Khan, created by Adil Ray and originally aired on BBC One, features Shobu Kapoor in its cast and is produced in the English language.
Nailya Gilyazova was born in Kazan, which is located in the Republic of Tatarstan, a federal subject of Russia.
The DSB Class EA is an electric locomotive and a member of the locomotive class, manufactured by Henschel & Son with a wheel arrangement of Bo-Bo.
jQuery Mobile is a web framework licensed under both the MIT License and the GNU General Public License, and it is written in JavaScript.
Persiss Sorong is an association football club based in Indonesia, playing in the Liga Indonesia Second Division.
Mojave Moon, an American film distributed by GK Films, features Alfred Molina in its cast and was directed by James Glennon.
Ettaler Manndl is a mountain located in Bavaria, Germany, within the Ammergau Alps.
Carrascosa de la Sierra is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Soria and shares a border with Valtajeros.
Chemical equilibrium is a type of equilibrium and a technique, described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia, and falls under the category of chemical equilibria.
Maharana Pratap Sagar is a reservoir in India, specifically located in the basin of the Beas River system, where it features the Pong Dam.
Time and Again is an English-language novel published by Simon & Schuster, focusing on time travel and set in New York City.
Champion REIT is a business with its headquarters in Hong Kong, and its stock is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It was established in 2006.
The Bengo River, located in Angola's Bengo Province, flows into the Atlantic Ocean.
West Meadows Ice Arena is a sports venue located in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, United States, and is occupied by the Chicago Hitmen.
The Gable Mansion is a building located in California, United States, and it features Renaissance Revival architecture.
Brewmeister Brewery is a brewery headquartered in Aberdeenshire, United Kingdom, and operates in the brewing industry.
Aso Villa is an official residence located in Abuja, Nigeria.
Programa Xuxa is a Brazilian television series originally aired on Rede Globo, produced in the Portuguese language.
Hyuna is affiliated with Cube Entertainment, which started at a certain time and ended at a different time.
Fernando Pérez de Traba was part of the House of Traba and had a partner named Theresa, Countess of Portugal. They had a child together named Teresa Fernández de Traba, and Fernando also had a sibling named Rodrigo Pérez de Traba.
The Beast, an English-language TV series that aired on American Broadcasting Company, ran from June 13, 2001, to July 25, 2001.
Yavi Department is a department in Argentina, located in the Jujuy Province, with its capital city being La Quiaca.
CSI: Trilogy is a television show from the United States, originally aired on CBS, and features crossover fiction genres.
Riggs Flat Lake is a lake located in Arizona, United States.
The 1904 French film "Faust and Marguerite" is in the public domain and was produced by the Star Film Company, based on the opera "Faust."
Viimne reliikvia is an Estonian film distributed by Tallinnfilm, set in Estonia during the time of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic.
WTT HK, a private company limited by shares owned by The Wharf (Holdings), was dissolved in 2019 and replaced by Hong Kong Broadband Network.
Debevoise & Plimpton, a law firm founded by William Stevenson in 1931, has its headquarters in New York City.
Fieldings Lake is a lake located in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Zurella, a female born on September 25, 2008, in New Zealand, is the daughter of Zabeel.
The 2001 Civic Democratic Party leadership election was held in the Czech Republic to contest the position of Party leader.
Grey Global Group, a business headquartered in New York City, was founded on August 1, 1917, and operates in the marketing industry.
Rythme FM is a French-language radio station that began broadcasting in 1999 and is part of a broadcast network.
The Potomac Creek Bridge is a railway bridge located in Virginia, United States, and it crosses Potomac Creek.
Leslie Harrison Dam is a dam located in Queensland, Australia, on Tingalpa Creek.
Ian Read held the position of chief executive officer with a start time and an end time.
Clearfield Area Junior/Senior High School is a high school in the Clearfield Area School District, located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Kamiji Station, a train station in Japan, was inaugurated on November 8, 1922, and was dissolved on March 14, 1985.
Watlow, a privately held company, was founded in 1922 and has its headquarters in St. Louis.
Percewood's Onagram, a rock and pop band formed in Germany on January 1, 1969, originated from Germany.
Atlixco is a city located in Atlixco Municipality, Mexico, and serves as the capital of Atlixco Municipality.
The Sigma SD14 is a digital single-lens reflex camera model manufactured by Sigma Corporation, introduced in 2007.
The MOL Enterprise is a container ship owned by Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, manufactured by IHI Corporation, and registered in Togo.
Liahavichy Castle, founded by Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, is a castle located in Lyakhavichy, Belarus.
Leland I is a sculpture created by Bonnie Bronson and Lee Kelly, and it is located in the United States.
Marble Arch Caves, discovered in 1895, is a show cave located in County Fermanagh, United Kingdom.
Skindred is a heavy metal band formed in Newport, Wales, and signed with Napalm Records; Benji Webbe is part of the band.
Scott Garthwaite, also known as Punk Chef, is a human who has hearing loss.
Snohomish County Public Utility District, an entity in the public utility industry, was established in 1949 and has its headquarters in Everett, Washington.
Hip Hing Construction, a business founded by Cheng Yu-tung, was established on March 1, 1961, in Hong Kong.
Tamerna Djedida is a human settlement in Algeria, located in the Djamaâ District and sharing a border with M'Rara.
Pickwick is an indie rock band formed in Seattle, United States.
Valdosta High School is a high school located in Georgia, United States, within the Valdosta City School District.
General is a Malayalam-language broadsheet newspaper that was inceptioned in 1976.
HyperACCESS is a software developed by Hilgraeve, which was inceptioned in 1985 and runs on Microsoft Windows.
Momentum, an American film distributed by GoDigital, was directed by Glen MacPherson and is set in Washington, D.C.
North Charleston High School is a high school in the United States, located in South Carolina within the Charleston County School District.
The 2005 Kiso mayoral election was held in Japan to contest the position of Mayor.
Lebanon, Kentucky is a city in the United States and serves as the capital of Marion County, Kentucky.
Stingaree (1934 film) was directed by Leo Tover and starred Lionel Belmore and Henry Stephenson, with Pandro S. Berman as the executive producer.
Ultraman Neos is a broadcasting program from Japan, originally aired on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting.
Gazelle is a business based in Japan that was founded on January 1, 1995, and operates in the video game industry.
Villa Costanza is an Italian villa in Palladian architecture, located in San Pietro in Cariano, Italy.
Merry Maids, a business founded in 1979, has its headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee, and operates in the service industry.
The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House, a Renaissance Revival architecture house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, stands as a significant heritage site.
Rita Sullivan is a female television character from Coronation Street.
Peter Schutz held the position of chief executive officer, starting at an unspecified time and ending at another unspecified time.
Terang railway station, owned by VicTrack and named after the town of Terang, was officially opened on 23 April 1887 and serves the Terang transport hub.
The Boeing XB-56 is a proposed bomber aircraft manufactured by Boeing in the United States.
Vijaydan Detha, who wrote in the Rajasthani language, is known for his notable work "Batan Ri Phulwari" and received the Sahitya Akademi Award.
The Autograph Collection, founded by Richard C. Kessler in 2010, is a business headquartered in Washington, D.C.
L'Astronomie is a French-language periodical literature magazine that was inceptioned in 1883 and primarily focuses on astronomy.
The College Tribune, a tabloid newspaper founded in 1989, is based in the Republic of Ireland.
The River Waring is a river located in Lincolnshire, United Kingdom, and it flows into the River Bain.
The Koeye River is a watercourse located in British Columbia, Canada, and it empties into the Pacific Ocean.
Susan Corrock is a human who participated in the 1972 Winter Olympics as an alpine skier.
Candover Investments is a business founded in 1980, headquartered in London, and listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Hollow Ground is a heavy metal band from the United Kingdom, formed in South Shields.
Villalba del Rey is a municipality in Spain, located in the province of Cuenca, with Villalba del Rey as its capital.
The Gillespie Street-Clinton River Bridge is a road bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States, spanning the Clinton River in Michigan.
The 1947 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park, with Aberdeen F.C. emerging as the winner and Hibernian F.C. also participating in the match.
Arammba is a modern language indigenous to Western Province in Papua New Guinea.
Boudouaou District, the capital of which is Boudouaou, is located in the Boumerdès Province of Algeria and is an instance of Algerian districts.
Society Stores Supermarkets, a privately held company, was founded in 2014 and has its headquarters in Thika.
UFC Fight Night: Lewis vs. Abdurakhimov is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
The 1989 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was held at Wankdorf Stadium, with FC Barcelona winning against U.C. Sampdoria.
WMVB is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Millville, New Jersey, in the United States.
The 1908 Wellington City mayoral election was held in New Zealand to elect the Mayor of Wellington.
Winthrop Jordan was educated at Clark University, where he earned an academic degree and majored in a field that ended his time there.
Percy Lowe held the position of curator from a start time to an end time.
Jos North is a local government area in Nigeria, located in Plateau State, with its legislative body being the Jos North Legislative Council.
The 1998 Football League Cup Final was held at Wembley Stadium and won by Chelsea F.C.
Amar Rashid is a human who bowls leg break for the Unicorns cricket team.
The Interstate 182 Bridge carries both Interstate 182 and the Sacagawea Heritage Trail across the Columbia River, and it is maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
Blackfriars Road is a road located in the London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom, and connects with Westminster Bridge Road.
The Sea Princess, a cruise ship manufactured by Fincantieri and registered in Bermuda, calls Monrovia its home port.
DON Market is a retail business headquartered in Ohrid, established in 2007.
Shrek! is a picture book published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux and illustrated by William Steig.
Fyodor von Buxhoeveden, a member of the Buxhoeveden family, received the Order of the White Eagle from Poland and had a son named Peter von Buxhoeveden.
UFC 42 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Sandneset Point is a peninsula and headland located in the Antarctic Treaty area on the continent of Antarctica.
Elmira Free Academy is a high school located in the Elmira City School District, New York, United States.
Hare Splitter is an episode of the Merrie Melodies series, produced in the United States by Edward Selzer and originally produced in the English language.
Supplementum Plantarum, a written work authored by Carl Linnaeus the Younger and published on April 1, 1782, in Braunschweig.
Luxim is a company founded in 2000 with its headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
The Englebert Complex is a sports venue in the United States that opened officially in 1978 and is currently occupied by the Toronto Blue Jays.
The New Artists Alliance, a business founded in 2007, has its headquarters in Los Angeles and operates in the film industry.
François Jacob received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, shared with others at a specific point in time.
The Isaac H. Lionberger House, designed by Henry Hobson Richardson, was built in 1887 and is a building located in the United States.
The Slingshot Cartel, an enterprise in the video game industry, was founded on January 1, 2016, with its headquarters in London.
The 1994 Thriftway ATP Championships, organized by the Women's Tennis Association and following the 1993 event, was part of the 1994 Thriftway ATP Championships — Singles, which was succeeded by the 1995 Thriftway ATP Championships.
Austin & Pickersgill, a shipbuilding business headquartered in England, was founded in 1954.
Rusk County Airport serves Ladysmith, Wisconsin, and is located in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States. It is an airport.
Thursday Theatre, a television series that started on October 8, 1964, features cast members including Rachel Gurney and John Sharp.
Sidereus Nuncius, written in Latin by Galileo Galilei, is a work on astronomy originating from Italy.
Maynard High School in Arkansas is part of the Maynard School District and is located in the state of Arkansas, United States, and it is an instance of a state school.
Desert Strike is a single-player video game available on Amiga and Super Nintendo Entertainment System, followed by Jungle Strike.
The Japan High School Baseball Federation, an instance of a public-service corporation and a Public Interest Incorporated Foundation based in Japan, was established on April 1, 2011.
The Estonian Shipping Company, a public limited company established in 1991, has its headquarters in Tallinn.
The Big Knights, which started on December 19, 1999, on BBC One, features Morwenna Banks in its cast and is produced in the English language.
Mazeppa is a French film primarily about a horse, directed by Bernard Zitzermann, and originally filmed in French.
Air Kasaï, an airline based in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, was founded in 1983 and operates out of N'Dolo Airport.
The 1981 Bangladeshi presidential election was a presidential election held in Bangladesh to contest the position of President.
The Jungbu Expressway, which was inaugurated in 1987, is a road in South Korea part of the expressway system in the country.
Sharpeville is a township located in South Africa within the Emfuleni Local Municipality, and it falls under the main category of Sharpeville.
William Horsley was the father of John Callcott Horsley and Charles Edward Horsley, and he was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery.
Léopold Renouard served as Governor from a start time to an end time.
Bancannia Lake is a lake located in New South Wales, Australia.
Art Front is a magazine that originated in the United States and was published in New York City in 1934.
Interstate 20 in Mississippi terminates at Interstate 20 in Alabama and is part of both the Mississippi State Highway System and the Interstate Highway System, maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation.
Marshyhope Creek is a river located in Maryland, United States, and it empties into the Nanticoke River.
The 1964 United States presidential election in Kansas was held on November 3, 1964, to elect the President of the United States.
Putgarten is a municipality located in Vorpommern-Rügen, Germany, and falls under the category of Putgarten.
El Horreya SC is an association football club based in Egypt, playing in the Egyptian Second Division.
The American Blimp MZ-3, manufactured by the American Blimp Corporation and operated by the United States Navy, is considered a type of ship.
La Garrovilla is a municipality in Spain, located in the Province of Badajoz and shares a border with Torremayor.
The Wheelbarrow Mine, located in Latah County, Idaho, United States, is a mine that produces gold.
Manfalut is a city located in the Asyut Governorate of Egypt.
Cypher in the Snow is a punk rock band from California, United States.
The Ted Lindsay Award, established in 2009, is a sports award given in ice hockey, replacing the Lester B. Pearson Award.
The Daily Dispatch is a newspaper based in Henderson, North Carolina, owned by Paxton Media Group, and originating from the United States.
Moreton Bay Marine Park, established in 1992, is located in Queensland, Australia, and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Midrash Proverbs is a book in the Hebrew language that is based on the Book of Proverbs and falls under the genre of Midrash.
The Qingdao Jiaozhou Bay tunnel, an instance of a road tunnel in China, officially opened on July 1, 2011, with its terminus at Xihai'an.
Chakravyuh, an Indian film from 2012, is in Hindi and stars Esha Gupta and Manoj Bajpayee.
The Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong, founded by Jasper Tsang and led by chairperson Starry Lee, has its headquarters on King's Road in Hong Kong and adheres to Chinese nationalism as its political ideology.
Rivercrest High School is a state school located in Arkansas, United States, within the Rivercrest School District.
Welikada is a human settlement located in the Colombo District of Sri Lanka, sharing a border with Rajagiriya.
The 2010 Scottish Cup Final was held at Hampden Park, with Dundee United F.C. emerging as the winner and Ross County F.C. also participating.
Granada Reports is an English-language television series originally aired on ITV Granada.
The Cinaruco River, located in Colombia, is a river that drains into the Orinoco and ultimately flows into the Amazon basin.
The Paris-Dakar Rally video game was developed by Acclaim Studios London and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, featuring multiplayer gameplay.
The Tata Telcoline is a car model manufactured by Tata Motors, followed by the Tata Xenon.
Blount Island is a river island located in Florida, United States, next to the St. Johns River.
James Emerson Tennent held the position of Colonial Secretary of Ceylon, with a start and end time, and was eventually replaced by someone else.
Jaunpils is a village located in Latvia, serving as the capital of Jaunpils Municipality and situated within the administrative territory of Jaunpils Parish.
James May's Cars of the People is an English-language television series produced in the United Kingdom and distributed by BBC Worldwide.
Myrtos is a village located in the Ierapetra Municipality on the island of Crete, Greece.
Eyemart Express is a retail business that was founded in 1990 and has its headquarters in Farmers Branch, Texas.
Bobby Jindal was educated at the University of Oxford, where he earned an academic degree.
Werner von Bercken, a Generalleutnant, received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the German Cross in Gold.
Woods Bagot, an architectural firm founded by E.J. Woods in 1869, has its headquarters in Australia.
Conduit Avenue is a thoroughfare maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and located in the state of New York, United States.
The Alliance of Women Directors, an organization founded in 1997, works in the field of film in the United States.
Trees Lounge was directed by Lisa Rinzler and featured cast members Seymour Cassel and Anthony LaPaglia, filmed in New York City.
The 2013 Dubai Tennis Championships, which follows the 2012 edition and is followed by the 2014 edition, includes both the women's and men's tournaments.
Bear Island Lake is a lake located in Birch Lake, Minnesota, United States.
The Constituent National Assembly of South Korea is a legislative term that applies to South Korea and was followed by the 2nd Legislative Assembly.
The 2015 Charlotte mayoral election was held in the United States on November 3, 2015, to contest the position of Mayor.
Mdlaw Megbi is an association football club playing in the Eritrean Premier League and based at Cicero Stadium.
Fairlop tube station is adjacent to Hainault tube station and connects towards Hainault.
Park Ridge High School is a high school in the United States, located in New Jersey within the Park Ridge Public Schools district.
Little Brewster Island is an island located in Boston Harbor, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States.
Quadron, an indie pop band formed in Copenhagen in 2009, is a rock and pop group.
Beijing Media Network, a television station headquartered in Beijing TV Centre, was established in 1979 and primarily covers topics related to Beijing television.
The 1965 Austrian presidential election, held on May 23, resulted in Franz Jonas's victory.
Mulberry is a South Korean film produced by Lee Tae-won, originally in the Korean language, adapted from a work by Na Do-hyang.
Cheng Fung is an association football club playing in the Liga de Elite and based at Estádio Campo Desportivo.
Transavia Corporation, a business with its headquarters in the City of Parramatta, was founded on January 1, 1965, and ceased operations on January 1, 1985.
The H-Man is a film or TV show set in Tokyo, Japan, with Akihiko Hirata in the cast and originally filmed in the English language.
The Castellana Caves, a show cave located in Castellana Grotte, Italy, were discovered in 1938.
Cimitarra Airport serves the city of Cimitarra in Colombia and is located in the Santander Department. It is an airport.
Brede House, an architectural gem in the Neoclassical style, is part of the National Museum of Denmark and is designated as a monument on the Kulturstyrelsen register. It was designed by architect Andreas Kirkerup.
The Demetian Mirror, edited by Evan Watkin and published by John Cox, is written in English and published in Aberystwyth.
Optimal Energy Joule was a business that was founded in 2004 and had its headquarters in Cape Town, but it was dissolved in 2012.
Miss Earth México 2012 was a beauty pageant edition held in Mexico in 2012 as part of the Miss Earth México series.
Romelu Lukaku was a member of the Belgian First Division A during his specified start and end times with the sports team.
Iway is a bridge located in Providence, Rhode Island, United States, that crosses the Providence River.
TKK Fried Chicken, a business headquartered in New Taipei City, was founded on July 20, 1974, in the food industry.
Prem Aamar, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, is a Bengali-language film written by Selvaraghavan and made in India.
Pavel Torgayev plays in the National Hockey League and has been a member of both HC Fribourg-Gottéron and the Calgary Flames.
Win Win Tint, a female human, was born in Yangon in 1975.
Turbo Tape Games, a video game developer headquartered in Bergen, was founded in 2008 and operates in the video game industry.
Altira Macau, located in Macau, China, is a hotel designed by Wong Tung & Partners.
Alice Walker received the Lillian Smith Book Award for her work in a specific year.
Buck Lodge Middle School is located in Maryland, United States, and is part of the Prince George's County Public Schools district.
The Littlest Man Band, an American rock and pop band formed on January 1, 2003, includes Scott Klopfenstein as a member.
The Kirondatal Gold Mine, located in Tanzania and owned by Barrick Gold, is an operational gold mine.
L'Autrichienne is a film shot in Paris, starring Jean-Pol Dubois and Catherine Erhardy, with production design by Jacques Saulnier.
Tsing Shan Tsuen stop, operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, opened on September 18, 1988, and connects to Light Rail Route 610.
Fly Eye Records, a record label founded by Calvin Harris, was established on January 1, 2009, in the United Kingdom.
Honda Cars India, an automotive industry business, was founded on December 1, 1995, and its headquarters is located in Greater Noida.
Raaj Kamal Films International, a business founded by Kamal Haasan in 1981, is headquartered in Chennai.
Paris Mountain is a mountain located in Virginia, United States, and is part of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
FFB Stadium is a stadium located in Belmopan, Belize, and is home to the Belize national football team.
Musicadium, a business headquartered in Brisbane, was inceptioned on January 1, 2006, and operates in the music industry.
Madeleine M. Joullié was educated at Simmons University, where she earned an academic degree and majored in a specific field.
Mont Juic is a suite in music composed by Benjamin Britten and Lennox Berkeley, with its first performance on January 8, 1938.
Ben Gardane Airfield, an aerodrome in Tunisia, was established in 1943 and serves the area around Ben Gardane.
Lawrence Heights is a neighbourhood located in Ontario, Canada, and shares a border with Downsview.
Ankavandra Airport, named after Ankavandra, is an airport serving the area in Madagascar.
Ballybofey railway station, an Irish train station, opened on June 3, 1895, and was officially closed on December 15, 1947, in the Republic of Ireland.
The Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute, named after and founded by the scientist Nikolay Zhukovsky, is a key institution in the aviation industry and falls under the category of TsAGI.
The 2019 Badminton Asia Junior Championships – Girls' Doubles took place from July 20 to July 28, 2019, at the Suzhou Olympic Sports Centre in Suzhou.
Masakazu Konishi received the International Prize for Biology for his work in biology, which was awarded to a Japanese citizen in a specific year.
National Highway 70 is a road in India, owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, and part of the national highway system in the country.
Batman: Gotham County Line is a limited comic series featuring Batman, authored by Steve Niles, and followed by Batman and the Monster Men.
Wedding Daze was filmed in New York City and stars Ebon Moss-Bachrach and Joe Pantoliano, with executive producer Fisher Stevens.
Boistfort Peak is a mountain located in Washington state, United States, within the Willapa Hills range.
"Skin" is a short story by Roald Dahl, published in both "Skin and Other Stories" and The New Yorker.
SouthWest Energy is a business founded in 2005 with its headquarters in Ethiopia, operating in the petroleum industry.
Rama Sithanen is a human who practices Hinduism and holds the position of Vice Prime Minister of Mauritius, a member of the Militant Socialist Movement.
Deportivo Santa Cecilia is an association football club based in Nicaragua, playing in the Tercera División de Nicaragua.
Warrior is a Danish television series directed by Christoffer Boe and originally aired on TV 2 in Denmark.
The Sportanlage an der Feldgerichtstrasse is a sports venue located in Frankfurt, Germany, and is occupied by SC 1880 Frankfurt.
The Devon Sharks, an rugby league team based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2006 and competes in rugby union.
Warren Beson served as the athletic director from a start time to an end time.
Darkeden is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game published on Microsoft Windows, released on January 3, 2008.
Gokujyo is a Japanese TV series authored by Maya Miyazaki, where the main character is voiced by Satomi Akesaka. The series is in the Japanese language.
The Sixaola River is a river in Costa Rica that flows into the Caribbean Sea and is distinct from Sixaola.
Hollywood Boulevard, named after Hollywood, terminates at Sunset Boulevard and leads to the Hollywood Hills West area, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Men of Honor" was filmed in Long Beach, California, and features cast members Joshua Leonard and Dulé Hill, with executive producer Bill Cosby.
Albarka Air, an airline based in Nigeria, was founded in 1999 but was dissolved on April 30, 2007.
The Eleanor cross is a monument in the United Kingdom, founded by Edward I of England, and it commemorates Eleanor of Castile.
Greenwell Street is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Bolsover Street.
Night of the Wild is a television film directed by Eric Red, released on October 1, 2015, by The Asylum.
Oasis Investment Company, a business founded in 1971, is headquartered in Dubai and operates in the manufacturing industry.
Apocalypse World, a tabletop role-playing game created by Vincent Baker, is part of The Forge movement and was published in 2010.
St. Paul's tube station is adjacent to Chancery Lane tube station, which connects towards a specific direction.
Discovery High School of Newton-Conover is a high school located in North Carolina, United States, within the Newton-Conover City Schools district.
Waukon High School is a high school located in Iowa, United States, and is part of the Allamakee Community School District.
Dreamland Margate is an amusement park located in Margate, United Kingdom, which includes a cinema.
The Faith campaign, organized by the Ba'ath Party, started in 1993 and was conducted in Iraq.
STS-135 involved the docking and berthing of a spacecraft, which began at a specific location and ended at a certain time.
Rusty Moe is a rock and pop band formed in 2008 in Chennai, known for playing rock music.
Hervé Chapelier is a business founded in 1976 with its headquarters in Paris, operating in the retail industry.
The Financial Post, a periodical in the journalism industry, was founded in 1907 in Canada.
Demon Strings, a rock and pop band formed in England, originated from the United Kingdom in 2005.
The Warsaw Academy, located in New York, United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features Greek Revival architecture.
The Puclaro Dam, located in Chile on the Elqui River, creates the Embalse Puclaro reservoir.
Vladimir Putin participated in the World Economic Forum, where he had a specific role at a particular point in time.
Goliath Management, a business founded by Paul Rosenberg, was established in 1998 and is headquartered in New York City.
Waheeda Rehman, whose career began in 1955, received the Padma Shri in arts and the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award. She was married to Shashi Rekhi.
Alexander Petrov, a figure skater from Russia, participated in the Dragon Trophy 2019 senior men's singles event.
Forkston Mountain is an instance of a mountain located in Pennsylvania, United States, and is part of the Appalachian Mountains.
KColorEdit is an application software that runs on Linux and is written in C++, licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Carnesville is a city in Franklin County, Georgia, United States, and it serves as the county seat of Franklin County.
Mysteries of a Barbershop is a German film with cast members Kurt Horwitz and Blandine Ebinger, originating from Germany.
Eagle Mine in Michigan is a copper mine located in the United States.
Gazela is a museum ship located in Pennsylvania, United States.
Barings Bank, a finance company and public limited company, was founded by Sir Francis Baring, 1st Baronet, and has its headquarters in London.
Likoma Airport serves Likoma and is located in the Northern Region of Malawi. It is an airport serving the region.
A potato waffle is a type of waffle and potato dish originating from the United Kingdom.
Gondwana Records, founded by Matthew Halsall and based in Manchester, includes part of the GoGo Penguin and the Portico Quartet.
RagWing Aircraft Designs, a business headquartered in Belton, South Carolina, was founded in 1987 and operates in the aerospace industry.
The Liverpool International Tennis Tournament is a grass court tennis tournament that began in 2002.
MindGym is a video game published in 1996 in the United Kingdom, available on Microsoft Windows.
Chryseobacterium greenlandense is a species of Gram-negative bacteria belonging to the genus Chryseobacterium.
Massillon Washington High School is a state school located in the Massillon City School District, Ohio, United States.
Kdenlive is a multimedia editing software developed in C++ and available on FreeBSD and Microsoft Windows, using the Qt framework for its GUI.
Kryvyi Rih is the capital of Kryvyi Rih Raion, with its administrative period defined by a start and end time.
Fireman Sam, which originally aired on S4C since December 26, 1985, is presented in the Welsh language by John Alderton.
123rf, a business headquartered in Chicago, was founded in 2005 and operates in the stock photography industry.
Malitel is a business based in Mali, part of the mobile phone industry and a subsidiary of Sotelma.
The GMA Kapuso Foundation, an organization founded by Mel Tiangco, was established in 1991 and has its headquarters at the GMA Network Center.
Vice Squad is a German television series originally aired on RTL, produced in the German language.
Shadows of Tombstone, directed by Bud Thackery, features cast members Julian Rivero and Richard Avonde, produced by Republic Pictures.
AvtoRadio is a Ukrainian language radio station that was founded on April 5, 1993, in Russia.
Arq Group, a business founded by the University of Melbourne in 1996, has its headquarters in Melbourne.
Innospec is a business headquartered in the United States and listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
The 2018 Lampung gubernatorial election was held in Indonesia in 2018 to contest the position of Governor.
Sodom Lake is a lake located in Shelburne County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Riverview Dam is a dam located in the United States on the Chattahoochee River, within the ACF River Basin.
Introduction to the Reading of Hegel is a book by Alexandre Kojève, focusing on Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, and originated in France.
The Heyworth Building, an architectural structure designed by D.H. Burnham & Company, is located in Illinois, United States.
The Red River, a tributary of the Cumberland River, is a river located in the United States, flowing into the Cumberland River and draining into the Cumberland River basin.
Giovanni Pietro de Bono, a member of the Dominican Order and a Catholic Church priest, held the position of diocesan bishop.
Ron Rivest received the Turing Award in a point in time, jointly with other recipients.
Lesnoy Gorodok is an urban settlement in Russia and serves as its own administrative center.
Zumba Dance Fitness Party is an Indian television series distributed by The Times Group and presented in Hindi.
Highland Park High School is a high school in the United States, located in Saint Paul, Minnesota, and part of the Saint Paul Public Schools district.
The Luxgen U7 is a sport utility vehicle and a car model manufactured by Luxgen, powered by a petrol engine.
Mitteldeutsche Zeitung, an instance of a daily newspaper, was founded in 1946 and is edited by Alfred Neven DuMont.
Joan Sebastian received a Latin Grammy Award for Best Banda Album for his work in a specific point in time.
Bateman Park is a sports venue located in British Columbia, Canada, and is occupied by the University of the Fraser Valley.
Carl Schotten is a human who was educated at Leipzig University and was advised by Ferdinand Tiemann for his doctoral studies.
Columbian High School is a state school located in the Tiffin City School District, administrative territory of Ohio, United States.
Mohamed Amin Didi held the position of President of the Maldives, starting at a certain time and ending at another, when he was succeeded by a new president.
Michel Friedman earned his Doctor of Philosophy, which was educated at a specific institution and advised by a particular doctoral advisor.
Perry Park is a stadium located in Queensland, Australia, and is the home ground of Brisbane Strikers FC.
Sheila Birtles is a female television character named Sheila, who appears in Coronation Street.
Petteri Taalas was educated at the University of Helsinki, where he earned an academic degree in his main subject area.
Cockspur Island is an island located in Fort Pulaski National Monument, within the administrative territory of Georgia, United States.
Sweden participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2015.
Park Dinor is a diner in the United States designed by Silk City Diners and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Legs of Gold was filmed in Apulia and features cast members Turi Pandolfini and Luigi Pavese, with production designed by Piero Filippone.
Newton-Conover High School is a high school located in North Carolina, United States, within the Newton-Conover City Schools district.
Xiangyun Airport is an airport located in Xiangyun County, China, serving the region and China as a whole.
Laaksonen is a surname written in the Latin script and associated with the Finnish language.
Talfaza Jaya, an Arabic-language film or TV show from Tunisia, features cast members Jamel Sassi and Hichem Rostom.
Son Tae-jin is a human who participates in taekwondo and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics, and he was educated at Dankook University.
The John Basilone Veterans Memorial Bridge is a bridge located in New Jersey, United States, and it crosses the Raritan River.
The James Gamble House, a Renaissance Revival architecture house located in the United States, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bates Island is an island located in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States, and it is situated next to Lake Chaubunagungamaug.
Bo Jackson Baseball is a multiplayer video game designed by Scott Orr, available on both the Nintendo Entertainment System and DOS platforms.
Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in North Dakota, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Thomas Habinek was educated at Princeton University, where he earned an academic degree in his chosen major.
The Suzuki Cervo is a car model manufactured by Suzuki, following the Suzuki Fronte in their lineup.
Upper Harker Lake is a lake located in Kidder County, North Dakota, United States.
Cabo Rojo Airport serves Pedernales, Dominican Republic, and is located in the administrative territory of Pedernales, Dominican Republic. It is an airport in the country.
Parivartana is a Telugu language film from India, starring Ramana Reddy and Chadalavada Kutumba Rao.
Ranchview High School is located in Irving, Texas, within the Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School District, and it is a high school in North America, United States.
IP Systems is a business headquartered in Budapest, founded in 2008 and operating in the energy industry.
The Horns of Elfland, edited by Ellen Kushner and Delia Sherman, was published by Roc Books in the English language.
Wailoa River State Recreation Area is a landform located on the island of Hawaii in the United States.
The Sweden Super League, an instance of a sports league, was inaugurated in 2010 and competes in rugby league in Sweden.
The Miner River is a river in New Zealand, located in the Tasman District, and it flows into the Roding River.
Sneaker is a pop rock band from Los Angeles, United States.
The Michigan Every Three Weekly is a newspaper published in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States.
Salammbo: Battle for Carthage, developed by Cryo Interactive, is a single-player video game inspired and based on Gustave Flaubert's novel Salammbô.
Pelagos is a village located in the Tripoli Municipality of Greece on the Peloponnese peninsula.
Bruce Chizen held the position of chief executive officer from a start time to an end time.
Thunder on Sycamore Street is a television series episode directed by David Cahill, originally published on July 23, 1960, in English.
Beaufort railway station, located in Victoria, was owned by VicTrack and operated from its official opening on August 11, 1874, until its closure on May 27, 1994. It was adjacent to Wendouree railway station.
TRT Türk, headquartered in Ankara and part of the Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, operates in the journalism industry throughout Turkey.
Smith River National Recreation Area is a protected landscape in California, United States, and falls under IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
Sergei Gunko was born in Samara, which is an administrative territorial entity in Russia.
MJ Gleeson is a business with its headquarters in Fleet, Hampshire, and it is listed on the London Stock Exchange; it was founded in 1903.
The Sisters is a painting created by James Collinson in 1860, painted on canvas.
The Manawatu rugby league team was founded on January 1, 1957, in New Zealand and competes in rugby league.
RCN Radio, a French-language radio network based in Colombia, was founded on January 1, 1949.
Gunsight Lake in Idaho is a glacial lake located in the United States.
South End Press was founded by Lydia Sargent and Juliet Schor in Boston, and it is named after South End, Boston.
Shagird is an Indian action thriller film distributed by Reliance Entertainment, originally filmed in Hindi.
The International MXT-MV, designed and manufactured by Navistar International in the United States, entered service on January 1, 2006.
Yiynova, a public company, was founded in 2008 and has its headquarters in Taipei.
The National Spot Exchange, an economic business headquartered in Mumbai, began operations in 2005.
Karla Rothstein was educated at Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation, where her academic major and degree were in architecture.
Automatix, a business founded by Victor Scheinman on January 1980, has its headquarters in Billerica, Massachusetts.
Northeastern High School is located in Manchester, Pennsylvania, within the Northeastern York School District, and it is a high school in North America, United States.
Tuesday Morning, a business founded in 1974, has its headquarters in Dallas and trades on the Nasdaq.
Saint Wenna, a Celtic Briton and Welsh queen, spoke and wrote both the Cornish and Welsh languages.
The Fourposter, authored by Jan de Hartog, is a play first performed on October 24, 1951, at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre.
Newman and Baddiel in Pieces is a British television comedy series that originally aired on BBC Two.
Flea Market Music is a company founded in 1992 and operates in the publishing industry.
Francofonia is a film set in France, originally filmed in French and directed by Bruno Delbonnel. It originates from the Netherlands.
Nuremberg North is a federal electoral district in Bavaria, Germany, where Sebastian Brehm was the successful candidate.
The Honda CBX550F is a motorcycle model in the Honda CB series, manufactured by Honda and powered by a four-stroke engine.
The 2006 Dubai Tennis Championships, which includes the 2006 Dubai ATP tournament, follows the 2005 edition and is followed by the 2007 tournament, all of which are tennis events.
People for Successful Korean Reunification is an organization based in Seoul, North Korea, focused on the work of Korean reunification.
The 1980 Ottawa municipal election was a Canadian municipal election held in 1980 to contest seats on the Ottawa City Council.
The Borghese Collection, founded by Scipione Borghese, is part of both the Louvre and the Galleria Borghese.
Sondika is a municipality in Spain, located in the administrative territorial entity of Greater Bilbao and shares a border with Zamudio.
Goguac Lake is a lake located in Calhoun County, Michigan, United States.
Empress of Blandings is a female fictional pig created by P.G. Wodehouse and owned by Lord Emsworth.
Neo is an international auxiliary language and constructed language created in 1961 by Arturo Alfandari.
Azza Transport is an airline based in Sudan, founded in 1993, with its hub at Khartoum International Airport.
Guido Maria Casullo held the position of territorial prelate for a diocese, with a specific start and end time.
Jackson Lake Lodge is a National Historic Landmark and a place listed on the National Register of Historic Places, featuring rustic architecture and located within Grand Teton National Park.
Banca Carim is a financial services company headquartered in Rimini, structured as a Società per azioni and is part of the Crédit Agricole Italia group.
The Taganrog Palace of Youth, located in Taganrog, Russia, is a tourist attraction featuring Constructivist architecture.
Stunt Squad, an Italian film or TV show originally in the Italian language, is set in Emilia-Romagna and features Vittorio Mezzogiorno in its cast.
The Bellarmine Knights represent Bellarmine University in their university and college sports, based in the United States, and fall under the category of Bellarmine Knights.
Brighto Paints, a privately held company, was founded in 1973 and has its headquarters in Lahore.
The Italian Hockey League, which began in 1935, is an ice hockey league in Italy that starts its season in September.
The Tula de Allende Cathedral, located in Tula de Allende, Mexico, is an instance of a cathedral and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tula.
Elektroprivreda HZ HB, a public company, was established on August 28, 1992, with its headquarters in Mostar.
The Ninja Warriors, a single-player video game released in 1994 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, was developed by Natsume and published by Taito.
Georgia State Stadium, which opened on August 18, 2017, replaced Turner Field and is now home to the Georgia State Panthers football team, hosting American football games.
The Odelouca River is a river in Portugal, located in the Faro District, and it flows into the Arade River.
Prince Ali Stadium is a stadium in Jordan where association football is played, and it is home to Mansheyat Bani Hasan.
Governador Island is an island located in Guanabara Bay and is part of the Ilha do Governador administrative territorial entity in Brazil.
The Pratt & Whitney Canada PW100 is a turboprop engine family manufactured by Pratt & Whitney Canada, used in aircraft.
Lewis Leathers, a business founded on January 1, 1892 in London, has its headquarters in the same city.
"Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs" is a basketball video game developed and published by Electronic Arts, part of the NBA Live series.
The 1872 Danish Folketing election was a parliamentary election in Denmark held on September 20, 1872, to elect members of the Folketing.
Monroe Area High School is a high school located in Georgia, United States, within the Walton County School District.
Holy Name Cathedral in Steubenville, Ohio, is a Catholic cathedral located in the state of Ohio, United States, and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Steubenville.
The Flag of Buenos Aires, which was instituted on September 28, 1995, is a municipal flag applied to the jurisdiction of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences is a learned society based in Canada, with its headquarters in Ottawa, focusing on the humanities.
Homi K. Bhabha was influenced by Frantz Fanon and worked at Harvard University. He spoke and wrote in English and was married to Jacqueline Bhabha.
Bison (Siemering), a bronze sculpture created by Rudolf Siemering, was inceptioned on January 1, 1902, and depicts a bison.
"Come Back, Little Sheba" is a play by William Inge, first performed at the Westport Country Playhouse in the United States.
The 2018 Euroformula Open Championship is an auto racing sport with a specific start and end time.
Jackson Creek is a river in Canada, located in Ontario, and it empties into Lake Ontario.
Miley Cyrus, influenced by Dolly Parton and skilled on the electric guitar, speaks and writes in English. She is also the sister of Brandi Cyrus.
"The Coldest Winter Ever" is a book published by Pocket Books, written in English and set in New York City, followed by "Midnight and the Meaning of Love."
The Ford Torino Talladega is a car model manufactured by Ford Motor Company and named after Talladega Superspeedway.
Kamaran is an island located in the Red Sea, in the Kamaran District of Yemen.
NRC School, founded in 1950 and located in India, is an institution affiliated with the Secondary School Certificate and operates as part of the university system.
Axel Pehrsson-Bramstorp served as the Prime Minister of Sweden, starting as a member of a political party and ending his tenure in office.
Saint Edward State Park, an instance of a Washington state park located in Kenmore, Washington, United States, includes St. Edward Seminary.
The Bees is a science fiction horror film distributed by New World Pictures and originally filmed in the English language.
Amalgamated Dynamics, a business founded by Tom Woodruff Jr., was established in 1988 and has its headquarters in Los Angeles.
Ace Metrix is a company that was founded in 2007 and has its headquarters in Mountain View, California.
Bossangoa is a city that serves as the capital of Ouham and is located in the administrative territory of Ouham, Central African Republic.
Packet Design is a business based in the United States that was founded in 2003 and produces networking hardware.
Kinsale Sevens is a rugby union sports league that began in 1998.
Sun Devil Stadium, designed by Edward L. Varney Associates, is home to both the Arizona State Sun Devils football team and the Arizona Cardinals, and is used for American football.
Lake Tairutu is a lake located in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
The Qingdao University Gymnasium, located in Qingdao, China, is an arena occupied by the Qingdao Eagles.
Eston Kohver is a human who was detained at Lefortovo Prison.
Gnangara Road is a road in Western Australia, Australia, and it partially coincides with State Route 84.
The Trees and Undergrowth series by Vincent van Gogh is a collection of landscape paintings, currently located in Paris.
Smixi is a human settlement located in Grevena Municipality, Western Macedonia, Greece.
Light Blast, an Italian film directed by Sergio D'Offizi, is narrated in Italian and has its narrative location in the United States.
Slender Rising 2 is a single-player video game released on January 16, 2014, for iOS.
Celtix is a free software written in Java and runs on the Java virtual machine, using the Eclipse Public License.
Suminter India Organics, a privately held company, was founded in 2003 and has its headquarters in Mumbai.
Odense Sports Park is a sports venue located in Odense, Denmark, and includes Odense Isstadion as one of its facilities.
Metro City Bank, an instance of a bank, was founded on January 1, 2014, in the United States and operates in the finance industry.
PC Building Simulator is a simulation video game available on Microsoft Windows and distributed through GOG.com.
SpeedWeed, a company founded in 2011, has its headquarters in Los Angeles.
The Slana River is a river located in Alaska, United States, and it flows into the Copper River.
George Woodcock is a human who received a Guggenheim Fellowship, speaks and writes in English, which is his native language.
The Mascarene crow is a vulnerable species endemic to the Mascarene Islands, belonging to the genus Euploea.
Sharif Bey, a male human born in 1974, was born in Pittsburgh.
The Little River is a river in the United States, located in Maine, and it flows into the Merrimack River as a tributary.
The Ohikanui River is a river located in West Coast, New Zealand, and it flows into the Buller River.
The Grand Enchantment Trail is a trail in the United States that offers views of the Sonoran Desert and terminates in Phoenix, Arizona.
Molasses is a comedy film from Egypt, set in Egypt and originally filmed in Arabic.
Interstate 80 in Wyoming terminates at U.S. Route 189 and Interstate 80 in Nebraska, and is maintained by the Wyoming Department of Transportation.
Idea Jalsa is a television show from India, originally aired on Zee TV in Hindi.
The White Sewing Machine Company, founded by Thomas White and owned by Electrolux, produces both home appliances and sewing machines.
Dubai Airports Company, a business established in 2008, is headquartered in Dubai and operates in the fixed-base operator industry.
Intelsat VA F-12, a communications satellite, was launched on an Atlas G rocket on September 28, 1985.
Conestoga Township, located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States, is an township that is situated near Pequea Creek.
Dutton Cars, an automobile manufacturer headquartered in Littlehampton, was founded in 1969 and operates in the automotive industry.
The portrait depicts Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, along with a Dogo dog.
Joseph Maguire was educated at Manhattan College, where he earned a specific academic degree during his time there.
The 2016 Dubai Tennis Championships, which follows the 2015 edition and is followed by the 2017 edition, includes both the men's and women's tournaments.
The Descriptive Catalogue, authored by William Blake and published in 1809, is a book in the public domain.
Pauline Hoarau is a human who resides in New York City. Her given name is Pauline and her family name is Hoarau.
Parkdean Resorts, a tourism business founded on January 1, 2015, is owned by Onex Corporation.
WWJZ is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Mount Holly, New Jersey, in the United States.
Richwood High School in Louisiana is a high school in North America, located in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, under the Ouachita Parish School Board.
KUBC is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Montrose, Colorado, in the United States.
Group Nine Media, a company founded on January 1, 2016, is headquartered in New York City.
Garuda di Dadaku is an Indonesian film about association football, edited by Cesa David Luckmansyah.
The Graceland Cemetery Chapel is a Gothic-style cemetery chapel located in Avoca, Iowa, United States.
Janq'u Qullu is a mountain located in the Andes range, in the La Paz Department of Bolivia.
Stavanger RK is a sports club founded in 1978, based in Norway and competes in rugby union.
Brigadier Ambrose, an alternative rock band formed in Chatham, Kent, was established in 2006.
Sucuri, a business founded by Daniel B. Cid in 2010, has its headquarters in Menifee, California.
Lucille Hutton, a female human, was born in Indiana.
Schola Antiqua, a rock and pop band from Spain, was founded in 1984 by Laurentino Sáenz de Buruaga.
The MacArthur Causeway is a bridge maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation, crossing Biscayne Bay in the United States.
Andrei Sergeyev was born in Simferopol, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Crimea, a part of Ukraine.
The Bisnovat SK-1 is an aircraft manufactured by Matus Bisnovat in the Soviet Union, with its first flight on January 1, 1939.
Lake Letas, located in Vanuatu, is a lake that has been proposed as a Tentative World Heritage Site.
The Lock Up is a business that was founded in 1976 in Northbrook, Illinois, and has its headquarters in Northfield, Illinois.
Granger High School, located in Granger, Texas, United States, is part of the Granger Independent School District and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Brentford Dock, located in Brentford, United Kingdom, is a marina situated next to the River Thames.
The Stoa of Eumenes, named after Eumenes II, is an example of Hellenistic architecture and is listed as an archaeological site in Greece.
Hindle Wakes is a play written by Stanley Houghton, originating from the United Kingdom and set in Lancashire.
Veeraana is a film directed by Yoosuf Shafeeu, released in 2010 in the Maldives.
Barbara Asher Ayisi served as a head teacher, with a specific start and end time, in the field of education.
You Should Be So Lucky is a television show that aired from February 19, 1986, to February 11, 1987, on BBC.
Enfidaville Airfield, an airstrip built in 1943, is located in Tunisia and serves the town of Enfidha.
Dalzavod, an enterprise founded in 2011, is headquartered on Svetlanskaya Street and operates in the shipbuilding industry.
Groovesect, an American rock and pop band formed in New Orleans, was established in 2006.
Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop is an Indian television show distributed by Viacom 18, produced in Hindi.
Thiene Cathedral is a church located in Thiene, Italy, and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Padua.
The Freedom of the Press Foundation, a nonprofit organization founded by Rainey Reitman, was established on December 17, 2012, in the United States.
Wine to Water, founded by Doc Hendley in 2003, is a business headquartered in Boone, North Carolina.
Mount Rodica is a mountain located in the Julian Alps, Slovenia.
Papa Grows Funk is a band from the United States that performs funk music and is part of the rock and pop genre, with Russell Batiste Jr. as a member.
The DeSoto Diplomat is a car model manufactured in the United States by the DeSoto automobile brand.
The Setting Net Lake mine is a molybdenum mine located in Ontario, Canada.
Old City Hall in Philadelphia is a museum located in Pennsylvania, United States, and was designed by architect William Strickland.
The Wallaby Team of the Decade is an Australian rugby union team that competed in various sport competitions.
Jianggan District is a district in Hangzhou, China, and it contains the administrative territorial entity Sijiqing.
Spartakus and the Sun Beneath the Sea is an animated series from France, originally aired on France 2 and created by Nina Wolmark.
The Morell River, a river in the Republic of Ireland, flows into the Irish Sea and is a tributary of the Painestown River.
White Irish Drinkers, a show from the United States with Geoffrey Wigdor in the cast, was filmed in New York City, specifically in Brooklyn.
Abdelouahed Souhail graduated from the University of Hassan II Casablanca, where he pursued his academic major and earned his degree.
La Quinta Inns & Suites, a business in the hotel industry, was founded in 1968 and has its headquarters in Irving, Texas.
The Bad Kids, produced by Keith Fulton and directed by Louis Pepe, is an English-language film from the United States.
Boing Boing is a group blog founded in 1995 by Mark Frauenfelder in the United States.
The Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge carries Interstate 93 and crosses the Charles River, having been officially opened on December 20, 2003, and maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation.
Eric D. Walrond, an Afro-Guyanese recipient of the William E. Harmon Foundation Award for Distinguished Achievement Among Negroes, was buried at Abney Park Cemetery.
Costanzo I Sforza was a member of the House of Sforza and spoke Italian. He was married to Camilla Marzano d'Aragona and had a child named Giovanni Sforza.
Dancing Trees, an English-language film or TV show from Canada, features Brooke Burns in its cast.
Dunkin' Donuts, founded by William Rosenberg and part of Dunkin' Brands, operates in the gastronomy industry and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
WPCL is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Pennsylvania, United States.
My Friend Lefterakis, an Greek film, features Nikitas Platis and Katerina Yioulaki in its cast and was photographed by Nikos Dimopoulos.
The Winning Way is a book about cricket, authored by Harsha Bhogle, and was published on January 1, 2011.
The Journal of Ethnobiology, an English-language periodical published in Flagstaff, Arizona, was first published on January 1, 1981.
Meigs High School, an instance of a state school, is located in the Meigs Local School District in Pomeroy, Ohio, United States.
The Bonnie Castle Recreation Center is a sports venue located in New York, United States, and is home to the Watertown Wolves.
Lester Wire, a human, was born in Salt Lake City and is buried in Salt Lake City Cemetery.
Lake Poukawa is a lake located in the Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand.
Udine Castle is a Renaissance-style art museum located in Udine, Italy.
Midnight Peacocks, an alternative metal band formed in 2004 in Tel Aviv, is an instance of a rock and pop band.
Manresa Road is a street located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, United Kingdom, and it connects to King's Road.
Seizin Press, founded by Laura Riding on January 1, 1927, is a Spanish publisher.
The Gulfstream G550 is an aircraft model in the Gulfstream G500/G550 family, manufactured by Gulfstream Aerospace, used for executive transport.
Christiane Amanpour was educated at the University of Rhode Island, where she earned an academic degree and majored in journalism.
The National Newark Building, an inception skyscraper from 1931, is located in the United States and was designed by architects John H. and Wilson C. Ely.
Oleksandr Svystunov was born in Yalta, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Crimea, a region of Ukraine.
Karuzi is a human settlement located in Karuzi Province, Burundi, and serves as the capital of Karuzi Province.
Tai Tong Road stop is operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation. It opened on 18 September 1988 and connects to Light Rail Route 610.
RT Aerostats Systems is a business headquartered in Yavne, founded in 1996 and operating in the aerospace industry.
Cape Coral High School is an institution in the School District of Lee County, Florida, United States, and it is an instance of a high school in North America.
Agordat Airport, an airstrip named after Agordat, serves the city of Agordat in Eritrea.
BSAT-2c, a communications satellite, was launched on an Ariane 5 rocket on June 11, 2003.
Troy Peak is a mountain located in Nevada, United States, and is part of the Grant Range.
Wood Lane tube station is adjacent to Shepherd's Bush Market tube station and connects to it on the same line, heading towards the station.
Ciao, Professore! was filmed in Apulia, produced by Vittorio Cecchi Gori and Ciro Ippolito, and is in the Italian language.
"The Night That Panicked America" is an American TV show originally aired on American Broadcasting Company, distributed by Paramount Television, and produced in the English language.
The 1996 Coupe de la Ligue final was held at Parc des Princes, featuring FC Metz and Olympique Lyonnais, with FC Metz emerging as the winner.
Queenscliff Low Light is a lighthouse located in Victoria, Australia, and it began serving in 1863.
Beta News Agency, an instance of a news agency based in Serbia, was founded on January 1, 1992, in the news media industry.
The Madonna dell'Udienza, a marble sculpture created by Antonello Gagini in 1515, is on display.
The British Weights and Measures Association, an advocacy group based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 1995 and focuses on metrication in the country.
Dean Koontz, a human, was educated at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania and is listed in the source Obalky knih.cz.
The Freedom Quilting Bee is a collective founded by Lucy Mingo in the United States, distinct from Quilts of Gee's Bend.
The Lost House is a silent film from the United States, distributed by Mutual Film, and is now in the public domain.
Streymin Bridge, a bridge in the Faroe Islands, was officially opened on October 30, 1973, and spans Sundini.
Portland Energy Conservation, a business founded by Portland, Oregon, was established in 1979 and has its headquarters in Portland, Oregon.
Rushland station, an American train station, opened officially in 1891 and was closed in 1952.
Ghatal Rabindra Satabarsiki Mahavidyalaya, an affiliate of Vidyasagar University, was established in 1961 and is located in India.
Love Always, Santa is an American film produced by MarVista Entertainment and distributed by Hallmark Movies & Mysteries, originally filmed in the English language.
Poonch is a human settlement in India and serves as the capital of the Poonch district.
RSRCHXchange is a financial technology company that was founded in 2014.
The 1976 All England Open Badminton Championships took place from March 24 to 28 in London, with Wembley Arena serving as the home venue.
Sergey Kiriyenko, a member of a political party, served as the head of government in Russia with a specific start and end time.
Redneck Zombies is a comedy horror and science fiction film produced by Troma Entertainment, originally filmed in the English language.
The 1991 Football League Cup Final was held at Wembley Stadium, with Manchester United F.C. and Sheffield Wednesday F.C. participating, and Sheffield Wednesday F.C. emerging as the winner.
The New England Wild Flower Society, a voluntary association and nonprofit organization based in Framingham, Massachusetts, United States, operates as a legal entity.
Stratos is a Greek film produced by Christos V. Konstantakopoulos, starring Vangelis Mourikis, and originates from Greece.
The Ramsauer Ache is a river in Germany, located in Bavaria and is a tributary of the Bischofswieser Ache.
Hung Shing Yeh Beach is a beach located on Lamma Island in Hong Kong, China.
North Bergen High School is a high school in the United States, located in New Jersey within the North Bergen School District.
The Sam Shing stop is operated by MTR Corporation, owned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, and connects to MTR Light Rail Route 505. It was officially opened on February 2, 1992.
The London Griffins, based in the United Kingdom, were inception in 2005 and compete in both rugby league and rugby union.
Onda Latina is an Italian television channel that was launched in 2009 and is owned by GEDI Gruppo Editoriale.
The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions, organized by the Women's Tennis Association and part of the Year-End Championships, was held in Nusa Dua and featured tennis.
Sugar Daddies was directed by George Stevens and edited by Richard C. Currier, with cast members Noah Young and Edna Marion.
John Mearsheimer earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Chicago, where he was advised by William Wohlforth in 1979.
50 Kennedy Plaza is a skyscraper in the United States, designed by HOK and inaugurated in 1985.
Gravine Island is a river island located in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States, and it is situated in the Tensaw River.
The Idaho House of Representatives is the lower house of Idaho's state legislature and its headquarters are in Boise, Idaho. It consists of Members of the Idaho House of Representatives.
Qazakh City Stadium, located in Qazax, Azerbaijan, is home to the football club Göyazan Qazakh FK.
O du eselhafter Peierl is a musical composition by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, published on January 1, 1788, in F major.
Cadw, an non-departmental public body operating in Wales, was established in 1984 and serves the United Kingdom.
Fidelity and Deposit Company, founded by Edwin Warfield in 1890, is a trust company headquartered in Baltimore.
Mind Field, created and presented by Michael Stevens, an educator, is produced by The Intellectual Property Corporation and is presented in the English language.
MTH Electric Trains, a business headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, was formed in 1980 in the same city.
Villa General Roca is a municipality and locality in Argentina, and it is the capital of the Belgrano Department in San Luis.
Johnsonburg Area High School, located in Pennsylvania, United States, is part of the Johnsonburg Area School District and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Wildgall is a mountain located in the Rieserferner Group, Italy, and falls under the category of Wildgall.
The Sikorsky S-42 is a flying boat manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft and designed by Igor Sikorsky in the United States.
Halat Nuaim is a human settlement located in Bahrain, situated next to the Persian Gulf.
Vista High School, located in Lynwood, California, is part of the Lynwood Unified School District and is a state school in the United States.
Hadley Bay is a waterway located in Nunavut, Canada, and is a tributary of the Nanook River.
Pawtuckaway State Park is a New Hampshire state park located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States, and it falls under IUCN category V: Protected Landscape/Seascape.
Ludwig van Beethoven composed the String Quartet No. 6 in B-flat major, which was published in 1801 and is an instance of a string quartet composition.
The Battambang Cathedral, located in Battambang, Cambodia, is a cathedral that underwent demolition.
Netpulse is a business founded by Tom Proulx in 2001, based in the United States.
"The Children of Maria Morales," directed in the Spanish language and originating from Mexico, features Pedro Infante in the cast and was photographed by Ignacio Torres.
The Clark-Blackwell House is a Victorian-style single-family detached home located in Muscatine, Iowa, United States.
Cooked, an English-language TV series that began airing on February 19, 2016, is based on the book "Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation."
Fort McMurray International Airport, located in Alberta, Canada, serves the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo.
Sony Professional Solutions, a company founded in 1978, has its headquarters in Basingstoke and operates as a company.
Vladimir Burtsev was born in Ufa, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
Transoxiana is a historical region located in Central Asia, described by the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary.
Tigermilk, an experimental music band formed in Santiago in 2006, is a rock and pop musical project.
South Delhi is a Lok Sabha constituency located in Delhi, India, with Ramesh Kumar serving as its chairperson.
Milaca is a city in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, United States.
A Christmas Horror Story is a Canadian Christmas film distributed by RLJE Films and originally filmed in English.
Tumhari Amrita, a play by Javed Siddiqui, was first performed in 1992 at the Prithvi Theatre.
Graham High School, located in North Carolina, United States, is part of the Alamance-Burlington School System and is an instance of a high school in North America.
DarXabre, a business headquartered in the Netherlands, was founded in 2001 and operates in the video game industry.
Popatopolis, an English-language film or TV show from the United States, features cast members Jim Wynorski and Monique Parent.
Quemchi Airport, located in Chile and named after Quemchi, serves the Quemchi area.
Sundaram is a theatrical troupe based in India, with its headquarters in Kolkata, founded by Manoj Mitra.
The Middle Nevka River is a river in Russia that flows into Neva Bay and is a tributary of the Krestovka river.
National Highway 333A in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, part of the National Highway system in India.
The 2020 Ethiopian general election, held in Ethiopia on May 2, 2020, contested the position of Prime Minister of Ethiopia.
The New South Wales X200 class locomotives are a subclass of diesel-mechanical locomotives and belong to the locomotive class operated by the New South Wales Government Railways on standard-gauge railways.
The Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge, designed and architected by Santiago Calatrava, was officially opened in 2012 and named after Margaret Hunt Hill.
Deckers Outdoor Corporation, a joint-stock company founded in 1973, trades on the Nasdaq and owns Hoka One One as a subsidiary.
Deoghar Airport serves the city of Deoghar in Jharkhand, India, and is an airport located there.
Raleigh, Mississippi is a town in Smith County, Mississippi, and serves as the county seat of Smith County. It is located in the United States.
NEMO Equipment is a business founded in 2002 with its headquarters in Dover, New Hampshire, and it produces sports equipment.
The Hualapai Mountains, located in Arizona, United States, are a mountain range with their highest point at Hualapai Peak.
Instiki is a wiki software built on Ruby on Rails, written in Ruby and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
Laolong is a town in China, located in Longchuan County, Guangdong, and serves as its capital.
The Pro is a limited series comic authored by Garth Ennis and published in 2002, with Paul Mounts as the colorist.
Royal Central School of Speech and Drama, a higher education institution founded by Elsie Fogerty, is part of the University of London and located in Swiss Cottage.
"The Return of Count Yorga," originally filmed in English and produced in the United States, features Roger Perry in the cast and was directed by cinematographer Bill Butler.
Valerian Albanov was born in Ufa, which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Russia.
County Route 526 is a road located in New Jersey, United States, part of the county route system in the state.
The 20th Lambda Literary Awards is an award ceremony held in 2008, which is part of the Lambda Literary Award.
The Deutsch Group, a business founded in 1938, has its headquarters in New York and operates in the arms industry.
Big Yellow Group is a business founded in 1998, headquartered in Bagshot, and listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Shaquem Griffin received the NCAA Inspiration Award, which follows a point in time and was awarded together with other recipients.
Deputatsky Airport, located in Yakutia, Russia, serves the Deputatsky transport hub.
"She's Gotta Have It" is set in Brooklyn and was directed by Spike Lee, who also served as the film editor. Ernest Dickerson was the director of photography, and Wynn Thomas was the production designer.
Weston-McEwen High School is a high school located in Oregon, United States, within the Athena Weston School District.
Yichun District, located in Heilongjiang, China, contains the administrative territorial entity of Dongsheng Subdistrict and is itself an instance of a district in China.
The 2012 Hong Kong Super Series, which began on November 20, 2012, in Hong Kong and was held at the Hong Kong Coliseum, included the mixed doubles event.
The Big Chapel, authored by Thomas Kilroy and published on January 1, 1971, is a book set in the Republic of Ireland.
A Class Act is a musical theatre piece composed and with lyrics by Edward Kleban, featuring characters including Michael Bennett.
Vilakku Vacha Nerathula is a television series from Tamil Nadu, directed by C. Ranganathan and written by K. Bhagyaraj.
Umpire High School is a state school located in the Cossatot River School District, Arkansas, United States.
Woodville High School in Texas is an instance of a high school in North America, located in Woodville, Texas, and part of the Woodville Independent School District in the United States.
MIC is a business headquartered in Moscow that was established in 1999 and focuses on real estate development.
Simon of the Desert, a Mexican film directed by Gabriel Figueroa and edited by Carlos Savage, received the Grand Jury Prize at the Venice Film Festival.
Digi TV, a business headquartered in Bucharest, was founded in 2004 and operates in the telecommunications industry.
The 1912 United States presidential election in Ohio was a Presidential election held in 1912 to contest the office of President of the United States.
Gomosto is a human settlement located in West Achaea, Greece, on the Peloponnese peninsula.
University Park Campus School, a high school in the United States within the Worcester Public Schools district, was founded in 1997.
Pioneer Kitchenware, a manufacturing business, was founded on July 11, 1957, and its headquarters is located in Tema.
Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation, a business established in 2001, is headquartered in Pune and focuses on e-learning.
G. David Tilman received the Balzan Prize, which recognizes his work in the field of ecology, for his contributions to ecological science.
Malesia consists of the Malay Peninsula and the Malay Archipelago, and includes the countries of Malaysia and East Timor.
Busselton Margaret River Airport is an airport located in Western Australia, serving the city of Busselton, Australia.
"Love Now, Pay Later" was directed by Georg Krause and edited by Herbert Taschner, with cast members Harry Hardt and Edith Schultze-Westrum.
Lake Elmo is a lake located in Washington County, Minnesota, United States, and is protected within Lake Elmo Regional Park.
Canoe Lake, located in Ontario, Canada, is a lake within the country of Canada.
UFC 98 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Otjiwarongo Airport, located in Namibia and named after the town of Otjiwarongo, serves as a transport hub for the area.
Explocity, a business founded by Ramjee Chandran, was established in 1989 and has its headquarters in Bangalore.
Fuze is a privately held company headquartered in Boston, which was founded in 2006.
The Klotsche Center, a multi-purpose hall in the United States, was inaugurated in 1977 and is occupied by the Milwaukee Panthers.
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is a business in the financial services industry, headquartered in San Diego, United States.
The Whitgift Foundation, a nonprofit foundation founded by John Whitgift, is based in the United Kingdom.
Paradise Café is a television series directed by Danny Mulheron, originating from the United Kingdom and originally aired on CBBC.
River Valley High School in Bidwell, Ohio is part of the Gallia County Local School District and is located in the United States. It is an instance of a state school.
Claudia Mo held British Hong Kong citizenship from a start time until it ended for an unspecified reason at a specific end time.
The List of Gwar Members is a Wikimedia list article detailing the band members of Gwar, including Michael Bishop as the bassist, and originates from the United States.
The Raccoons is a British TV show created by Kevin Gillis, originally produced in and spoken in the English language.
The 1957 Romanian legislative election was held in Romania on February 3, 1957, to elect members of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania.
Woodridge High School is a state school located in the Woodridge Local School District, administrative territory of Ohio, United States.
INFORM, an organization founded by Eileen Barker, was established in 1988 and has its headquarters at the London School of Economics.
Tidjane Thiam was educated at INSEAD, where he started and completed his studies and earned an academic degree.
NorthSouth Productions is a marketing business headquartered in New York City, United States.
WCWV is a radio station licensed to broadcast to Summersville, West Virginia, in the United States.
The Lotus 63 is a racing automobile manufactured by Lotus Cars and designed by Colin Chapman, used in motorsports.
Telechron was a business founded in 1912 in the United States, specializing in electric clocks.
Medfield High School is a secondary school located in Medfield, Massachusetts, United States, and is part of the Medfield Public Schools district.
Bolwar Mahammad Kunhi is a human who speaks and writes in Kannada and is known for his notable work "Swatantryada Ota."
On May 22, 2011, FC Porto won the 2011 Taça de Portugal Final at Estádio Nacional, with Vitória SC also participating in the match.
Piercefield House, an architectural structure designed by John Soane, is located in the United Kingdom and is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
Colin Kaepernick was educated at the University of Nevada, Reno, where he majored in history and earned his bachelor's degree.
Huron High School is a state school located in Ohio, United States, and is part of the Huron City School District.
Ateyyat El Abnoudy earned her academic degree and majored in Cairo University.
GeekDad is a website founded and owned by Chris Anderson, which inception date is March 15, 2007.
Leicester Square tube station is adjacent to Charing Cross tube station and connects to a line that runs towards Charing Cross.
Mahendra Morang Adarsh Multiple Campus, located in Biratnagar, Nepal, was founded in 1955 and is affiliated with Tribhuvan University.
The Alliance Alive is a Japanese video game for the Nintendo 3DS, composed by Masashi Hamauzu.
Valkyrie plass station was operational from June 28, 1928, to 1985, connected by the Common Tunnel, and was adjacent to the Nationaltheatret station.
Lev Gor'kov, who worked in solid-state physics and was advised by Lev Landau, earned his Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology.
Suevia is a ship from Germany, manufactured by Caird & Company, and entered service in 1874.
Navigant Consulting, a business founded in 1983, is headquartered in Chicago and trades on the New York Stock Exchange.
Tzohar is a voluntary association founded in 1995 in Israel.
The Brunel University African Poetry Prize, founded in 2012 by Bernardine Evaristo and sponsored by Brunel University London, is an award recognizing outstanding African poetry.
EyeToy: Play 3 is a game in the EyeToy video game series, developed by SIE London Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, which uses an EyeToy as its input method.
The Outdoor Channel, a television channel owned by Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, was inceptioned in 1994 and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
The Epigram is a compact-format newspaper based in the United Kingdom, first published in 1988.
The Fokin government, headed by Vitold Fokin as both chairperson and head of government, follows the Government Masol-Fokin and is under the presidency of Leonid Kravchuk.
The Climax is an illustration created by Aubrey Beardsley in 1893, belonging to the Aestheticism movement.
Marcy Avenue station is a metro station that opened on June 25, 1888, and connects the BMT Jamaica Line with the J/Z subway service.
Philip Tilden, a human educated at Bedales School, is known for his notable work at Chartwell.
The Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is a sports team based in the United States, competing in the sport of Rugby union.
Kaiafas Lake is a lake located in the Peloponnese region of Greece.
The BMW Z9 is a concept car manufactured by BMW, with its inception in 1950.
Round Lake in Michigan is a lake located in Delta County, United States.
Kadalur Point Lighthouse, an instance of a lighthouse, is located in Kerala, India, and began serving in 1909.
The Gordon Bennett Cup for ballooning, a recurring sporting event founded by James Gordon Bennett Jr., began on September 30, 1906, and involves hot air ballooning.
The Rialto Theatre in Tucson, Arizona, an Art Nouveau music venue designed by William and Alexander Curlett, officially opened in 1922.
Kamurobamura-e is a comedy film from Japan, starring Takako Matsu and Toshiyuki Nishida.
Burla (Sitna) is a river in Romania that flows into the Sitna and is a tributary of the Valea lui Hurjui River.
The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg, located in Manitoba, Canada, hosted the 1999 Pan American Games and is an instance of a convention center.
The Wugong Mountains are a mountain range located in China, part of the Luoxiao Mountains, and fall under the category of Wugong Mountain.
Kalai Arasi, an Indian film in Tamil, stars M.G. Ramachandran and P.S. Veerappa.
Hamilton High School in Anza, California, is part of the Hemet Unified School District and is a state school located in the United States.
Green Island is a river island located in the Rideau River, Ontario, Canada.
"Por estas calles," created by Ibsen Martínez, is a Spanish-language film that ended in 1994.
County Route 545 in New Jersey is a road within the United States, part of the county route system in the state.
The New York Jazz Repertory Company, founded by George Wein, is a jazz band based in New York City, United States.
Andi Mattalata Stadium, a multi-purpose stadium located in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, is home to PSM Makassar.
The Daily Iowegian, an inception newspaper founded in 1864 and owned by CNHI, is formatted as a broadsheet.
Red Note Ensemble, an artistic musical ensemble based in the United Kingdom, was founded in 2008 and works in the field of performing arts.
Emerald Lake in Idaho is a glacial lake located in the United States.
KROA is a radio station located in Nebraska, United States, and is licensed to broadcast to Grand Island, Nebraska.
South Lancashire is a vice-county located in England, United Kingdom, on the island of Great Britain.
The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best is a reality television show produced in the United States, executive-produced by Richard Branson.
Perils of the Jungle (1915) is a silent film produced by William Nicholas Selig, originating from the United States and now in the public domain.
East 233rd Street in the Bronx is a thoroughfare maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation and located in the state of New York, United States.
Odyssey Academy is a high school located in Rochester, New York, United States, and is part of the Greece Central School District.
Birdnest Records, a Swedish record label founded by Per Granberg, was established on January 1, 1980.
Lake Meridian is a lake located in King County, Washington, United States.
The Golden Touch is a film produced by The Walt Disney Company and distributed by United Artists, originating from the United States and filmed in English.
The Mystery Creek Events Centre is a venue in Hamilton, New Zealand, and it hosts the Parachute music festival.
Oliver, a piece of software for the Vocaloid 3 platform, was first published on December 21, 2011.
Carl Stephens Ell holds the position of chairperson at Northeastern University, though specific start and end times for his tenure are not provided.
The Punakitere River is a river in New Zealand's Northland Region, and it is a tributary of the Otaua River.
Willie Read was a wing commander and received the Distinguished Flying Cross. He studied at Jesus College, Cambridge.
Singaporeans First is a political party in Singapore that was founded on May 25, 2014, with Tan Jee Say as its secretary general.
Tanglewood Island is a town located in Pierce County, Washington, United States, and is situated next to Puget Sound.
London Motors, a corporation founded in 1921, is an automobile manufacturer headquartered in London, Ontario.
The Toronto Book Awards, a literary award established in 1974, is conferred by the city of Toronto in Canada.
The Basilica of Santa Maria a Pugliano, located in Ercolano, Italy, is a minor basilica within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Naples.
Kolob Reservoir is a reservoir located in Utah, United States.
Marx Dormoy was a member of the French National Assembly, his father was Jean Dormoy, and he spoke and wrote in French.
Pika Peak is a mountain located in Alberta, Canada, within the Slate Range.
Wendell Berry was educated at the University of Kentucky, where he pursued an academic major and earned a degree.
Chandalar Lake is a lake located in Alaska, United States.
Nuestra Belleza Estado de México 2012 was a beauty pageant edition held in Mexico in 2012 as part of the Mexicana Universal Estado de México series.
Souvenir, an English-language film from the United Kingdom, stars Christopher Cazenove and Amélie Pick.
Elizabeth Chu Richter was educated at the University of Texas at Austin, where she earned her academic degree in her chosen major.
Homer Row is a street located in the City of Westminster, United Kingdom, and it connects with Shouldham Street.
Crown Equipment Corporation, a business founded in 1945, is headquartered in New Bremen, Ohio, and produces forklifts.
The Slammer is a television series from the United Kingdom, originally aired on BBC One, with a third series titled "The Slammer (series 3)."
Torrens Island Power Station is a natural gas-fired power station located on Torrens Island in South Australia, Australia.
Kenji Waki, a human, received the Shogi Medal of Honor and was a student of Kazukiyo Takashima. His given name is Kenji.
Hancock High School, located in Mississippi, United States, is part of the Hancock County School District and is an instance of a high school in North America.
Jaqueline Orth, a female human, was born on February 10, 1993, in Bad Hersfeld.
Shougang Gymnasium, an arena located in Beijing, China, is occupied by the Beijing Ducks.
Cascade Mountain is a mountain located in the Adirondack Mountains, New York state, United States.
Reelfoot Lake State Park is a Tennessee state park located in the United States, specifically in Tennessee, and it falls under IUCN category V as a protected landscape/seascape.
The Mata River, a river in New Zealand, is a tributary of both the Ihungia River and the Aorangiwai River.
Preussen-Stadion an der Malteserstraße is a soccer-specific stadium located in Berlin, Germany, and is occupied by BFC Preussen.
Tonkin was a French protectorate with Hanoi as its capital, located in French Indochina, where the Vietnamese language was commonly used.
State Highway 54 in Kerala, India, is managed by the Kerala Public Works Department and is part of the list of state highways in Kerala.
The Book of Kane, illustrated and featuring cover art by Jeffrey Catherine Jones, originates from the United States and is written in English.
Rayne High School is part of the Acadia Parish School Board and is located in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is an instance of a high school in North America.
Brassel Mountain is a mountain located in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland, and is part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks range.
Reckitt and Sons, a business founded by Isaac Reckitt in 1840, has its headquarters in Kingston upon Hull.
Crocker Range National Park, established in 1984, is a national park located in Malaysia and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
The Experimental Cinema of the Philippines, a business owned by the Government of the Philippines, was formed in Manila in 1982.
The Arts House, an architectural structure designed by George Drumgoole Coleman, is located in Singapore and is designated as a national monument.
Serengeti International Airport, located in the Serengeti District of Tanzania, serves Serengeti National Park and is an aerodrome.
HA&W, a limited liability partnership, was founded in 1952 and has its headquarters in Atlanta.
Rheinischer Merkur is a German-language periodical literature published in Germany, edited by Wolfgang Bergsdorf.
Thomas Reiter held a position with the European Space Agency, starting at a specific time and applying to part of its operations.
The Battle of Grahamstown, which took place on April 22, 1819, in Makhanda, Eastern Cape, involved the United Kingdom as one of the participants.
Thudaka Peak is a mountain located in British Columbia, Canada, within the Thudaka Range.
David M. Schwarz Architects, a privately held company founded by David M. Schwarz in 1976, operates as a privately held entity.
The Bolshaya Martayka River is a river in Russia that flows into the Vels River and is part of the Volga Basin drainage system.
Big Bear High School is a state school located in the Bear Valley Unified School District, California, United States.
The Last Weekend is a British television drama series set in England.
Kazuma Kamachi is a human who speaks and writes in Japanese and is known for his work in "A Certain Magical Index."
Redstone Creek is a river in Pennsylvania, United States, that flows into the Monongahela River and is part of the Monongahela River basin.
The Great Adventuress, produced by Felsom Film and originally filmed in German, features Heinrich Schroth in its cast and was photographed by Otto Kanturek.
The 2011 Eastern Province Kings season is an instance of a rugby union season, taking place in 2011.
Burlingame High School (Kansas) is a high school in the United States, located in Burlingame, Kansas, and part of the Burlingame USD 454 school district.
Stuart Alexander & Co Pty Ltd, a company founded in 1884, has its headquarters in Ultimo, New South Wales.
The national coat of arms of Switzerland, which came into inception in 1889, applies to the jurisdiction of Switzerland.
Skoll, discovered on January 5, 2006, by Scott S. Sheppard, is a moon of Saturn named after Sköll.
Riverfront station is adjacent to Donelson station, which connects to a line that runs towards Donelson station, providing a connecting service.
S.V. Nishan 42 is an association football club playing in the SVB Topklasse league, with its home venue at Meerzorg Stadion.
The MBCGame StarCraft League is an e-sport competition in South Korea that was inception in 2002 and features the sport discipline of StarCraft.
Howard Island is an island located in the Arafura Sea, within the East Arnhem Region of Australia.
GN Bouw Stadion is a soccer-specific stadium located in Dordrecht, Netherlands, and is occupied by FC Dordrecht.
Rogue Wave Software, a business founded in 1989, has its headquarters in Louisville, Colorado, and produces software.
Hamlet RK is a rugby union team from Denmark that was founded in 1981.
Gidde Palema, born on April 9, 1995, won the Oslo Grand Prix in harness racing.
Songs before Sunrise, authored by Algernon Charles Swinburne and published in 1871, is a book now in the public domain.
The Eiksund Tunnel, operated by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration, was both initiated and officially opened on 23 February 2008, carrying Norwegian County Road 653.
Kyrgyzata Botanical Reserve, established in 1975, is a protected area in Kyrgyzstan designated as an IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
The Cessna NGP is an aircraft model manufactured by Cessna, with its first flight on June 23, 2006.
Belton High School is located in Belton, Texas, within the United States, and is part of the Belton Independent School District, classified as a high school in North America.
The Oldsmobile Toronado is a car model manufactured by General Motors, part of the Oldsmobile brand, and was succeeded by the Oldsmobile Aurora.
Gwanda is a city located in the Gwanda District of Zimbabwe and serves as the capital of Matabeleland South Province.
Cervelle de canut is a cheese spread originating from France, which includes fromage frais and falls under the category of food spreads.
Bukhansan National Park, established in 1983, is a national park in South Korea classified under IUCN category V as a protected landscape/seascape.
Mancunians RL is a rugby league team based in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2009 and also competes in rugby union.
Red Love, an German film produced by Rosa von Praunheim and directed by Mike Kuchar, was originally filmed in the German language.
The Rove Tunnel, located in Marseille, France, is a canal tunnel that terminates in L'Estaque.
Decoder (duo) is a band formed in Bristol that plays rock and pop music with elements of drum and bass, and features Mark Caro as part of its lineup.
Chucklewood Critters is a Dutch television series with Jody Pijper in its cast, originally produced in the Dutch language.
Rila National Park, established in 1992, is a national park located in Bulgaria and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Cotton Center High School is a high school located in Cotton Center, Texas, United States, within the Cotton Center Independent School District.
The Belan River is a river located in Uttar Pradesh, India, within the Belan River Valley.
7de Laan is a South African television series distributed by SABC 2 and set in South Africa.
Bennison Island is an island located in Corner Inlet, Victoria, Australia.
The Jan Floreins Altarpiece, created by Hans Memling, is an Early Netherlandish painting made on panel using oil paint.
USS Augusta (LCS-34) is an Independence-class littoral combat ship manufactured by Austal USA and hails from the United States.
Lady Irwin College, founded in 1932, is a university affiliated with the University of Delhi in India.
Top Gear Australia (series 3) is a television series season from Australia, originally aired on the Nine Network as part of the Top Gear Australia series.
Conboy Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge located in Washington state, United States, and it falls under IUCN category IV: Habitat/Species Management Area.
Henry Mainwaring was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where he started and ended his studies and earned his academic degree.
The Smoke-Free Air Act, a piece of legislation in the United States, became effective in New Jersey on April 15, 2006.
Forgiato Wheels, a company founded on January 1, 2006, operates in the automotive industry.
The Ueda Electric Railway Bessho Line, operated by Ueda Kotsu, terminates at Ueda Station (Nagano) and connects with the Shinano Railway Line, using a 3 ft 6 in gauge railway system.
Naivasha Stadium, located in Nairobi, Kenya, is an stadium occupied by Vegpro F.C.
The Jericho Diamond Mine, located in Nunavut, Canada, produces diamonds and is part of the list of diamond mines.
"Two in Revolt" is an American film produced by Samuel J. Briskin, directed by Jack MacKenzie, and originally filmed in the English language.
The 2016 Vojvodina provincial election was an election held in Serbia to contest seats for the Prime Minister of Serbia.
Rainbow, a joint-stock company founded by Iginio Straffi, was formed in Loreto, Marche, and is part of Viacom International Media Networks Italia.
Kinepolis, a cinema chain with its headquarters in the Brussels metropolitan area, was founded on January 1, 1997, and includes a location in Hasselt.
Bionda Castana is a company founded in 2006 with headquarters in London, producing shoes.
Peter Diamond received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in conjunction with others.
Southern Company Gas, a business founded in 1856, has its headquarters in Atlanta and owns Nicor.
The Naval Aircraft Factory TS is a fighter biplane, part of the aircraft family manufactured by the Naval Aircraft Factory and retired in 1929.
Two Shots Fired, an Argentine film or TV show originally in Spanish, features cast members Walter Jakob and Fabián Arenillas.
The Miami Canal is a canal located in Florida, United States, and its water originates from Lake Okeechobee.
Axe Cop is a webcomic that was created on December 00, 2009, and later inspired a TV series.
Vark, a type of garnish originating from India and made from metal leaf, includes silver as one of its parts.
Alternate Wars, edited by Martin H. Greenberg and published by Bantam Spectra, follows Alternate Heroes and was followed by Alternate Americas.
Heidsee is a lake located in Switzerland, specifically in the Grisons administrative region.
The M6 motorway in Ireland is a road that began construction in 2006 and terminates in Kinnegad.
State Farm Stadium, designed by architect Peter Eisenman and engineered by Walter P Moore, opened on August 1, 2006, for American football.
Bobbio Cathedral, located in the administrative territory of Bobbio, Italy, is a co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza-Bobbio.
Arandis Airport, located in Namibia and named after Arandis, Namibia, serves as a transport hub for the region.
Maisamma IPS, produced by Dasari Narayana Rao and directed by T. Surendra Reddy, is an Indian film in the Telugu language.
Longfeng District, located in Daqing, China, contains the administrative territorial entity Xinghua Subdistrict and is itself an administrative district in China.
The Reims Opera House, designed by Alphonse Gosset and located in Reims, France, is an example of Art Deco architecture.
Homer Drew was educated at Washington University in St. Louis, where he earned an academic degree and majored in a specific field.
The 2002 California State Assembly election, an election held in the United States, took place in 2002, and Herb Wesson was the successful candidate.
United Theological College in Bangalore was founded on January 1, 1910, and is a seminary affiliated with the Senate of Serampore College (University) in India.
Amritlal Vegad received the Sahitya Akademi Award for his work in the specified year.
The Wolseley 4/50 is a car model manufactured by the British Motor Corporation, part of the Wolseley Motors brand, and was succeeded by the Wolseley 4/44.
Nuts Entertainment is a Philippine TV series produced by and originally aired on GMA Network.
Audrey Arno performs in the pop music genre using her voice and speaks, writes, or signs in French. French is her native language.
The Five Chinese Brothers was published by G.P. Putnam's Sons and written in the English language, with illustrations by Kurt Wiese.
Veslesmeden is a mountain located in Rondane National Park, Norway, within the Dovre administrative territorial entity.
Splish Splash is a water park located in New York state on Long Island, United States.
The Queen Elizabeth II Bridge, located in Belfast, United Kingdom, is a road bridge that crosses the River Lagan and is named after Queen Elizabeth II.
The American Polar Society, founded by August Howard in 1934, is a learned society based in the United States.
Cockerham Vicarage, an instance of a clergy house designed by Edmund Sharpe, is located in Cockerham, United Kingdom.
Hankavan is a village in Armenia, located in the Kotayk Province, with the Armenian language as its official language.
Sheenagh Pugh, a human, works at the University of Glasgow and received the Cholmondeley Award; she is described in the source Obalky knih.cz.
EPA Larnaca FC won the Cypriot First Division championship, securing multiple victories.
The 1993 Israeli presidential election was a presidential election held in Israel in 1993 to contest the office of President of Israel.
UFC 70 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Norman Douglas, whose notable work is the novel "South Wind," wrote in English and was the son of John Sholto Douglass.
"Nuttin' but Love" is a song by Heavy D & The Boyz, produced by Teddy Riley, and was released in the United States. It should not be confused with "Nothing but Love" (disambiguation).
Larry McMurtry was educated at Rice University, where he earned an academic degree and majored in English.
Toe Rag Studios, a business founded by Liam Watson in 1991, has its headquarters in London.
Olga Broumas was educated at the University of Oregon, where she earned an academic degree and majored in English.
The Leeds Rhinos Women is a rugby league team based in the United Kingdom that also competes in rugby union.
Bantam Lake is a lake located in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States, and is part of the Housatonic River basin.
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 69, written in Ancient Greek on papyrus, was published in the Oxyrhynchus Papyri and is part of the University of Chicago Oriental Institute collection.
Lipstick Under My Burkha, produced by Prakash Jha and originally in Hindi, is distributed by ALTBalaji and originates from India.
The 2012 Catalan regional election, which followed the 2010 election and was followed by the 2015 election, had candidates from the Pirate Party of Catalonia and applied to the jurisdiction of Catalonia.
Dynamo Balashikha is an ice hockey team that was founded in 2010 and plays in the Balashikha Arena.
The 2014 American League Wild Card Game, which was part of the 2014 Major League Baseball season and played in Kauffman Stadium, featured the Oakland Athletics and included an extra innings event referenced in the video game Extra Innings.
Sea Drift, composed by Frederick Delius, is a musical composition that was published on January 1, 1904, and is now in the public domain.
An Anna Blume is a poem authored by Kurt Schwitters, published in 1919 and now in the public domain.
The ISTAF Indoor, which began in 2014, is an indoor athletics competition held in Germany.
My Little Bride is a teen film from South Korea, originally filmed in the Korean language, and was directed by cinematographer Seo Jeong-min.
Yamaltransstroy, an open joint-stock company founded in 1985, is headquartered in Moscow and operates as a transport company.
The Bellunes Alps, a mountain range in Italy and part of the Venetian Prealps, have their highest point at Col Nudo.
Elle Girl, a fashion magazine, was first published on January 1, 2001, in New York City.
The Kind Diet is a book published in 2009 by Alicia Silverstone, focusing on veganism.
Tin Wing stop, operated by MTR Corporation and owned by the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, opened on 26 March 1995 and connects to Light Rail Route 751P.
AH87 is a road located in Turkey and is part of the Asian Highway Network.
Beecher High School, located in Beecher, Illinois, is part of the Beecher Community Unit School District 200U and is an instance of a high school in North America, within the United States.
The Dakota Access Pipeline, owned by Energy Transfer Partners and an instance of a pipeline, starts in Stanley, North Dakota, and ends in Patoka, Illinois.
Polyvinyl Record Co., founded by Matt Lunsford in 1995, is a record label based in the United States.
The Long Bridge over the Potomac River is a railway bridge located in Washington, D.C., United States.
El Rio Trio is a rock and pop band formed in Amsterdam, known for rockabilly music and signed with Tombstone Records.
Molesworth Street in Wellington, New Zealand, is located in the administrative territorial entity of Thorndon and is maintained by the Wellington City Council. It is an instance of a street.
Clando is a French-language film from Cameroon, directed by Nurith Aviv.
Hellfire Warrior is a video game published in 1980 in the United States, developed for the TRS-80 platform.
Women's Home Industries, a company founded in 1947, has its headquarters in London.
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, founded by Henry Oscar Houghton, has its headquarters in Boston and produces software. They also own Living Books.
Baeza Cathedral, designed by Andrés de Vandelvira, features Renaissance architecture and serves the Catholic faith within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaén.
The Central Freeway terminates at Octavia Boulevard in San Francisco and is part of the state highway system in California.
Didone is an opera composed by Francesco Cavalli with a libretto by Giovanni Francesco Busenello, written in the Italian language.
Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha is a Romance film produced by 14 Reels Entertainment, originally filmed in the Telugu language and originating from India.
Warm Ghost is a rock and pop band formed in New York City in 2011, originating from the United States.
Gwoza is a local government area in Borno State, Nigeria, and its legislative body is the Gwoza Legislative Council.
Gitega Airport, located in Burundi and named after the city of Gitega, serves as a transport hub for the city.
UFC Fight Night: Almeida vs. Garbrandt is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Oberfrankenhalle is a building located in Bayreuth, Germany, and is occupied by Medi Bayreuth.
Battlefield Earth is an English-language novel published in the United States, set on Earth. It was published by Bridge Publications.
The Planetario di Milano, founded and named after Ulrico Hoepli, was designed by architect Piero Portaluppi and is recognized as Italian national heritage.
Fourche Creek is a river located in Arkansas, United States, and drains into the Arkansas River basin.
The Leonel Viera Bridge, located in La Barra, Uruguay, is a concrete bridge.
National Highway 326 in India is a road owned by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways and part of the national highway system.
The Limavady Railway, located in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom, officially opened on December 29, 1852, with its terminus at Limavady Junction railway station.
The Sibley Railroad Bridge is a railway bridge located in Missouri, United States, and it crosses the Missouri River.
PayPoint, a business headquartered in Welwyn Garden City, was founded in 1996 and trades on the London Stock Exchange.
Tycannah Creek is a river in Australia that flows into the Mehi River and is a tributary of the Brigalow Creek.
City Riots is an Australian rock and pop band formed in Adelaide in 2005.
Harvest Moon: Back to Nature, developed by Victor Interactive Software and part of the Story of Seasons series, has an CERO rating of A (All ages) and an ESRB rating of Everyone.
Isabelle Adjani received the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for her work at a specific point in time.
Hancock Field, an air base in California, was dissolved in 1959 and served Santa Maria, California. It is located in the United States.
Les Grands Ducs was filmed in Lyon and features cast members Florence Geanty and Clotilde Courau, with director of photography Eduardo Serra.
Dina bint Abdul-Hamid, a member of the Hashemite family, speaks English and is married to Hussein of Jordan, with whom she has a daughter, Princess Alia.
The Krylov Peninsula, named after Aleksey Krylov, is a peninsula located in the Antarctic Treaty area of Antarctica.
Antalya FM is a radio station that began operations in 1994 and serves the area of Antalya in Turkey.
Conneaut Lake High School is a high school in the Conneaut School District, located in Pennsylvania, United States.
"Floating Life," directed in the English language and produced in Australia, features Anthony Brandon Wong in its cast and was photographed by Dion Beebe.
The Christmas Album by Boney M., produced by Frank Farian and released by Hansa Records, includes the track "Little Drummer Boy."
Chagres National Park, established in 1985, is a national park located in Panama and falls under IUCN category II: National Park.
Frutillar Airport, located in Chile and named after Frutillar, serves the city and is an airport.
Sorted, an English-language TV series created by Danny Brocklehurst, originally aired on BBC HD until August 22, 2006.
Maasina Fulfulde is a modern language indigenous to Mali.
UFC 62 is a mixed martial arts sporting event organized by the Ultimate Fighting Championship, held in the United States.
Tauranga Airport, located in the administrative territorial entity of Tauranga, New Zealand, serves the city of Tauranga as an airport.
Robert R. McCrae was educated at Michigan State University, where he earned an academic degree and majored in a specific field.
Samuel Meyers Mills Jr. was a general officer in the United States Army.
